Is Global Warming a real problem ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/GLOBAL_WARMING.HTM
Is man's effect on the ozone insignificant?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_volcanoe_ozone.HTM
I just now noticed this question. I will have to come back to it in the near future.
Global warming may or may not be the result of what humans are doing, although it sure isn't helped by our destorying the environment. Now the increasing amount of natural disasters worries me a lot more than global warming which doesn't seem to be progressing to quickly (from winter to early summer, 136 of 140 days were below average temperature where I live). I could really use some global warming up here in Michigan!!!
For my answer to the question see this thread
I'd worry more about another ice age than a melting of the current ice box. We're going to cause clouds of pollutants to screen out the sun's warming rays, allowing the earth's temperature to plummet. Glaciers will form all the way down to the Florida panhandle. When we begin to recover and develop new cities, we will be blessed in that there will be no more mosquitoes.
Here's a link that should be checked out.  http://www.reveal.ca/friendsofscience/ Bad name I know, but GOOD site.  Also try  www.cspg.org and www.aapg.org  Waxy
Ya, were all gonna die from heat strokes and stuff like that......or drown. emoticon_xgood   But it's all because the earth is slowing down, which allows the sun to heat the earth up more.
global warming is actually real. it may be cold but the temperature has to do with the angle that the suns rays hit the surface of the earth. so during the winter it will still be cold, but for where i live the heat was above average this winter season. so the enevitable will come and soon enough summer is gonna b a biotch! especially if u live in texas or sum were around there. so yes global warming is real and defianantly not a hoax, and if you wunt stats/proof go onto some of the anti pollution sites and they will tell u numbers.  Actually, why read when you can experience the warming effect first hand? Just go to an cold place like Alaska and see if there were any changes in the past 30 years. If there were none, then no global warming. If there was, then there is global warming.  If there is global warming, then the next question would be, what is causing it? Is it humans or is it natural or both. Either way, it ain't good.
I don't support or refute the global warming issue....  I have read that the earth's temperature is variable. Example: ice ages (plural) According to ice-core samples from Greenland, the earth is just emerging from a "mini-ice age." In other words, the last 300 - 500 years have been cooler than normal.  My point? Just this. Things change (evolution, racial concepts, the magnetic polerization of the planet, ect.). We should not presume that we know all the causes or reasons of change on our planet -yet.
I don't support or refute the global warming issue....  I have read that the earth's temperature is variable. Example: ice ages (plural) According to ice-core samples from Greenland, the earth is just emerging from a "mini-ice age." In other words, the last 300 - 500 years have been cooler than normal.  My point? Just this. Things change (evolution, racial concepts, the magnetic polerization of the planet, ect.). We should not presume that we know all the causes or reasons of change on our planet -yet.  And exactly how does one measure the Earth's temperature (thus, know it was variable) through "ice core samples" from Greenland?
Primarily, the scientists measure the thickness of each year's layers. Obviously; however, the amounts of precipitation vary, too. I'll get some more details and get back to you.  btw, ice-core samples are taken all over the globe from glaciers.
And exactly how does one measure the Earth's temperature (thus, know it was variable) through "ice core samples" from Greenland?  In addition to thickness, the key method is that each layer of ice has unique Oxygen isotope signature (among others). The O isotope ratio is an excellent indicator of global temperature.  Waxy
Thats another reason why freely distributed guns are good. Killing people cuts down Carbon Dioxide emissions!
Thats another reason why freely distributed guns are good. Killing people cuts down Carbon Dioxide emissions!  All your posts are like this. Are you on crack?
All your posts are like this. Are you on crack?Perhaps the screen name gives me the impression that all his/her posts will be tongue-in-cheek or outright lies! :)   As for the apparent drug usage, I'd say it's more likely LSD than crack. A person on crack usually sells their computer! :p
 As for the apparent drug usage, I'd say it's more likely LSD than crack. A person on crack usually sells their computer! :p  Very sharp Jim, very sharp ;)
The first link I couldn't get to but the second is very interesting but I was aware of the history. It's all a matter of scale. While entirely possible that the airborne lead peaked in some distant age, the overall impact(pollution) has never been greater than now.Awh, now! I bet it was really bad when all the dinosaurs died at one time. Can you imagine?
The house believes that Global Warming is not man made, but is actually just a natural heat strike. Prove us wrong.
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do... let's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide. :) lolICBM, but I believe the termites make up the largest land-based biomass on earth.
Is Al Gore also a Raiders fan? The google ads came up with an ad for Raiders' jerseys and the only key word I can think of that would trigger it would be Al Gore. Sorry for going a bit off topic, just kind of strange. Back to our regularly scheduled program. :)
Americans are obsessed with the lust to get rid of oil dependence. They are ready to bring the world on the verge of ecological catastrophe. It has become known that U.S. experts discovered that corn and colza fuel produces 50-70 % more greenhouse gases than petrol or diesel oil. And at the same time they've triggered this hysteria in Europe about biological fuel and don't hurry to announce about their discovery. On the contrary Americans continue telling tales about improvement of environment statement after total change-over biological fuel. They don't mind about 3 million people in poverty-stricken countries of Africa and South America starve because such cheap food as soy, corn and sunflower would become prohibitive because of their price. The costs would immediately take off once the fields destined for traditional crops are used for biological fuel ones. Oh no, they just want make money hand over fist and not depend from oil-exporting countries. How can you compare lives of some people of second chop with American golden god?
Brussels is going to put in force exorbitant ecological tax on European routes. For sure someone in European Commission really, really doesn't like EU newcomers very much. Because most of trucks with export production traveling on European routes are from Eastern Europe and Baltic countries. And now all those numerous small businesses of EU newcomers will be deprived of most inexpensive possibility of transport their production. It doesn't look like program of newcomers' support at all. This is utter discrimination. Pompous Old Europe is tired to play good democratic sponsor of its neighbors. So it begins getting rid of 'dead weight'.
This is cool. umgd
It seems that the high priest of Global Warming is so unconcerned about its reality that In the past year, Gore's home burned through 213,210 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, enough to power 232 average American households for a month. Wait, an ad hominem that even skews the stats? You could at least compare monthly to monthly, or yearly to yearly. You could point out that his modifications decreased his energy consumption. You could tell us whether that number included time while renovations were taking place, if you even knew. You could clarify whether this compensates for natural gas, propane, or heating oil usage. You could explain whether the amount "burned through" is from the grid alone or also includes the non-impacting solar and geothermal contributions.  But doing so would require not being a rightwing parrot.
A well established reality? I repeatemoticon_xclown Did that answer his question?
Not really, did I have to? Did he not include Christians? Does it make any difference to the argument as global warming being the new religion? He certainly didn't address the point that I was making? What are you, his mother?  Not to worry , just put it right. Well done.  And no, not his mother (or father for that matter).
Faux.News and all the Faux.News clones, ABC, NBC and CBS. Not to mention the right wing takeover of PBS.  That's a joke right? It has to be since it has no evidence, facts nor logic to it.
I think you should stick to your favorite medium, boiling cauldrons. :p  Strange I thought it was devining by fondling fish guts and predicting any thing to the right of Joe Stalin was right wing.
The culprit is menopausal hotflashes from us aging boomers.  More ppl and animals die worldwide from exposure to cold than heat, plus added C02 will be boon for flora.
Ness (earthbound fan?) It's my opinion that your "truths" are just as misleading as the original statements.
4. Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet.  didn't Kevin Costner do a movie about this in 1995?
If he asks for your source,s you have to provide them. It's not an option. THe burden of proof is on the person who makes a statement. So Waxy is correct. It doesn't matter if you don't play the game. YOu condede if you don't provide sources. YOu don't expect them to take your word at face value, do you?
Horrible news.   http://www.thestate.com/mld/state/2003/08/16/news/nation/6537714.htm   http://edstrong.blog-city.com/read/181067.htm   http://cbsnewyork.com/topstories/topstories_story_226152201.html   Why don't Americans care?
Who says Americans don't care?
Our media hardly ever talks about it, yet our media keeps obsessing over a few deaths in Isreal, or the Sniper shooting. Why doesn't our media talk more about the heat wave? Because most Americans don't care just because France didn't help us fight Iraq.
But those are issues that directly affect us and that we can do something about. What can we do about people dying in a heat wave?
I suppose in your mind you believe that Americans hate the French so much that they don't care if thousands of them die. Perhaps that is the view in your neightborhood in California but I doubt it and as a whole the idea is simply idiotic. People here care about what is happening in France although it is not a top story. I've seen several news reports just about this every day for the last week so there is no doubt that it is being reported on and things don't get reported on this often if no one cares. Perhaps it is hard for us to relate to what is happening there to the same extent that French or other European people can. There is of course the little matter of Iraq and more of our own troubles that consume much of the news here. Don't mistake that for the majority of Americans not caring what is happening in France.
hmmmm, bigger concern:  International tension and war ooooooooor hot weather
Considering those French died from heat and not because someone killed them... I see a huge difference. :-\
The government should be able to handle their own problems. If they ask for our assistance we should of course assist them. The people of France do not deserve to be punished by the US because of their Iraq opinions.  Always Stay Open Minded
I think the count may be up to 10,000 now...
Morfos, do YOU really care? Have you sent money to help the people who's families have died? Or to help families buy air conditioners if they don't have one? How about when hurricane season hits and thousands are killed by floods? What about all the people who starve to death each day?   It really is so easy to sit at your computer and say "this is so horrible" and not do anything about it.
Look at how America treats its' own senior citizens/parents.   The old timers have to cross borders for medications to live, suffer(ranging anywhere from bed sores to death) in old folk homes...ect   Imagine what the next generation( if any) would be like    Here recently I heard the American Gov was stiffing the retards.....
who cares anyway? there'll be millions more dead every day and million more born everyday. so it's no big surprise because the circle life has to continue or else they would over populate the world. so be thankful that it happened or else you might be living in an over populated area like china and india.
who cares anyway? there'll be millions more dead every day and million more born everyday. so it's no big surprise because the circle life has to continue or else they would over populate the world. so be thankful that it happened or else you might be living in an over populated area like china and india. exactly, why care? we will all die eventually anyway. great reasoning! (the above was a sarcastic comment)
exactly, why care? we will all die eventually anyway. great reasoning! (the above was a sarcastic comment)  My thoughts exactly (sarcastically of course). You can justify a whole lot of actions if you just assume that we will all die anyways so why worry how a person dies.
Can you imagine how bad France must have smelled? All that French cheese lying around in the heat...I think I would have prayed for death, but that's just me.
Horrible news.   http://www.thestate.com/mld/state/2003/08/16/news/nation/6537714.htm   http://edstrong.blog-city.com/read/181067.htm   http://cbsnewyork.com/topstories/topstories_story_226152201.html   Why don't Americans care?  If what happened after the Iraqi Invasion is any indication many of them probably think that the "Cheese eating surrender monkeys" got what they deserved.
Man made or natural?
are you joking?  I have a debate thing in one of my classes and I was just trying to get proof for it.
The "Hole" in the Ozone layer was found in 1956 before CFC was being widely used......  Wow,,,very interesting. Cant wait to see the replies to this.
Noticably there hasn't been one for 2 and a half hours...... Still nothing,,,,guess they are gonna let it die
What do ya'll think?
Well, really, they both compensate and reciprocate for one another, you could say.
In my opinion the environment is not as important as economics simply because a strong economy means increases in science and technology. Although it may not seem to be leading us towards a more environmentally friendly economy yet it is inevitable that it will end up there. The reason for this is that an economy cannot succeed without a respectable balance with nature and at our current pace we are not going to be at a respectable balance with nature forever. Strong economics will lead to a balance with nature or economics will fail.
Now I know that Nuclear Power has already been discussed but I just wished to see if people thought we should have nuclear power or not. Just curious.
The nuclear power debate is emerging once again in my country. We finally have some distance (time) to Chernobyl so we can discuss the matter rationally. Apparantly many young adults who didn`t experience Chernobyl as grown ups do not buy into the "nuclear=death-machine that will kill us all" propaganda :)
In the future, unless some radical new technology gets discovered nuclear power will become more important as a source of energy. At some point oil and gas will be more costly to use for electrical power then nuclear power. When that happens nuke plants will become more common.
There have been some rather impressive developments with non-nuclear power. For example, newly developed Thermo-Depolymerization Technology (which converts carbon-rich garbage into crude oil). The conversion process doesn't create any harmful pollutants and use of the new form of oil actually releases less greenhouse gases than would be released by the natural decay process if the material had been stored in a landfill.  'Turkey waste turned into oil' - New York Newsday - New TDP plant generating a positive cash flow while selling crude oil converted from garbage at a price 10% less than equivalent oil produced at a conventional refinery. http://www.nynewsday.com/technology/ny-liturk073836915jun07,0,1109501.story?coll=ny-technology-headlines   'Missouri plant begins making oil from farm waste' - Waste News - Crude oil No. 4, produced from agricultural waste products, put on the market.  http://www.wastenews.com/headlines2.html?id=1085160729    'Turkey Fuel? Factory to Turn Guts into Crude Oil' - National Geographic - Details how a Carthage plant is converting turkey waste into crude oil and its potential to solve many of America's waste disposal problems while making us less dependant on foreign oil.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/11/1125_031125_turkeyoil.html   'Researchers turn manure into crude oil' - MSNBC News - Researcher Yanhui Zhang of the University of Illinois has successfully converted pig manure into oil in small batches. He uses a similar process to the one already being used by a plant in Carthage, Mo., that converts tons of waste material, such as feathers and entrails, from a nearby Butterball Turkey plant into light crude oil.  http://msnbc.msn.com/id/4732398/    And on the hydrogen frontier, there was a recent breakthrough in an ethanol-to-hydrogen reactor that will make hydrogen much more competitive as an energy source. http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/science/02/13/hydrogen.reactors.ap/    Mark Harm Candidate for State Representative - Michigan
There is an interesting article in a recent issue of Fortune magazine detailing the success of French nuclear power. The article gives a reasonably good case to the advacement of nuclear power plants.   There are some security concerns that would certainly have to be addressed before we start popping plants up across the country. Other than that I think new nuclear power plants deserve their day in court.
There is a huge difference between fission and fusion. fission bad, fusion good.
There is a huge difference between fission and fusion. fission bad, fusion good.  Oh yeah, generalizations are cool! Let's all jump on this bandwagon!  Black people bad, white people good.  Muslims bad, Christians good.  Fission bad, fusion good.  Geez.
Obviously you need to read up on the differeneces. They are in no way equal, and why you brought race and religion into this debate preplexes me.
Obviously you need to read up on the differeneces. They are in no way equal, and why you brought race and religion into this debate preplexes me.  I bring it up, because you seem completely unafraid to make gross generalizations. It's the mindset I'm talking about, not the specific issue. Read what I wrote, and understand it, before you respond.  Beyond that, trust me, I'm well-read. Probably more than you.  The point I was trying to get across... you didn't get it the first time, rather concentrating on the social side-issues of my first post... is that both forms of power have their advantages. At this point, fission's biggest advantage is its feasibility; fusion HAS NONE!  People are afraid of fission, and rightfully so, remembering Chernobyl. Yet, if mankind is to progress, he must fight past his fears, and advance.
Sorry, but we don't have to apply social equalities to inanime objects. Fusion is better, the ONLY problem is it's not ready for mass use yet. That doesn't make fission power any better.  I'm not really worried about a three mile island. I'm more worried about those thousands upon millions of gallons of radioactive waste and their effects.
There have been some rather impressive developments with non-nuclear power. For example, newly developed Thermo-Depolymerization Technology (which converts carbon-rich garbage into crude oil). The conversion process doesn't create any harmful pollutants and use of the new form of oil actually releases less greenhouse gases than would be released by the natural decay process if the material had been stored in a landfill.  'Turkey waste turned into oil' - New York Newsday - New TDP plant generating a positive cash flow while selling crude oil converted from garbage at a price 10% less than equivalent oil produced at a conventional refinery. http://www.nynewsday.com/technology/ny-liturk073836915jun07,0,1109501.story?coll=ny-technology-headlines   'Missouri plant begins making oil from farm waste' - Waste News - Crude oil No. 4, produced from agricultural waste products, put on the market.  http://www.wastenews.com/headlines2.html?id=1085160729    'Turkey Fuel? Factory to Turn Guts into Crude Oil' - National Geographic - Details how a Carthage plant is converting turkey waste into crude oil and its potential to solve many of America's waste disposal problems while making us less dependant on foreign oil.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/11/1125_031125_turkeyoil.html   'Researchers turn manure into crude oil' - MSNBC News - Researcher Yanhui Zhang of the University of Illinois has successfully converted pig manure into oil in small batches. He uses a similar process to the one already being used by a plant in Carthage, Mo., that converts tons of waste material, such as feathers and entrails, from a nearby Butterball Turkey plant into light crude oil.  http://msnbc.msn.com/id/4732398/    And on the hydrogen frontier, there was a recent breakthrough in an ethanol-to-hydrogen reactor that will make hydrogen much more competitive as an energy source. http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/science/02/13/hydrogen.reactors.ap/    Mark Harm Candidate for State Representative - Michigan    They make the crude oil by heating waste under pressure.  WHERE DO THEY GET THE HEAT?   .
Sorry, but we don't have to apply social equalities to inanime objects. Fusion is better, the ONLY problem is it's not ready for mass use yet. That doesn't make fission power any better.  I'm not really worried about a three mile island. I'm more worried about those thousands upon millions of gallons of radioactive waste and their effects.  Controlled fusion ain't ready by a long shot. It will be decades before we see the first prototype fusion power station.  http://physicsweb.org/articles/world/17/1/6/1  I agree that fission waste is terrible.   .
I bring it up, because you seem completely unafraid to make gross generalizations. It's the mindset I'm talking about, not the specific issue. Read what I wrote, and understand it, before you respond.  Beyond that, trust me, I'm well-read. Probably more than you.  The point I was trying to get across... you didn't get it the first time, rather concentrating on the social side-issues of my first post... is that both forms of power have their advantages. At this point, fission's biggest advantage is its feasibility; fusion HAS NONE!  People are afraid of fission, and rightfully so, remembering Chernobyl. Yet, if mankind is to progress, he must fight past his fears, and advance.   At least you think you're smart. I wish others could say the same about you. How do you come on this forum, make 28 posts, and then decide you are well-read, more so than everyone else?   Also, I have no clue why you brought race into this. Saying fission is good, fusions is bad has no business being compared with saying someone of one race is better than another. Get a clue.  P.S---You would think someone so well-read would know how to spell screw, wouldn't you?
Nothing will replace fossil fuels until they reach a market price that favors an alternative.  And the government can find a way to heavily TAX that alternative without a public outcry.
Clearly this John Raven just wants a bigger budget and so he's made up yet more stuff about the problems of CO2 pollution emoticon_rolleyes   Why is this clear?
Ocean acidity is old news...
You'll have to ask gnojek that. It appears he thinks that any pronouncement by a scientist suggesting CO2 production is a problem is a conspiracy theory by scientists to get bigger budgets:  "As scientists we will tell you that there is a major problem that can only be solved through science , which can only be done with money. We're scientists and we really like grant money to do research. Wouldn't it be great if we had a global initiative to fund this research indefinitely, or until the global warming problem is solved..."  It's the YEC movement all over again: there's no proof, the evidence could be interpreted either way, it's a scientific conspiracy theory, the Devil is behind it: it's un-Christian to cut back on fossil fuel burning etc emoticon_xclown  Ah, my bad... :p
Debate is over...Clive chickened out....JP was tearing him a new one anyway. When do I get my big money? I was just as ready to get paid as Harriet was, but haven't seen any handouts yet. It's a shame about the lack of constitution in the quiter.  Verbal coitus interruptus! What a let down. emoticon_cry :xcensored :p
I've got to agree with this assessment.  I think Clive14 dreamed up a dramatic crisis in an attempt to get himself banned rather than face a through defeat in the wake of pompous challenge.  WaxyI think this is an interesting conclusion, no? It does look like an invented dramatic crisis to escape the debate. I feel I must disagree with your idea of defeat though. Clive14 was very pompous and arrogant and so might have tried to avoid humiliation and defeat by running away, but he has been humiliated and defeated anyway, no? He took nearly the full four days to do each post. His last post was not finished even. I think he might have "cooked up" the crisis as he was too arrogant to say he had no time and couldn't finish. I feel it is sad that he did that, as he could have won. JPSartre12 was very muddled I feel. He dismissed evidence because it came from the UN bodies or "left wing" groups. He used appeals to authority (I think that the right term) a lot. He swung between there being no global warming to global warming will be a good thing. His argument, I think he even admitted himself, was really one of politics and money, not of science. But Clive14 did not really tackle any of that, he instead offered poor choices of counter evidence to the science only I feel. Again this makes me think he was spending too little time on his posts to hope to win.  It was a very disapointing debate. It ought to be a lesson though to not build up the hype before. He was very rude to you Waxy for example and implied anyone who disagreed with him was dumb, so he made life difficult before he started. Also if you are right Waxy, then only debate if you can cope with losing. If I am right, only debate if you have the time to do it right.
I'm also of the opinion that JP had the advantage and would have taken game, set, and match. But I would be surprised if Clive14 quit because he was on the brink of a defeat. He was a pugnacious debater who gave no quarter.  Unfortunately, he alienated many by his reckless insults and impatience with anyone who disagreed with him. His challenge to Waxy was very insolent and invited a sort of nemesis.
This article, from the Daily Telegraph, states that data from the "Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia" shows "that for the years 1998-2005 global average temperature did not increase (there was actually a slight decrease, though not at a rate that differs significantly from zero)."  Does anyone know anything about this university (i.e. is it reputable in this area of science)? Also, any thoughts on the author and his interpretation of this data (if the data is reliable that is).
I also visited the university's website and looked at their data. There does appear to be information which contradicts with the above listed article's claims (e.g. - http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/temperature/nhshgl.gif). Not sure what he is talking about.
Hey im new and this is actually my first post, as side from the intro one I gave.  . Welcome, Evan. I look forward to your input despite your signature quote source. Dono
It is pretty bizzare. There are plenty of groups out there that will reach whatever "conclusion" you pay them to reach. Why he didn't cite one of them instead of an easily checkable source that says the opposite of what he says they do is beyond me.  lol...nice
Crown of creation?  I fail to see how we are any different from bacteria.  We will feed on the resources until they run out or until we render the environment unlivable with our own waste or both.   People just like us have lived on earth for almost a million years.   The dinosaurs lived on earth for 65 million years.   Witch is the more successful form of life so far?  We have a long ways to go before we can say that we were the crown of anything.  AN EGOCENTRIC ATTITUDE IS THE WRONG ATTITUDE.
The dinosaurs lived on earth for 65 million years.   Way off. Dinosaurs were around from approximately 248 million years ago till 65 million years ago. 248-65= 183 million years.  Humans are at what, maybe 60,000 years?
I stand corrected.
"I would rather be descended from a humble ape...."   "humble ape?" LOL! Do they keep them in separate cages at the zoo?
You don't get the point. I didn't think you would. That would require INTELLIENCE.  So, Trebor butchers "intelligence," like I thought he would. LOL!
So, I can't spell. On the other hand, I understand people. And I am not someone who has too much starch in their shorts, and is so unhappy with themself and the world (like you are)  Why is it the religious people are obsessed with spelling?  I have a theory:  In a chat room anytime someone misspells something it is all ways the women that scorn the evildoer.  Religious men are obsessively homophobic which we now know thanks to the advanced modern science of psychological stuff is repressed homosexuality, meaning they like boys.  Therefore and in conclusion they are girls.
Oh ok, sorry girls!  Maybe girls will like me better now?
You never know till you ask ;p  Oh ok.  EZ, you like me better now?
"But greenpeace isn't like any other company, because it's not making any money. Its leaders get paid little compared to the CEOs of similar sized companies."  Is that a fact? I recall an investigation into greenpeace some years ago. What they discovered turned my stomach. Money is EVERYTHING to EVERYONE except maybe mother theresa
According to this site, it's 0.28%. So if this is true (I'm not sure if this is credible or not, someone else pointed it out to me), that means if we were to eliminate EVERY SINGLE thing that caused any greenhouse gasses (stopped driving cars altogether, stopped using AC, heaters, etc.) there would still be 99.72% of the gasses there are now. According to Gore in "An Inconvenient Truth" small changes such as restrictions on cars and such would be enough to stop global warming. So which is it? I think we all know global warming is happening, it's just whether humans are causing it and whether it will continue to warm at this rate or whether it will beigin cooling in the future again. According to this site we really can't do much to change it and it is mostly natural. According to Gore we're in danger and need to stop this tragedy that we can prevent. I hate it when people come up with different facts. Different opinions are natural, but when people give different "facts" one of them must be wrong. Which is it?  Here's the site: http://www.clearlight.com/~mhieb/WVFossils/greenhouse_data.html
 Nuclear power is more expensive than wind per kilowatt, as I understand it, and given that no nuclear plants have been built here in decades, I doubt that this is due to the cost of building them.  Its the cost of building them when you already have powerplants that work fine and the public's distrust of nuclear power more than the trouble with the power source itself. Don't breeder reactors make the abundance of uranium less significant as well?
http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/story.html?id=156df7e6-d490-41c9-8b1f-106fef8763c6&k=0 "Dr. Shariv, a prolific researcher who has made a name for himself assessing the movements of two-billion-year-old meteorites, no longer accepts this logic, or subscribes to these views. He has recanted: "Like many others, I was personally sure that CO2 is the bad culprit in the story of global warming. But after carefully digging into the evidence, I realized that things are far more complicated than the story sold to us by many climate scientists or the stories regurgitated by the media.  "In fact, there is much more than meets the eye."  Dr. Shariv's digging led him to the surprising discovery that there is no concrete evidence -- only speculation -- that man-made greenhouse gases cause global warming. Even research from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change-- the United Nations agency that heads the worldwide effort to combat global warming -- is bereft of anything here inspiring confidence. In fact, according to the IPCC's own findings, man's role is so uncertain that there is a strong possibility that we have been cooling, not warming, the Earth. Unfortunately, our tools are too crude to reveal what man's effect has been in the past, let alone predict how much warming or cooling we might cause in the future.  All we have on which to pin the blame on greenhouse gases, says Dr. Shaviv, is "incriminating circumstantial evidence," which explains why climate scientists speak in terms of finding "evidence of fingerprints." Circumstantial evidence might be a fine basis on which to justify reducing greenhouse gases, he adds, "without other 'suspects.' " However, Dr. Shaviv not only believes there are credible "other suspects," he believes that at least one provides a superior explanation for the 20th century's warming." It has been claimed here that the ony scientists who disagree with global warming either have ties to oil companies or are not specifically climatologists (which shouldn't necessarily matter).   Both the idea that they may have some tie to oil companies or that they aren't specifically climatologists, of course, are beside the point--what matters is their logical reasons and data they can point to. There are scientists on both sides of the issue of whether or not global warming is human-caused. It just so happens that those who fall on the side of human-caused global warming tend to be winning a huge PR thrust that's been going on for some time.  And before anyone thinks otherwise, I tend to fall on the side of global warming and that humans are at least contributing. But I can't go along with the idea some have that anyone who scientifcally challenges the global warming view of human-caused should be written off--pretty much automatically.
I love your signature E Mutz.  I need to put it on my front door :)
The horror!  What about cricket rather than roundersemoticon_xangel
"Armed with Gore's utility bills for the last two years, the Tennessee Center for Policy Research charged Monday that the gas and electric bills for the former vice president's 20-room home and pool house devoured nearly 221,000 kilowatt-hours in 2006, more than 20 times the national average of 10,656 kilowatt-hours.  "If this were any other person with $30,000-a-year in utility bills, I wouldn't care," says the Center's 27-year-old president, Drew Johnson. "But he tells other people how to live and he's not following his own rules."  "I appreciate the solar panels," he said, "but he also has natural gas lanterns in his yard, a heated pool, and an electric gate. While I appreciate that he's switching out some light bulbs, he is not living the lifestyle that he advocates." http://abclocal.go.com/ktrk/story?section=nation_world&id=5072659
Well, it's the classic "Do as I say, don't do as I do".
In the interest of fairness and balance, did you think to check to see if he might be running an office or web server or some other legitimate power-hungry activity out of his house? He isn't using all that power just to run an electric gate.
That would have to be one hell of a web server. I think it has more to do with the fact that the house has 20 rooms (and is one of four).   He could be employing an army of blind dwarves for all I care. He's cranking out $30,000 in utilities and want's me to carpool? Hey Al? Do you like a glass of Wine now and then? Well, I'm a raging alcoholic and I say you need to cut back on your drinking.  Nuts
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong.
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong.  No but his complete dependence on a media machine certainly takes away from the validity of his message. The models for climate change that Gore recites are strictly weather and do not look at global climate patterns and do not look at climate changes within history. The changes that are occuring now are within the limits of changes that have happened elsewhere in history. His information is just a "part" of the story. That is why he is incorrect.
No but his complete dependence on a media machine certainly takes away from the validity of his message.  Thank you. That's what I'm looking for. Merely because one is a hypocrite does not make their message wrong. One is wrong for other reasons.
Thank you. That's what I'm looking for. Merely because one is a hypocrite does not make their message wrong. One is wrong for other reasons.  Correct. However, a true leader leads by example, not just with words. This is why Al gore will never be my president.
Correct. However, a true leader leads by example, not just with words. This is why Al gore will never be my president.  Your president? No, That's why Al Gore will never be anyone's president.   Still, it would be a hard decision to pick between Gore and Quayle.
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong. True, the message is not necessarily false. But when someone starts spreading a message that he/she doesn't believe in, I start questioning someone's motives/agenda and with that I also start questioning the credibility of the message. Gore is selling something that he doesn't believe in. That's akin to the owner of car company driving in another car brand. Makes me think that's there's something wrong with the products that they're selling.
True, the message is not necessarily false. But when someone starts spreading a message that he/she doesn't believe in, I start questioning someone's motives/agenda and with that I also start questioning the credibility of the message. Gore is selling something that he doesn't believe in. That's akin to the owner of car company driving in another car brand. Makes me think that's there's something wrong with the products that they're selling.  I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.
http://guerillawomentn.blogspot.com/2007/02/gore-smacks-down-drama-queen-drudge.html  1) Gore's family has taken numerous steps to reduce the carbon footprint of their private residence, including signing up for 100 percent green power through Green Power Switch, installing solar panels, and using compact fluorescent bulbs and other energy saving technology.   2) Gore has had a consistent position of purchasing carbon offsets to offset the family's carbon footprint - a concept the right-wing fails to understand. Gore's office explains:   What Mr. Gore has asked is that every family calculate their carbon footprint and try to reduce it as much as possible. Once they have done so, he then advocates that they purchase offsets, as the Gore's do, to bring their footprint down to zero.  The Tennessean elaborates, "Gore purchased 108 blocks of 'green power' for at least each of the last three months, according to a summary of bills from Nashville Electric Service. . . The green power purchased by Gore in those three months is equivalent to recycling 2.48 million aluminum cans, or recycling 286,092 pounds of newspaper, according to comparison figures on the utility's Web site."  Dave Johnson and James Boyce over at Huffington Post report on The Tennessee Center For Policy Research.  And lo and behold we have not only an Exxon connection, but the Bush and Cheney 'mexed missages' manufacturer itself -- the radical right-wing American Enterprise Institute:  Tennessee Center's President Drew Johnson comes straight out of the right's network, coming from Exxon-funded American Enterprise Institute and the right-wing-funded National Taxpayers Foundation.  They are part of the right's State Policy Network. According to PFAW,  "SPN is a national network of state-based right-wing organizations in 37 states as well as prominent nationwide right-wing organizations. Through its network SPN advances the public policy ideas of the expansive right-wing political movement on the state and local level."  As of Feb. 16, the Tennessee tax dept. considers them "not a legitimate organization" because of their misrepresenting themselves involving questions about the group's opposition to a state crackdown on drug dealers.  The Tennessee Center for Policy Research bills itself as, um, nonpartisan.  The entire budget for 2005 was $105k of which $52k went to salary expense. The Center spent no money on research but it did spend $9k on meals and travel.  http://digg.com/environment/Who_is_this_Tennessee_Center_for_Policy_Research
I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.  Al Gore's in royal company. Prince Charles is in the habit of giving lofty sermons (to the plebs) about his environmental concerns while he hires a 767 for long distance flights with a staff of twenty seven. However, his "carbon footprint" is offset by planting bushes in the organic garden at his country mansion.   James.
Talk about accepting the class you were born into... You must be a european to believe as you do. You see, we don't have Royals in the USA  Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?   or a class system  Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.
Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?     Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.  Fluid my arse. Social mobility is lower in the US than in any other western nation.
emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard. They're not respected or honored as anything more than spoiled rotten rich brats who use and abuse those around them. If I was one I would change my name and disown my heritage.   And anyone here can lift themselves out of poverty and raise their station in life. It just takes work and a good idea. That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.  What planet are you on? "throughout europe and asia"? The only country in Europe that still has a noticable class system is the UK, and the effect of that is more economic than social. The US and UK have the lowest social mobility, with the US being the lowest. Scandinavian countries have the highest. In short, if your dad is a dustman, there's far more chance of you becoming a doctor in Sweden than there is in the US. Poverty is far more persistent in the US than in continental Europe.
Fluid my arse. Social mobility is lower in the US than in any other western nation.  You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.
emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard.  Sure they have. *cough*   That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.  Yes it is. The US is still a very class structured society. Society looks down at the 'untouchables' of the nation. The janitors, the menial workers, those who are making poverty level wages. We idolize those who are fabulously wealthy. Granted the two CAN exchanges places, but that doesn't mean the class system doesn't exist. It is just fluid.
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.  Most countries have lotteries. You shoudl flip those tickets over and see what the odds of winning are. This is one of the weakest arguments I have very seen you make.   Jo Bennet is wrong, though. The US still has the lowest upward social mobility on the planet, but we have the largest downward social mobility. The middle class is becoming the working poor.   There are NO western nations where sombody making poverty wages routinely moves in next to the rich and famous...unless they are moving into the servants quarters. The odds are good (94%) that you will make less in constant dollars than your parents in your lifetime if you are middle class. You may even be able to buy more stuff then them, due to massively increased credit expansion in the last 30 years, but at the end of your life, you will probably have made less money in constant dollars.   The idea that there is no class sytem in the US is idiotic to say the least. We have a president whose only qualification is that his last name is Bush.   You know I could run for governor, but I'm basically a media creation. I've never done anything. I've worked for my dad. I worked in the oil business. But that's not the kind of profile you have to have to get elected to public office.  -- Dubya in 1989
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class. I hope to god you're being facetious here.
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.  Y'know, the UK has a lottery too. Lotteries are actually a way in which money is transferred from the poor to the rich. My basis for saying US social mobility is low is the evidence: http://www.suttontrust.com/reports/IntergenerationalMobility.pdf daewoos point is rather irrelevant as the measures are based on quartiles, not on absolute measures of wealth.
Most countries have lotteries. You shoudl flip those tickets over and see what the odds of winning are. This is one of the weakest arguments I have very seen you make.  Okay, I have one. It had to come sometime.   There are NO western nations where sombody making poverty wages routinely moves in next to the rich and famous...unless they are moving into the servants quarters. The odds are good (94%) that you will make less in constant dollars than your parents in your lifetime if you are middle class. You may even be able to buy more stuff then them, due to massively increased credit expansion in the last 30 years, but at the end of your life, you will probably have made less money in constant dollars.  The idea that working harder will move you up is a joke. One has to be brilliant, have a solid idea for a market service or product and be able to get funding. Hard work doesn't cut anything these days (unless you're a nurse). However, there is social upward mobility for those who can meet the requirments of genius, luck and good ideas. In a true class system one could have all of those and be stuck in the class they were born into. My great grand father was a immigrant who worked on a farm who put all of his money into his children's education. My grandfather was one of the few to go to college and he then spent all of his money on my father and his sibling's education. Now I and my family are currently paying the AMT emoticon_xgood . Social mobility exists.   The idea that there is no class sytem in the US is idiotic to say the least. We have a president whose only qualification is that his last name is Bush.  Far more a meritocracy we are. Plutocracy yes though.
The idea that working harder will move you up is a joke. One has to be brilliant, have a solid idea for a market service or product and be able to get funding. Hard work doesn't cut anything these days (unless you're a nurse). However, there is social upward mobility for those who can meet the requirments of genius, luck and good ideas. In a true class system one could have all of those and be stuck in the class they were born into. My great grand father was a immigrant who worked on a farm who put all of his money into his children's education. My grandfather was one of the few to go to college and he then spent all of his money on my father and his sibling's education. Now I and my family are currently paying the AMT emoticon_xgood . Social mobility exists.   Today, if you have genius, luck, and good ideas, what will almost certainly happen is this:  You develop new product You produce and distribute new product Giant mega corporation finds that they own base patent for the concept behind that product You get used You spend everything you have defending yourself You run out of money You loose case. Giant corporation takes your product and remarkets it.   It used to be that we patented "things". Now we patent concepts, which pretty much closes down the whole "innovation" thing for individuals. I have a pretty good example of this. A guy I went to college with came to me a while back with an invention. It was a set top media center (played Mp3s, AVI's, MPEGS, etc.. as well as having DVR capability and several other really cool features). He wanted help developing it for market. After a little research, we found that TIVO owns the concept of a set top DVR, and they refuse to license it in quantities that an upstart development could use. They just finished suing DishNetwork for infringing on their conceptual patent.   SO, the guy has the genius, he has the luck, he has the idea. There is no doubt in my mind that he could have sold several million of his units. Unfortunatly even our patent system is set up now (I don't think it was originally) so only the wealthy and the mega corporations can derive any benifit from it.
Today, if you have genius, luck, and good ideas, what will almost certainly happen is this:  You develop new product You produce and distribute new product Giant mega corporation finds that they own base patent for the concept behind that product You get used You spend everything you have defending yourself You run out of money You loose case. Giant corporation takes your product and remarkets it.   It used to be that we patented "things". Now we patent concepts, which pretty much closes down the whole "innovation" thing for individuals. I have a pretty good example of this. A guy I went to college with came to me a while back with an invention. It was a set top media center (played Mp3s, AVI's, MPEGS, etc.. as well as having DVR capability and several other really cool features). He wanted help developing it for market. After a little research, we found that TIVO owns the concept of a set top DVR, and they refuse to license it in quantities that an upstart development could use. They just finished suing DishNetwork for infringing on their conceptual patent.   SO, the guy has the genius, he has the luck, he has the idea. There is no doubt in my mind that he could have sold several million of his units. Unfortunatly even our patent system is set up now (I don't think it was originally) so only the wealthy and the mega corporations can derive any benifit from it.  Amazon tried (or may have) to patent the idea of "checking out" for an online store. In theory broad ideas like this shouldn't have patents but we gotta have a-holes out there that do this kinda stuff
Amazon tried (or may have) to patent the idea of "checking out" for an online store. In theory broad ideas like this shouldn't have patents but we gotta have a-holes out there that do this kinda stuff  IIRC they DID manage to patent it, but Wal Mart went to court with them and got it reversed.   The problem is that the patent office will grant you a patent for damn near anything. Then it is up to you to defend it. if you are Amazon, or Google, or Wal Mart, or TiVO, you file for whatever you want and know that you can afford to screw anybody who infringes on your insanely overbroad conceptual patent. If you are not a huge multimillion dollar corporate interest, those who have the current insanely overbroad patents just keep you in court until you are broke, then kindly offer to drop their lawsuit and not seek damages if you just sign your patent over to them. People do it because by that point they realize that they can no longer afford to mount a defense, so the alternative is to loose the case, and have not only been wiped out but OWE damages.  This is how we were going to fund the US into the 21st century. We were going to patent everything on the planet with these insanely overborad conceptual patents and then force international companies to honor them. Instead the Chinese, Koreans, indians, and to some extent the Europeans looked at these insanely broad conceptual patents and said "screw that". They simply ignore them. Unfortunatly here in the US we don't have that luxury.
IIRC they DID manage to patent it, but Wal Mart went to court with them and got it reversed.   The problem is that the patent office will grant you a patent for damn near anything. Then it is up to you to defend it. if you are Amazon, or Google, or Wal Mart, or TiVO, you file for whatever you want and know that you can afford to screw anybody who infringes on your insanely overbroad conceptual patent. If you are not a huge multimillion dollar corporate interest, those who have the current insanely overbroad patents just keep you in court until you are broke, then kindly offer to drop their lawsuit and not seek damages if you just sign your patent over to them. People do it because by that point they realize that they can no longer afford to mount a defense, so the alternative is to loose the case, and have not only been wiped out but OWE damages.  This is how we were going to fund the US into the 21st century. We were going to patent everything on the planet with these insanely overborad conceptual patents and then force international companies to honor them. Instead the Chinese, Koreans, indians, and to some extent the Europeans looked at these insanely broad conceptual patents and said "screw that". They simply ignore them. Unfortunatly here in the US we don't have that luxury.  Its a fine line though. China already ignores many of the copyright and patent laws we have. The problem with this is that it limits creative thinking because no one wants to take the time if someone will steal it. But now you can't think of anything new because someone already might have covered it barely. It is like an extreme opposite.   Perhaps they should start a requirement of of exact use of the patented item along with 1-2 yrs to start selling or anyone can use it.   How the amazon patent made it is beyond me. Thats like trying to patent walking.
due to the unexpected levels of cooling caused by aerosol sprays, which reflect heat from the sun.This is from an article I read on it...so if we just get a bunch of aerosol spray cans we can combat any warming emoticon_xgood
:) Yes it is. Understanding what is coming and why is a wonderful thing. The bible is like having access to tomorrows news today. People have been saying that for the last 2000 years. Religious doomsayers are IMO as credible as the Bush administration.
People have been saying that for the last 2000 years. Religious doomsayers are IMO as credible as the Bush administration.  Now now, don't be THAT harsh on the Bush administration. Even they are a tiny bit more credible than the religious doomsayers. ;)
What do you mean continue to increase? Earthquakes and volcanoe eruptions have steadily declined for billions of years, the only reason they may seem like they are becoming more common is because an earthquake in indonesia that kills 20 people actually makes the news now, unlike 30 years ago.  Very true. Just look at all of the flood basalts around the world like the Deccan traps and the Columbia flood basalt, and look at the evidence for megatsunamis and impacts with comets or asteroids (Chicxulub). Things were much more violent in the past. And to add to reasons it seems more common - besides things like that making the news now, there are also several billion more people on the earth, so if something like an earthquke does happen, it hurts a lot more people and destroys a lot more homes (same thing with viruses like Ebola - humans are encroaching on areas they have not been before, and when they encounter new diseases like that they tend to think that "everything is getting worse and happening faster")
Turns out, scientists just found out that over the last 3-4 decades (the term of the Earth's warming since its last cooling) both the Earth and Mars have risen in average temperature 1/2 degrees celcius. Only difference is there are no human carbon emissions on Mars. This is further evidence that leads me to believe that human's impact on global warming is not near as significant as the environmentalist movement harps on and the sun actually has more to do with warming than we do. Anyone's thoughts?  Earth certainly goes through cycles of massive climate change without any human intervention. Question is whether or not human emissions have hastened/added to this
both sides are just pure speculation.
we'd better start shipping bags of ice to the other planets.
This is cool. umgd
There is definitely a controversy between whether or not Global Warming is happening or not. I know that where I live, the year-round temperature is actually getting colder! Anyway, even if Global Warming was a proven fact, nothing should change. We should still be trying to create as little pollution as possible, right? So, what does it matter?
Weather the earth warms or cools there is not much difference in what it would do to our infrastructure.  Climate change could happen faster then our technology and money could compensate for.  The earth&#8217;s climate is changing constantly even without the help of our civilization.  It was called the ice age and glaciers covered a big chunk of North America.  The study of climate change is important.  Even though it contradicts it self it&#8217;s still something we should be keeping a close watch on.
Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase will be caused in the future.  The latest estimate that I heard was : If we institute all of the Cap and Trade provisions in Waxman-Markey, we'll decrease the mean temp by 0.05F by 2050 at a cost of $Trillions.
we know you are a troll.  He's a troll because he's in OZ? Oh wait, aren't YOU in OZ, too? ;)
There is no overriding government interest in climate change that I can see. It would be an awful lot easier in both Britain and the US to rely on coal. Britain has coal for 300 years or more (and considerable marginal oil shales in places like North Somerset), I could see an argument for a tory government 20 years ago not wanting coal from a political point of view, but any government today would rather do without the headache of nimbyism over wind turbines and nuclear power. I don't see an interest for the government in higher energy prices either. Either politicians have genuine concerns about climate change, or they are responding to public concerns about climate change for electoral expediency.   I disagree. There is a huge windfall to be gained by our government (US) in the form of Cap and Trade. Selling CO2 credits is like selling the "ether" that fills the universe. It is a license to print money and our liberal government sees that with crystal clarity.  Additionally, pumping 10's of billion of taxpayer dollars into renewable energy projects creates jobs and keeps politicians in office.  So, it is imperative that Obama and crew sell the idea of AGW to the gullable public in order for him to finance his liberal programs.  I agree that the short term impact of energy saving measures will be cancelled out by growth in China and India, but in 10 years time we need to be able to go to India and China and say, "look, we know it wouldn't be fair to ask you to not develop in order to save the world from the mess we made, but we've cut our contribution as much as possible, here's the tech we've used now can you agree to use this in future and develop more sustainably?" There's already signs of this happening with India asking for development money for a massive photo-voltaic solar plant.   Are you serious? You expect China to curtail its growth in order to "save the world"? That's a lot to ask of a country that has almost zero regard for the environment now.   As for fusion, I don't know enough detail the make a judgement of my own, but I understand that cold fusion is impossible as far as our current knowledge of physics goes, and hot fusion will need to be on a massive scale to produce rather than consume energy, because containing plasma is hugely energy consuming.  I doubt that we'll see a fusion reactor in our lifetime. It would require huge advances in magnetic containment and solving a host of other extreme temperature issues. Breeder reactors seems to be the ticket. You make energy and fuel at the same time. It's a win-win proposition.
The government already has a licence to print money, it doesn't need another one. Besides, if the government raises revenue from CO2 credits instead of other taxation, all it does it alter the tax base. If the government needs more revenue then it's not a bad way of getting it. Governments don't raise taxes to spend on swimming pools and hookers (actually may be they do in the US, the way bills get through congress I wouldn't be surprised to find a "Company for lonely Congressmen" rider attached to the climate change bill) they spend it on infrastructure and helping people (and blowing things up of course).  Most government-run spending programs are inefficient - downright ridiculous. If you think solar and windpower are viable alternatives to our current/future energy needs, you need to lay off the crack pipe. The shear acreage needed for wind and solar farms will requires many states to be covered wall-to-wall with such monstrosities. And never mind that you would have to build in a large overcapacity and include energy storage farms to handle the inherent randomness of wind/sunshine.   Sorry, renewable energy is going to create jobs and so you think this is a bad thing?!  I think any artificially created make-work job is a bad thing. If it makes fiscal sense, the private industry would fund it itself.  That's not what I said, I said we can't expect carbon cuts from China until we can offer them the technology to continue to grow and cut carbon at the same time. It's outrageous for us to expect them to keep their people in poverty before we put a brake on our wasteful lifestyles.  China has no interest in becoming PC. They have sewn up Russian oil with long-term deals and made several other long-term commitments to fossil fuels. And, IMO, they aren't as gullable as The West is.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.  Solar heating of water is already in widespread use in those areas that actually get regular sunlight. I saw many examples of it while in Hawaii, for example. For the rest of us though, especially those of you in foggy England, solar isn't a viable answer.  Additionally, there needs to be a back-up system for when the sun isn't shining...like at night, which occurs on a regular basis. ;)  And as for the land requirements needed for solar farms, I'll dig up the number of thousands of square miles needed based on a study that I read when I get a chance to.  On edit:  The largest solar farm will be 80MW peak and occupy 640 acres - 1 square mile. The US electricity consumption for 2005 was 3,816,000,000 MWh. Assuming 365 days of sunlight at peak output for 12 hours/day, you'd still need 11890 square miles of solar panels to meet US' 2005 demand. Now, if we convert to electic automobiles, we'll need to start building our houses on pontoons in the ocean because there won't be enough land left for houses. ;)  Check my math though, I'm doing this while working.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.  No, he really isn't. Solar and wind require monstrous amounts of land to be feasible.  A 1,000 megawatt facility would require over enormous amounts of land for solar, and even greater for wind.  The NERC is projecting that by 2017, energy consumption in merely the US will be 925GW for summer and 756 GW for winter.  That's "G" as in GIGA.
