If you are ready to take somebody elses life, you'd better be prepared to give your life as well. I don't want some murderer roaming the streets. Plus, the prisons are already over-crowded as it is.
Okay, I don't quite understand this. You say that I am a very immoral person and yet you say you are not being judgmental. Why don't you pick the plank out of your own eye before you start trying to pick the speck out of mine!  Here are some verses right out of the mouth of God:  Numbers 35:16-20 16 " 'If a man strikes someone with an iron object so that he dies, he is a murderer; the murderer shall be put to death. 17 Or if anyone has a stone in his hand that could kill, and he strikes someone so that he dies, he is a murderer; the murderer shall be put to death. 18 Or if anyone has a wooden object in his hand that could kill, and he hits someone so that he dies, he is a murderer; the murderer shall be put to death.19 The avenger of blood shall put the murderer to death; when he meets him, he shall put him to death. 20 If anyone with malice aforethought shoves another or throws something at him intentionally so that he dies 21 or if in hostility he hits him with his fist so that he dies, that person shall be put to death; he is a murderer. The avenger of blood shall put the murderer to death when he meets him.
The verses I quoted were SAID BY GOD! I quoted them specifically because you guys only believe things that are said by God.
Dsa posted some figures on the old forum saying that less people end up dying if the death penalty is kept in place.
So what you are saying is that after Christ died on the cross, the entire Old Testament became "irrevelant"? Jesus came as an ultimate sacrifice so that our sins could be "put to death" on the cross so that we wouldn't have to make sacrifices, etc. He did not die on the cross so that he could abolish the penalty for murder. Here is a verse from Genesis 9:6 "Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made man." The Bible doesn't go against the death penalty, it supports it.   fallingupwards: Jesus is not against the death penalty. So what if he said to "turn the other cheek". Did he say "If a man kills another man, give the murderer mercy"? No! When he says to turn the other cheek, he means that if somebody is rude to you, mocks you, etc. don't be rude back to them. Show them God's love and mercy. He didn't say that if they killed you you should "turn the other cheek".
Calligirl, you got guts to be slugging it out here all alone. I'm glad I'm able to show up to lend a little assistance, albeit delayed.  first of, guys, since you want to only look at the new testament, I'll ask you to turn to Romans 13. Read it. Especially verse 4:   "For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil."  Last time I checked, a sword was used primarily to take life.   all the refrences you give from Jesus are his commands for our personal lives... he in no way meant for those to be the rules of government. Here in Romans, we see that the sword is borne by the State to execute God's wrath upon the evil doers. I suppose if we take you guys seriously, you will also say that we shouldn't give the police guns. After all, shouldn't they "turn the other cheek?" hmmm?
Cool Hand~  Do you deny that Christ is one with God the Father? I suspect not. Therefore I would like to know how you explain God killing many people Korah, the Israelites in the wilderness, etc. Those were certainly not metophorical.
Thistown~  I seem to be missing the time when "Jesus Christ told us point blank that capitol punishment was downright evil." Would you please enlighten me! Just remember to keep the context intact. :)
Context my friend, you forgot the context.  As Patriot pointed out, Christ was talking about the people's personal lives when he said that they should "turn to him (the one who smote him) the other [cheek] also."  Jesus did not seek out the woman taken in adultery, she was brought to Him. When the Pharisees brought her they did so, "tempting him, that they might have to accuse him." We also don't know what he wrote in the sand.  And because Christ forgave the men that unjustly killed him does not conclusivly show that He was against the death penalty.
ok guys, a more extensive reply is on the way, but first i have to ask you anti-capital punishment guys this:   If we take your arguments to their logical extreme, we must then say that ANY FORM of ANY punishment is immoral. Is that what you are saying?   thanks
Like American said, the "turn the other cheek" verse only applies to our personal lives.  Jesus said:   Matthew 5:17-18 "Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished."   If Jesus did not come to abolish the Law, then the Law must still be true. Part of the Law was in Genesis 9:6 "Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made man." Therefore, we can reason that Jesus was not against the death penalty.  fallingupwards:  The Bible did not say that a child should be killed if they "talked back to their parents". Read the verse again:  Exodus 21:17 "Anyone who curses his father or mother must be put to death."  Definition of curse: a prayer or invocation for harm or injury to come upon one. Basically that means putting a curse on someone. Yeah, I'd say that deserves death.
Exodus 21: When you buy a Hebrew slave he shall serve for 6 years.  Read the whole verse, not just part of it. "If you buy a Hebrew servant, he is to serve you for six years. But in the seventh year, he shall go free." Slavery back then was completely different then it is now. This debate is not about slavery it is about the death penalty, stick with the subject.   When a man sells his daughter as a slave....  Sorry, but the verse says "servant", not slave. Two completely different things.  There is no need to go on, read Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Dueteronomy. Jesus didn't abolish the law of the prophets, he changed them as necessary when one goes from bearing the full weight of one's sins on their shoulders to having a sviour do it for you.  He didn't even "change" the Law. Because he didn't need to! Read again: "I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, NOT THE SMALLEST LETTER, NOT THE LEAST STROKE OF A PEN, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished." None of the law changed.   And that is the biggest cop-out I have ever heard. Like I said, when Jesus saved the adulterous woman he wasn't appealing to personal lives, he was going against the law of the day. It was these men's "duty" under Roman law to put this woman away. but Jesus stopped them. Both of you know this.  He wasn't "going against the law of the day". He was simply telling the pharisees that they were not guiltless, so they shouldn't go around judging people. The adultress did not kill anyone, she committed adultry.  And Patriot I believe tha Jesus believed in punsihment, but I think he believed in CONSTRUCTIVE punishment, and the death penalty is anything but destrutive.  Why isn't the death penalty constructive? It scares people away from murdering someone. If there weren't any consequences for murder, the crime rate would definitely go up.  And Calli, a fundamental part of being a Christian is sharing with others. Tell me how this works because I don't quite see it. A man sins (murder), we know that he needs help, he is apparently far from God and since it is our mission to tell him about what he could be outside of himself...we kill him, never give him a chance to change, completely and instantly banish him to an eternity in Hell so that we humans can have our primitive neanderthal sense of vengeance fulfilled. Who are you to make that Judgement?  We never give them a chance? Guess what happens when people are in prison(or on death row)? Pastors and Ministers come and talk to them and ask them if they want God's forgiveness. I don't quite see how that is not sharing. "Instantly"? Most death row cases take many years to be judged. In one case it took them 21 years before the murderer was finally killed. I don't call that "instantly". I don't make that judgment, the judicial system does. Genesis 9:6 "Whoever sheds the blood of man, BY MAN shall his blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made man."
Ok, I'm gonna try to parry every point made against the death penalty from my first post to this one: Cool Hand Dave was the first to respond to my post. In it he claims that the sword spoken of in Romans 13 is a metaphor... I agree. But I think it means God gives the civil government the power to punish the people it protects up to the use of that sword. Not every crime is punishable by death (except from God himself.) What is the sword a metaphor for, Dave? Jurisdiction maybe? Authority perhaps?  Next up is thistownwilleat. Thistownwilleat attempts to belittle my reference to Paul by saying he is an inferior source! God spoke through Balaam's XXX. Why do you deny that he's speaking through Paul? Is Paul just giving us his opinion? I think not. Next, thistownwilleat says, "Paul was writing to the people under the law of the Romans. He states that "these authorities that exist have been instated under God." This statement does not span the ages. Surely you don't believe that Cambodian, Nazi Germany, Iraqian, and Somalian Governments were instated by God and his servant in government. He was addressing a particular people in a particular time. He was telling them to keep in line." First, I will point out to you that God judged Germany rather harshly... the other governments are either 1) punishment for the people, and 2) awaiting their imminent demise. But we have wandered far from the point. Thistownwilleat's point is that Romans 13 is not applicable! I'm afraid we cannot adopt such a subjective attitude when it comes to the Bible. This is the Word of God, and it is timeless. To finish it off, thistownwilleat says, "Paul's word is truly great, but he is only Paul." Apparantly, thistownwilleat acknowleges that Paul was great but is unable to give any substance to Paul's words, found in Romans 13.   One post down, thistownwilleat says "Bottom Line: Before the coming of Jesus Christ our sins were not accounted for, the sentence was to die, there was no forgiveness. Upon the death of Jesus this Old Law changed, we could seek atonement without a lamb or a dove. It's called the new law." I agree we now can seek atonement without a lamb or dove. That doesn't mean that the rules have changed! 10 commandments are no longer relevant, I suppose! I'm sure that thistownwilleat makes no such claim, but that is what I infer.  In the same post, thistownwilleat also says "And here is another thing: you're not God. Neither is the government. Just because God does something doesn't mean that we can. That's just common sense. You are trying to put yourself on the same level as God, "well he killed people, so I can to". You and I both know that's wrong. He has his reasons that you and I can't even begin to comprehend, who are we kidding when we think we can say who deserves to live and die.  Sure God has the right to kill people, he is God after all. But Jesus Christ told us point blank that capitol punishment was downright evil. And you can't dispute that." Thistownwilleat (this is getting repetitious, any suggestions on how I can cut it down, friend? :D) reminds us that God is supreme. God can do things that no one else is allowed to do. I assume that thistownwilleat agrees that all power comes from God. "There is no power but of God." (Rom. 13) Therefore, God has the ability to delegate that power. Which he did in Genesis 9:6 "Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made man." (as calligirl has previously stated.) I realize that thistownwilleat doesn't acknowledge the legitimacy of the Old Testament, but I was using this as an example of when God delegated his authority to someone else. Thistownwilleat, and others, are correct when they say that we cannot find a place where Jesus says, "Governments, Kill murderers." However, it was unnecessary. Also as calligirl mentioned (she is stealing all my best points :D), Jesus said,  "17 Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. 18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. 19 Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven."  Therefore, unless Jesus says something to the contrary, we may assume that the rules of government still apply. In fact, in vs. 19, thistownwilleat, you will notice that Jesus issues a condemnation of anyone who breaks, or teaches others to break, the law shall be called the least in the Kingdom of heaven. Thistownwilleat, my earnest advice to you is that you study this issue out very carefully before you say that one of God's commandments in the Old Testament is void.
In response to American's request to "please enlighten me," thistownwilleat said this: "  You have heard it said, an eye for an eye, but I tell you RESIST THIS EVIL, and turn then the other cheek."  Summary: You've always been told an eye for an eye, but I say that it is evil. I'll even prove it and save this woman who should be executed under the Old Law, yes she should be executed but since Christianity is about love and forgiveness and seeing as how much I hate the death penalty I'm going to stand up and face an angry mob of men with stones alone. As if this isn't enough my very last words before I died were to forgive the men who killed me.   The story wouldn't have quite been the same if Jesus's last words were, "Father, make sure they are dealt with accordingly. An eye for an eye."  Again, Jesus is talking to us, not the Government! The government has different rules. If the government was run on the basis of "turning the other cheek" America would not be America. Such a state of disorder cannot be what God intended. Thistownwilleat forgot to include the citation for the passage he quoted. It is Matthew 5:38-39. Unfortunately, this verse has nothing to do with Jesus' forgiveness of the adulterous woman. That passage is found in John 8. Thistownwilleat, you are becoming an unreliable source, which I'm sure is not your intention. In addition to that error, you have misquoted the verse. The verse in it's unabridged entirety says, "Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth: 39 But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." Jesus didn't say that the eye for eye deal was evil... he was instructing us personally to not resist evil.  After American's next response, thistownwilleat says this:   Oh I'm not saying that the govenrment should do away with the death penalty on these grounds, I'm saying that Christian people should oppose it, you said it yourself. In the personal life of a Christian, we turn the other cheek. And I think that there is no question that Jesus was against the death penalty. You show me one place where he even hints that he's not. So far all I've heard is Old Testament and Paul.  If anything, this is a case against personal self-defense, not the government's act of justice. I fail to see how this proves that "there is no question that Jesus was against the death penalty." Thistownwilleat, please show me where Christ says that he IS against the death penalty! In black and white, I want it to say, "oh, btw, no more death penalty." You will be unable to come up with such a passage.   Also I wish to add another correction to thistownwilleat's post. He said: "Roman law said she should be put to death, Jesus said no, that law is wrong." It wasn't Roman law that was being questioned, it was the law of the Pharisees.   Now we break into new ground with fallingupward's post. Falling says:  american, would Jesus take anyone's life? no. Jesus was against the death penalty.  why do conservative christians read and follow the words of paul more than the words of Christ?  Perhaps the correct question is, Why do liberal Christians disregard the Old Testament? Is it because they cannot reconcile their positions unless they ignore it? Why don't THEY read and follow God's Word through Paul? Is it because they cannot reconcile their postitions with what is said by Paul?  After my post, we have calligirl's, and then thistownwilleat again. This time, thistownwilleat conceeds that "Jesus didn't abolish the law of the prophets, he changed them as necessary when one goes from bearing the full weight of one's sins on their shoulders to having a sviour do it for you." How is this inconsistant with the death penalty? Thistownwilleat doesn't specify. Later in the post, thistownwilleat answers one of my previous questions:   And Patriot I believe tha Jesus believed in punsihment, but I think he believed in CONSTRUCTIVE punishment, and the death penalty is anything but destrutive.  My friend, when you sin, you may become a Christian afterwards... but that doesn't free you from the consequences of your bad choices before! You still have to pay the price. The government isn't "playing God..." God commanded them to do this! Again, I must point you to Romans 13. In that chapter, Paul calls rulers the ministers of God. They are God for us here on earth.   In closing, I would like to quote a portion from Gary DeMar's excellent book, God and Government Vol. 1, a Biblical and Historical Study. This selection is found on page 98 of this book:   "The Sermon on the Mount is often interpreted as Jesus' reappraisal of the Old Testament system of law rather than as an evaluation of the application of the law as it was interpreted by the Pharisees. This can be demonstrated by a study of a very familiar, and frequently misunderstood, passage of Scripture. 'You have heard that it was said, "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." But I say to you, do not resist him who is evil; but whoever slaps you on your right cheek, turn to him the other also." (Matthew 5:38-39.) Is Jesus abrogating the law as it is found in Exodus 21:24? Not at all! Rather, He is correcting the Pharisaical misuse of the law. This law as it was originally given served as a standard for the civil authorities in administering civil law. It was not meant to apply to individuals wishing to claim private judgement. 'An eye for an eye" is not to be used as a liscense for revenge. The Old Testament applies the principle of 'an eye for an eye' to the courtroom, 'as the judges decide' (Exodus 21:22; cf. Romans 12:18f.). So then, as we read the gospels, we should expect Jesus to uphold the validity of the law as it pertains to civil government."     I'll try to keep "religion" out of this, thistownwilleat, but unfortunately my beliefs permeate every area of my philosophy. But I will try... :D
Sorry for taking your best points, Patriot! :D (I am debating with 4 or 5 evolutionists right now so I won't be able to post here for a while.) Keep up the good fight! :)
LOL falling! Would either side really enjoy it if the other wasn't putting up a "good fight"? More on the subject later, but I have to work today. So I'll see you guys later!:D
Back again!  Falling, I never said that I valued Paul's word over that of Jesus. I just fail to see a conflict between the two. We both agree that Jesus changed things when he came... but he didn't change everything. Therefore, I think we may logically infer that if Christ didn't instruct us to change it, it stays the same! Hence my advocacy of the death penalty.  I think you also misinterpret Paul, falling. However, this is not the place to do that. If you'd like to discuss the merit's of Paul's teaching, start a thread in "Religion" and I'll discuss it with you there.  And hey man, no offense! I get a little hot myself sometimes.   Thistownwilleat, you are correct when you assess what my argument revolves around. I think there is a difference. I'll try to explain:  When Jesus is telling us to turn the other cheek, he is telling us to not personally seek revenge. This would advocate the view that says Christians shouldn't seek to defend themselves. I think there is a major difference between me shooting someone who attacks me and the government executing someone. I cannot lay a finger on this person myself. But the government is empowered by God to do so. (you already have all the O.T. references, you don't need them again.)  I also agree with your assessment of the O.T. when you say, "I don't discredit the Old Testament...but when the laws of the Old Testament come in direct conflict with the direct words of Jesus Christ, I go with the man that God created implicitly as an example, to show us the way when we are confused." Let me choose an example we both agree on: animal sacrifice. Christ replaced the need for animal blood to forgive our sins, cause His blood took it's place. I hold that the Old Testament DOESN'T go against the words of Christ here... specifically because they address two different areas of government. One is self-government, and the other is civil government. That is the distinction.   "How do you know? You accuse me of misinterpretation and then spout off whatever pops into your mind with absolutely NO biblical base. And what state of disorder do you speak of? Do you honestly that America would fall to anarchy and chaos if we did away with the death penalty? Life in prison is not exactly going to bring out a state of disorder."  I did not say that if we did away with the death penalty all by itself we'd fall into a state of anarchy... I said if the civil government was run on the basis of "turning the other cheek," we'd fall into a state of anarchy. What I mean is, that NO punishment would be legitimate. Therefore, the laws would be unenforceable. Therefore, there is no external encouragment to obey them. That, I believe, is anarchy. I'm sorry if I inadequately represented my point, and made you believe I was "spout[ing] off whatever pops into [my] mind."  "Oh, and thank you for pointing out that the adulterous woman and the "you have heard it said an eye for an eye..." were seperate...unfortunately I never made any references that they were together, or had anything to do with each other other than the fact that both showed Jesus's feelings toward the death penalty. So check up on things a little more next time before you start throwing around blind accusations."  Hmmm unfortunately, I inferred that you thought they were together because you used them together. My mistake. But you're welcome. I was glad to point it out. I'll do my best to not "throw around blind accusations."  "Why do you pick and choose what you think is applicable from the old testament? The things that you find relevant and useful are legitimate and you ignore the rest. If it works for your argument, fine, if it doesn't forget about it (as you did in my earlier post)."  What Old Testament part from your last post did I ignore? I really truly detest people who pick and choose things from the Bible, and since I seek to NOT be a hypocrite, I really try to see the whole counsel of God on a matter. I was unaware of any Old Testament passage that remotely infers that the death penalty is illegitimate.   "My friend, when you sin, you may become a Christian afterwards... but that doesn't free you from the consequences of your bad choices before! You still have to pay the price." - Patriot  Whoa, whoa my friend. yes it does. We call it the forgiveness of God."  You are saying there is NO consequences? God forgives us of the eternal consequences, but there are still temporal consequences. For instance, if you were a heavy drinker before salvation, you don't automatically get a new liver when you are saved. Or if you did drugs, that doesn't change the fact that there are consequences for doing drugs.   "And you speak of making a stretch, that guy DeMar quote is borderline delusional. How many assumptions does it require?"  None? Did you read the citations? Perhaps my selection was wrong. I advise you to read the book, even if you don't agree with it. DeMar says what I want to say, only I don't have to type it.   "OK, I believe that Paul was inspired by God, but still a human, you believe in a possession of sorts and that God literally spoke through Paul. Does God believe that women are infererior, should stay quite in church services, and should generally not leave the home? I think not. I believe that Paul was human, and being so he poured some of his flaws into his writings."  God does NOT believe that women are inferior, and neither did Paul. If you wish to discuss that, however, I'll have to ask that you take it to another thread.   I'll use this opportunity that I believe that the whole Bible is the inspired Word of God. Remember, even the words of Jesus were recorded by men. If we take your logic about "pouring flaws into writing" then how do we know that they didn't pour flaws into their writing? I have to either believe the whole Bible, or not believe it at all.   "Oh and I guess I am getting a little repititous, maybe it's because no one has answered anything. You skirt and evade."  Hehe I was going to say the same thing. :D I thought I was answering your points rather well! I'm sorry if I didn't, I am really trying to.   And last of all, I'll defend Calligirl. Why do you think she is "self-righteous"? Maybe she was just encouraging me?
"Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." Matthew 5:17-19.   Words of Jesus. The death penalty was included in that "law."
Falling, you tell me what he's saying! there isn't that much room to maneuver! I have read those punishments. However, Jesus said what He said. How can you pick and choose? I don't think that's an option. do you think Jesus is saying that He doesn't support the Law? Or He just doesn't support all of it? Which parts does he support? How do you discern that?
For those interested, I've created a thread for this debate under "Religion."  http://www.youdebate.com/vBulletin/showthread.php?s=&threadid=118
Why does Religion have a place? The ACLU tells me that our laws weren't mainly derived from the Bible.   Most scholars would tell you that Christianity is based more around what Paul said and did.
Why is religion in this debate? Simply because that's how I decide whether something is good or bad. That is how we allowed our religion to seep into this. (I assume the same is true with thistownwilleat and falling) It doesn't matter to me if the laws weren't originally derived from the Bible or not, that is how I'll decide if they have merit or not.   :D
They said prayer on the school announcements today. I'm surprised the ACLU didn't show up yet.   But we aren't supposed to use religion to decide laws...
Ok, Now i have some questions for you people:  what is death row for?   Are there less appeals for people w/ life sentances than those who may get death?   These are honest questions, I actually don't know the answers.   Thx
you mean the courts decide who gets to appeal and who doesn't?! Already I'm not liking the sound of that...  If that's all the reasoning there is for death row, there shouldn't be a death row.
I don't know about the appeals... i just assumed everyone who appealed got another hearing, but of course that's nonsense.   About death row... when the guy (or gal) has pleaded as much as possible, and still has the death sentance, it should be carried out immediately. If someone has been sentanced to death, there is no need to subject them to months of waiting to die. A week at the most.
Lets just say that we do go to war and we get nucleared!!!! The prisoners in for life have the right to run for their lives. Anyone ever see Escape From Newyork? I think god should be the one who decides when and how a life leaves this earth. but as calligirl said in page 1 or 2... if you take one you should be prepared to give one. I wouldnt want there being ANY CHANCE AT ALL of a man put in prison for, lets say raping my kid, or beating my grandma to death, to breathe outside bars. If they have done something bad enough to have earned themselves the death penalty,then that means that society doesnt want that person to ever, no matter what do it again! Calligirl, the jails are overcrowded? That was kind of harsh.
I HOPE that's not what sarablaze is saying.
Im saying that if they are in jail for say....murdering someone. If they are alive anywhere in the world.....even jail, there is a chance they could do it again. I was just making the circumstances realistic for you. It is possible! Now, another fact you seem to be overlooking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What about the people they have harmed?????? or killed????????? God gave us our lives and he gave them to us for a GOOD reason. I know the eye for an eye statement is wrong. The reason the prisoner killed a person is pointless, the point is that they ended the life of one of god's children. There is NO reason, or exscuse for killing someone. If theyv'e done it once, they are OBVIOUSLY capable of doing it again. Honestly I feel bad saying it this way, but Im still ganna say it! I would rather have justice be done than to give a rapist the chance to grab another little girl or a murderer to have the chance to kill an innocent person I might know or care about. I would rather have them sit in a cell and think about what they have done, and hopefully rehabilitate and do something productive for society, but what about the one who holds on to his ways just happens to get out someday and repeats his crime?Hold on......let me breathe........
I seemed to have controed myself. there is no reason to end a life. If someone keeps killing and killing and killing, we need to stop him from taking lives. Yeah lock em up! What if they start killing the other inmates?  There are a lot of people in jail for cold blooded murder, who did not get the death penalty. So if you do get the death penalty you must have really earned it. When someone gets the death penalty, they probrobly did more than just kill. There are mothers who have killed there 3 month old baby by shaking them to death or bashing their head into a wall. and they are sitting in jail and are not getting the death penalty. Personaly it XXXXXX me off when it comes to someone harming a child, so Ill stop with that before I really blow up.
Didnt I say that?????????
I've been through what most people debate about. They're as tight with security as a high school is with there security.
Concur with the anti-death penalty side there. The possibility of escapes, even if moderate, shouldn't torpedo this system if it is right.
Question for patriot, what about prisoners who harm or murder other prisoners, how good was the security with that? Im not being a smart a$$, Im seriously asking.
Sarablaze~  I'm pro-death penalty. I was saying, if the death penalty wasn't legit, and life imprisonment was actually the righteous thing to do, the concern of escapes shouldn't keep us from doing what's right.   Since I'm pro-death penalty, I'll also have to mention that I'm anti-prison system (except as a holding tank for felons awaiting trial.) So in my worldveiw the chances of escape are basically nonexistant.   However, since we have a prison system, I think that if a prisoner kills another, he's guilty of murder. However, if the punishment for that is life imprisonment... big deal. It'd sure serve as an incentive to not get yourself tossed in jail for ANYTHING, though, now wouldn't it?
After what you said I think I can say this...If there is someone in for life, sharing a cell with a man who's about to be released in the near future, and he kills him,he will still just have life in prison.
I am so sorry, patriot, my question was for thistown. lol
Weapons or no weapons, it happens, and it happens more often than you think. the gaurds do not stand in the cells with them while they sleep.
Did you even read what i said??? Im saying that the reason for the death penalty is to make sure they dont do it again, even to other prisoners. The reason you get the death penalty is because you yourself are a big risk to others if you are alive, no matter where you are alive. Now Im repeating myself! Question to Falling: Do you think john wayne gacy should have been able to live after what he did?
ROTFLOL!! Now that IS unforgivable, mistaking me for thistown or vice versa! :D j/k
sarablaze: What I meant is that the jails are overcrowed with guilty men who have been waiting for up to 40 YEARS just to die. They are taking up useful space. I would want to go quickly, anyhow. (Would you want to think about dying for 40 years?)
The way that you said it caught me, sorry calli, you're right, I wouldn't!
Question to Falling: Do you think john wayne gacy should have been able to live after what he did?
The death penalty was established so families would not fued for generations. It is a fair law and the punishment should fit the crime.  The death penalty is definitely beneficial to society, if it is carried out. Society today allows the criminal more rights than the victims. Illinois just allowed 167 death row inmates released from death row. Just in case one of them might not be guilty. I say, what about the other 166 that are guilty?  What does this say to the families that lost loved one to horrible murders? It says our government is not concerned about fairness anymore. They are concerned about getting re-elected, period.
Every system has its flaws. Does that mean that we should abolish every system? The fact that some one on death row was innocent doesn\'t mean that we should set all of the death row inmates free. Our system is obviously working well right now, why get rid of it?
I agree with peach, and calli!
I think it\'d be a good idea if we went back to the "2 or more witnesses" standard. There would be virtually no chance for abuse if the word of 2 or more witnesses to the act was required before the person was sentanced to death.
Wrong, wrong, wrong!! To sacrifice one for the sake of many! That can work both ways.  Yes, our system is flawed. But why do we go through all the court and trial and jury deciding the death penalty is the punishment and then repute it later? If a jury finds a person guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and the death penalty is issued, it should be carried out promptly! That is the system which is flawed. The judicial system, dirty lawyers, everyone wanting to make a name for themselves. That system needs to be revamped and corrected.   My mind will not change, when a person is found guilty and given the death penalty it should be carried out promptly, like within six months. Years and years of appeals dragging through the system. DNA disproving their guilt. (unless your OJ) Nonsense!  Until our current system is changed, it needs to be followed.  You cant just change laws and court decisions to possibly save ONE who just MIGHT not be guilty.  We need to be consistent with ourselves in order to survive.
I am pro death penalty. After the person's case is thoroughly investigated, and they are guilty, the death penalty should stay.  The system should do this before they sentence, true, but if we try everyone's case a second time....... that is just impossible.
I refer yet again to the "two or more" witness rule. This rule says that you have to have 2 or more witnesses to the crime to put the person to death. Under that rule, no one but the guilty could possibly be condemned.
Patriot, what about the horrible crimes that sre commited, and there are no witnesses?
What about them? Are you worried they will be unpunished? Or are you worried about an unwitnessed crime being committed against you?
Im worrying about ther being an unwitnessed crime committed against me. If I go to court, or if a loved one goes(incase the guy killed me or something):p I would want for him to get the right sentencing. I would feel violated of MY rights (or i'd just be dead) if he wasn't.
Your questions caused me to remember some relevant passages of Scripture: Numbers chapter 35 and Exodus 21:12-14. So I believe I'll have to modify my original position somewhat. The elders of the cities of refuge seem empowered to judge in cases that aren't clear cut, i.e., ones that don't have 2 or more witnesses.   The reason I cite Scripture is because that's where I get my "2 or more" witness rule.
Good, that means your faith is strong!:)
What about if the person killed someone? Their victum had the SAME right!
Every execution discourages 15 murders.
TY broker
Dsa said that in the old forum... he's pretty good with reliable information.
That 90 million would probably get cut from their budget so Davis can fix his gigantic deficit. Not blaming him for his deficit so much either.
Approaching this from a mathematical perspective, how many people could be saved with the money that could be saved by doing away with the death penalty? What could the California police department do with the extra 90 million dollars a year funding if the death penalty was done away with?  No death penalty = less prison space = more money spent on building new prisons = no money saved   The amount of people in the prisons would quickly build up and we would have to build more prisons. People can live for about 80 years so you\'re going to have them rotting in jail for quite a while. Getting rid of the death penalty would ultimately not be more cost effective.
No death penalty = less prison space = more money spent on building new prisons = no money saved    Death penalty cases cost way more because they usual go through a series of costly appeals. Of course, throughout this process, the convicted person is sitting in jail anyways.
Absolutely. However, that problem isn\'t the death penalty. Rather, it\'s the justice system.
Yes, but until we can fix the justice system, we should cut down on the amount of death penalties being given out.
What is keeping you from changing the justice system now? Those statstics of wjim\'s are enough to show you need reform.
According to Dsa on the old forum every person put to death discourages 15 murders.
I apprieciate your analogy jim. However, it seems that stopping the death penalty is an unecessary step. Why not just work to reform the justice system, instead of working to stop the death penalty, then working to reform the justice system, and THEN working to reinstitute the death penalty.
I am all for the death penalty. If a person takes a life they shold give their life. I am tired of seeing people on death row for 20 or 30 years before they are put to death. Get it done and over with in a reasonable amount of time...like five years. That way the guilty party hase his/her chance to file their upteenth appeal and the tax payers wont spend millions on each case keeping the person alive and paying for their public defender.
The death penalty is Biblically justifiable. "Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man." - Genesis 9:6 "And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death." - Leviticus 24:17 (also 24:21) "....the murderer shall surely be put to death." - Numbers 35:16-18 Just a few clear references on murder. Are we talking about what crimes are justifiably punished by death, or merely the validity of capital punishment as a Biblical measure?
I think we should establish a basic premise or two here, to clarify the whole issue.  1. One's view of the validity of the Bible as the inspired, infallible Word of God will dictate their view on the applicablity of the laws. Do you, or do you not believe that (a.) the Bible is inspired by God, and that (b.) the Bible is absolutely infallible from end to end of both the Old and New Testaments?   If your answer to either of the above questions is "No", then you will never understand or agree with the positions of anyone who answers "Yes". If your answer to both the questions is "Yes", then it follows that   2. You must believe that God said nothing without reason, that all Scripture is truth, and that, till heaven and earth pass, the entire law is either applicable to us today, or has been fulfilled (Matt. 5:17-18).   If you agree with both the above premises, then we're on the same page and can debate intelligently. (And I don't mean "nitpick over the tiny and utterly irrelevant facets", either, Thistown :).) I don't believe in picking and choosing acceptable doctrines from the Bible, and so must believe that there is a reasonable explanation for any confusion.   There are two types of law in the Old Testament, civil and ceremonial. Civil law dealt with, naturally, the civil government of the Israelites, and ceremonial law with the religious affairs of the nation. As has been elsewhere pointed out, Israel was a theocracy, with God as their sole head and leader. The entire law is an illustration of his perfect justice. Civil law was designed to empower earthly judges to exercise judgment on wrongdoers. Ceremonial law was designed to regulate the system of priests, Levites, sacrifices and offerings that centered around the Tabernacle (and later the Temple) and was God's prescribed means of gaining his favor before Christ's sacrificial death. It did also prescribe punishments for religious sins, not connected with the civil government. Every aspect of this sacred system was a type of some greater and more perfect thing which was to come. I won't cite examples now, for space' sake. I can, but if you've come this far, you probably understand. The pivotal point here is: The reason ceremonial law no longer applies to us today is that it was fulfilled by Christ. This fulfillment, symbolized by the rending in two of the veil of the Temple after Christ died, was once and for all.  Civil law, on the other hand, cannot have been finally fulfilled by anyone at any time. It must therefore, according to Christ, have not yet passed away.  Most of the verses you have cited, Thistown, are ceremonial law. Anything related to uncleaness, admission into the house of the Lord, and all other religious sins classify as ceremonial, applicable only to Old Testament Jews (and New Testament Jews up until Christ's death) and fulfilled by Christ's shedding of blood.  A few of your other verses dealt with the treatment of the enemies of Israel. You must apply all relevant Scriptures if you wish to come to a proper understanding. Exodus 23:20-33 and Numbers 33:50-56 and just two places where the Lord's plans concerning the Israelites and their enemies are made clearer. We need not debate why this was God's plan, or whether it does or does not seem right to us, but I hope we can agree that, as these passages are clearly not meant to apply to us today, so other verses dealing specifically with the enemies of Israel have already been fulfilled in history.  Another portion of the verses you brought out are civil and do apply to us today. Yes, I will say that I believe laws punishing deliberate immoral acts are perfectly just and right. You must, of course, apply the whole code, which requires witnesses and abundant proof. The simple reason that Matthew 5:28 is not relevant to this discussion is because the law, rightfully, makes no provision for unprovable, unwitnessable mental sins.  As far the controversial incident in John 8:1-11, I will merely voice the questions that immediately come to my mind: As the incarnate Son of God, Christ was the only person who ever had or ever will have the power to forgive sins; who are we to question his use of that power? Where in the passage does it once even faintly indicate that Jesus did not believe the execution of the woman to be perfectly just and right?   I hope I have addressed all the issues that have been raised here, but even if I haven't, I believe this differentiation between types of law to be the key to interpreting the entire Mosaic law.   Thus, for certain sins the death penalty is fully Biblically justified.
God is a big killer in bible !  God has slaughtered lots of people a few times because human have sins !
Is it worth executing a few innocents to keep capital punishment? How many? 1 in 10, 1 in 100 or 1 in 1000?  Personally, I am in favor of executing kidnappers (or rapists) that kill. There is a point when a person kidnaps (I assume) that they must decide to kill or not. If they don't kill they risk being identified by the victim.   Personally I am more interested in the deterrent effect of capital punishment over the punishment aspect.  Any thoughts?
If we were knowingly executing innocent people, it would be one thing. But the people we execute have been found guilty in a court of law, and are given the opportunity of 8 (i think it is 8) appeals. If after all of this an innocent person slips through the cracks and is executed, so be it. It is tragic, but overall I think the system works well the way it is. I think the deterent benefit of capitol punishment is far too valuable to throw away for rare instances of innocents being executed. Does anyone have any reliable information about how many people have been executed and were later found to be not guilty? I have never found any figures that I would consider to be reliable.
Easy for you to say, would you feel differently if it was you or, maybe your mother who slipped "through the cracks" in the system?  The point is, I think the benefits outweigh the cost. Yes, an innocent person may be executed once in a while, but we do not do it intentionally, we only execute those who have been found guilty in a court of law and lost all of their appeals. As far as me, I'll take my chances, I think the odds are in my favor. Again, does anyone have any facts of how often an innocent person is executed? Do we know how many have already been executed?
 Actually from what I've seen capital punishment has never been an affective deterent.   This is what I have been hearing; there is no evidence of deterrence. If that is the case I am against Capital Punishment. I have gone back and forth on it many times, so next week (or year) I may go back. Does anyone have any evidence?  Sundowner, I have no evidence of innocents executed. BUT, there have been many death row cases overturned or commuted sentences recently because of DNA evidence. It makes you wonder how many would have been executed before the DNA evidence has been used.  Is anyone in favor of "punishment" as compared to deterrence?  If someone were to torture and kill one of my kids, I don't think killing them would be punishment enough. Let me torture them before they die; now that would be punishment. But what if the guilty person were later found innocent. Should I then get to torture and kill the next person convicted of the same crime?  I really want these criminals removed from society. I really don't care if they are killed or not unless there is a real deterrence. But what would the acceptable rate of innocents killed be. Eventually, it will happen, if not already.  Most Libertarians don't trust the government, and I think most are against capital punishment. Most of my life I have been against it too.
This is what I have been hearing; there is no evidence of deterrence. If that is the case I am against Capital Punishment. I have gone back and forth on it many times, so next week (or year) I may go back. Does anyone have any evidence?  Sundowner, I have no evidence of innocents executed. BUT, there have been many death row cases overturned or commuted sentences recently because of DNA evidence. It makes you wonder how many would have been executed before the DNA evidence has been used.  Is anyone in favor of "punishment" as compared to deterrence?  If someone were to torture and kill one of my kids, I don't think killing them would be punishment enough. Let me torture them before they die; now that would be punishment. But what if the guilty person were later found innocent. Should I then get to torture and kill the next person convicted of the same crime?  I really want these criminals removed from society. I really don't care if they are killed or not unless there is a real deterrence. But what would the acceptable rate of innocents killed be. Eventually, it will happen, if not already.  Most Libertarians don't trust the government, and I think most are against capital punishment. Most of my life I have been against it too.    We have some major flaws in our legal system. The first and foremost legal flaw is that American prisoners are American people and thus are granted first ammendment American rights. This means that murderers who don't get birthday cakes, a basketball court, tv, and a turkey for Thanksgiving go crying cruel and unusual punishment and then they get it.  I've heard that the average cost of living of a capital punishment prisoner is appoximately $25,000.00 a year paid for by us.  It's really bad when murderers on deathrow in Mexico are calling murderers on deathrow in America p*****s and want to transfer here.     LEVIATHAN
I would be willing to bet that you think odds are in your favor because you are an Anglo American male. Check this out: http://www.justicedenied.org/executed.htm. Or this http://www.innocenceproject.org/.  You sure about that? I don't remember ever mentioning my race / ethnic origin.
"A shocking recent death penalty study of 4,578 cases in a twenty-three-year period (1973-1995) concluded that the courts found serious, reversible error in nearly 7 of every 10 capital sentence cases that were fully reviewed during the period. It also found that death sentences were being overturned in 2 out of 3 appeals. The overall prejudicial review error rate was 68 percent."   I did not ask how many cases were overturned on technicalities, I asked if you know a number of how many people were executed who were truely innocent. As of yet, we have not seen fact one that even one innocent person has been put to death. Also, do you know why a lot of the death sentences are commuted to life in prison? It is not because the person is innocent. If they were innocent, they would be let out of prison, this rarely ever happens. Unless you can show conclusive evidence of someone innocent being executed, your argument is really not grounded in reality.
I did not ask how many cases were overturned on technicalities, I asked if you know a number of how many people were executed who were truely innocent. As of yet, we have not seen fact one that even one innocent person has been put to death. Also, do you know why a lot of the death sentences are commuted to life in prison? It is not because the person is innocent. If they were innocent, they would be let out of prison, this rarely ever happens. Unless you can show conclusive evidence of someone innocent being executed, your argument is really not grounded in reality.  I have heard of two instances of innocent men who were executed back in the seventies. They were large cases that were still being studied because of doubt. DNA testing capabilities allowed them to determine that the executed men were, in fact, innocent. I saw the stories on late night news, but I can't find internet documentation.   Lev
http://archive.aclu.org/issues/death/23executed.html   This is probably the most popular list of "innocent" people to be executed. Note that the most recent on the list is 1984, and most cases are from 1900's-1930's. While all of these present theories that the accused or executed may have been innocent, they all share 1 popular theme, conclusive evidence has never been presented in a court of law that overturned the conviction. I am not saying it is not possible for some of them to be innocent, but in the eyes of the law, they are still guilty to this day.   Also, the dates of these crimes point to another point supporting capitol punishment. With the conclusive DNA testing and forensic analysis that can be accomplished with todays technology, it makes it highly unlikely that an innocent person could ever be sentenced to death in the first place. Even if the person is falsely found guilty, they are given ample appeals to establish their innocence. If the evidence of their innocence truely exists, or evidence is found to be lacking to prove their guilt, the conviction will be overturned. And yes, after all of this, it is still possible for an innocent person to be put to death. It is also possible for an innocent person to be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, but nobody is making the argument to stop sending people to prison.
You know what is far worse than murder itself? Executing people to save some money.  You know what is far worse than not executing murderers? Letting 'em sit around, watch tv, and eat pizza. ;\    LEVIATHAN
No, I am not sure... Your cocksure attitude intimating that there is not much chance you could end up falsly convicted and excecuted makes me wonder if the reason for that attitude is that you fall into the category of middle class Anglo. According to the ALCU, "36 percent of death row inmates are black, although African Americans constitute only 12 percent of the U.S. population. But the race of the victim turns out to be an even more decisive factor in capital sentencing decisions. Almost all death sentences (82%) in this country involve white victims."  Well, show me the statistics on how many people have been falsely convicted and put to death, then maybe I will start to worry about it. As it stands in this country, it seems that I have a better chance of being killed by terrorists, the flu, anthrax, etc... If you can show that there is a significant risk of this happening to me, maybe I will start to worry just a little. And I am not sure what you are trying to show with your racial statistics, what is the overall point? Are you intimating (good word by the way :) ) that blacks receive the death penalty more often than white people?
Well, show me the statistics on how many people have been falsely convicted and put to death, then maybe I will start to worry about it. As it stands in this country, it seems that I have a better chance of being killed by terrorists, the flu, anthrax, etc... If you can show that there is a significant risk of this happening to me, maybe I will start to worry just a little. And I am not sure what you are trying to show with your racial statistics, what is the overall point? Are you intimating (good word by the way :) ) that blacks receive the death penalty more often than white people?  Actually, I think the point he is getting at is that minorities are executed on death row more often than whites based on the premise that minorities typically cannot afford or have great difficulty finding adequate lawyers who want to support them.    Leviathan
Actually, I think the point he is getting at is that minorities are executed on death row more often than whites based on the premise that minorities typically cannot afford or have great difficulty finding adequate lawyers who want to support them. Leviathan  Then perhaps he should just get to his point instead of dancing around it first.   He was saying something about the race of the victim. I want to know what he was trying to say about this.
my personal opinion is......  1. we should keep the death penalty 2. those who rape and kill, commit 1st degree murder, should be killed  some say that killing someone by lethal injection, electricution, hanging, or firing squad is "unconstitutional" but what those who are in death row is "unconstitutional"  one of the downfalls of the death penalty is the cost after the trial and all the capital "stuff" and the killing it totals out to about $1.8 million each person  but me myself i would rather pay to see a killed killed, than pay to clothe, house, and feed him/her
 It's really bad when murderers on deathrow in Mexico are calling murderers on deathrow in America p*****s and want to transfer here. LEVIATHAN  I understand your point except: There is NO death row in Mexico. They do not have capitol punishment.
I did not ask how many cases were overturned on technicalities, I asked if you know a number of how many people were executed who were truely innocent. As of yet, we have not seen fact one that even one innocent person has been put to death.   I have not either, BUT, the case is pretty much dead when the guilty suspect is dead.
 But the race of the victim turns out to be an even more decisive factor in capital sentencing decisions. Almost all death sentences (82%) in this country involve white victims."  Hey, that is another point. When someone is charged with a crime he gets a lawyer. That is better than nothing, BUT the prosecution has a team of lawyers and an entire police force looking for information to convict you. I would like to see more money spent on defense teams.   I had a child support issue that came up a couple decades ago. I never missed a child support payment but was a couple days late on ONE payment five years before the DA took me to court. In my case, the DA said I missed a payment. I had all of the evidence saying I didn't. They wanted to charge compound interest and make me sign an agreement saying I would go to jail if I missed ONE payment.   I learned something from that court case. The DA's office cared very little about fairness or justice. They wanted to win, that was all. Since that day, every few years or so I see cases where a DA knew that a suspect was innocent but continued to prosecute him.   Did anyone see the Nightline program where they had all of those death row inmates that were released because they were proven innocent because of DNA evidence? In some of those cases, it was suspected the DA knew better, but continued to prosecute.
No, I am not sure... Your cocksure attitude intimating that there is not much chance you could end up falsly convicted and excecuted makes me wonder if the reason for that attitude is that you fall into the category of middle class Anglo. According to the ALCU, "36 percent of death row inmates are black, although African Americans constitute only 12 percent of the U.S. population. But the race of the victim turns out to be an even more decisive factor in capital sentencing decisions. Almost all death sentences (82%) in this country involve white victims."  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/race.htm   Homicide Type by Race, 1976-2000  Victims / Offenders  White- Black- Other / White -Black- Other  All homicides 51.1%- 46.7% -2.2% / 46.4% -51.5% -2.0%   I really hate to get in to race debates, but here are some DOJ statistics for you. Considering that blacks are only 12% of the population, sadly they commit a disproportionate amount of homicides (51.5%) overall. Also, pay attention to the victimization statistics in this DOJ report, as it shows offender vs. victim race statistics.
It could be you.   Actually from what I've seen capital punishment has never been an affective deterent. In fact I think that it has the opposite effect in that there are more murders committed which have CP than places which don't. In in the USA there is a difference between states which have it and states whict don't. Texas has the most executions and the most murders as well.  The reason why it's not an 'effective' deterrent is because of the simple fact that it's not carried out rapidly enough. Even if the killer was seen by one hundred witnesses shooting someone dead in a public square on a sunny afternoon, it still takes years before the execution is carried out.  In such a situation, if the execution were carried out swiftly enough, it would have the desired effect on two fronts, deterrence and the elimination of a dirtbag.  However, I know that with you liberals it's all about the 'rights' of the criminal and not the victim.
The same is true of stringent prison sentences. Lets say for a second that you are in texas and rob a bank. You are looking at 50 yrs in prison. During the robbery, a guard goes for his gun. It is you or him. You kill him, and YES, you would. I have heard people say "I could never kill anybody". I clump that in with "I hope they target me". It is a bunch of XXXX by people who have never been targeted, or never been in a situation where their life was in serious jepardy say.  Now, if you are caught, you are going to die. There is absolutly nothing to stop you from laying waste to everybody in your path in order to secure your escape. Whetehr you kill one person or 50, it doesn't matter now.  You have just escalated a simple robbery into a killing spree because you want to be "hard on crime".   For many people, just the thought of 50 yrs behind bars is enough to make it worth killing to escape (rememeber those bank robbers in LA who had the big shootout with the cops using illegal machine guns??).  Reasonable penalties for crimes is a good thing. We have gone nutty on punishment in America. Criminals know when they go out to commit a crime what the likely penalty will be if caught, and you can bet your life that it figures into their actions when confronted with possible capture.   I heard somebody saying the other day how "disgusting" it is that a local guy was "only" sentenced to 10 years in prison for commiting a rape. Rape is a heinous crime. If you think that 10 yrs in prison can properly be refered to as "only", I would highly suggest that you go down and see if your local sheriff will let you spend a weekend in the county jail.  I spent a weekend in the county jail once (didn't pay a traffic ticket when I was 17.....got pulled over and arrested when I was 23 and didn't have money for bail). I would rather kill a dozen cops and 4 nuns than spend 10 years in jail. A weekend was a LONG time to spend in jail. TEN YEARS would be one HELL of a long time to spend there.  I have a guy who works for me that is an ex-felon. He has some pretty hellacious stories regarding what goes on inside a federal prison. For those of you who think that a federal prison is a country club, you can live secure in the knowledge that if you ever end up in one, you will be taken care of, because somebody will likely make you their bitch the first week and protect you!  I have seen a lot of people convert from "hard on crime" types to "sensible punisment types". This is becasue our county sheriff is a pretty OK guy, and if there is room in the jail, and you pay for your own meals, he will lock you up for a couple of days so you can get an idea of what jail is like. And this is just a COUNTY jail. We are not talking a federal prison. I have gotten about a dozen people to take my "try it before you shoot off your mouth" challenge, and every single one of them changed their tune by the end of their little adventure.  My answer to the poll is ZERO. We should not even have the death penalty just on the off chance that we might execute somebody who is innocent. We also should take a hard look at exactly what we consider "appropriate punisment" insofar as jail time goes.  Boo Hoo Hoo...  You do a lot of weeping for 'criminals' here, not once did you mention the VICTIM! Imagine that! Maybe the rapist should get 10 days instead of 10 years.. would that make you happy? We wouldn't want to punish him too much.  Your attempt at reason is laughable. Let me get this straight.. we need less harsh punishments so that they don't shoot-up everybody because they're 'facing 50 years' in prison? LOL! What's your solution? Less time in prison for serious crimes? Or do you mean that we should keep secret potential sentences so that the 'reasonable' criminal doesn't run amok because the mean ol' justice system has a lengthy sentence waiting for him at the conclusion of his crime?   I again point out the simple fact that the majority of those in prison are REPEAT OFFENDERS! So, your solution of 'coddling' criminals simply doesn't work. What we need are harsher sentences including the death penalty. I'm reminded of the Sheriff in AZ that made national headlines when he added Army tents to his prison so that NO ONE would be released early due to over-crowding. I remember a news segment where they interviewed some of the prisoners.. the conclusion? They did not want to come back to his prison! So, at least in this case, prison is a deterrent! In spite of the objections by liberals, like yourself, and the media.. that Sheriff has been re-elected a couple of times since.  Punishment leads to greater crime? :xbanghead LOL!
Ok, first off, I am a LONG ways from being a liberal. I basically have no political affiliation. I think things through on my own, do my own research, and support whoevers views are closest to mine. Second, you need to work on debating based on logic, not emotional outbursts. What are you, about 15 yrs old? You must be a liberal, or a dope smoking libertarian. Did you vote for Nader? Emotional outburst? 'What are you, about 15 years old?' Sounds like the pot calling the kettle black, baby cakes. What I am saying is that treatment has proven itself over jail for drug abusers, and prison study programs, job training, etc have been shown to have a lot more efect on the number of repeat offenders than longer prison sentences. This would imply that longer prison sentences don't do a whole lot of good when it comes to stopping crime. I wasn't talking about drug offenders. I was talking about the death penalty and harden criminals and the crimes they commit. Sorry Charlie, the simple fact of the matter is that the MAJORITY of those in prison today are repeat offenders in spite of your liberal efforts to 'train' them. What's needed are LONGER sentences and to make prison a form of PUNISHMENT not a learning center run by liberals. See, that's what makes you a liberal. You don't want anyone to be responsible for their actions. For liberals, there should be NO consequences for your deeds. At least, not anything remotely as harsh as the crime they commited! You are right, I didn't mention the victim even once. This is because I was discussing punishment, not victims. I don't recall seeing a whole lot of talk about victims in this thread, as victims are not generally put to death or inprisoned. If you want to discuss victims, start another thread that is more appropriate. Typical liberal. Attack the victim. It wasn't the criminal's fault. It is easy to sit and yell "lock them up and throw away the key!" People need to think a little harder about what this kind of thing means.  Yet, another liberal response. Of course you say that. You don't want to lock them up at all, much less execute them! Nevermind who that murderer killed or how many kids that pedophile raped, we should give them 'job training' and get them back on the street as soon as possible!  And, unless you have a logical argument to counter it, I still contend that severe prison terms escalate crime. You do not have to do anything terribly severe to earn 20 yrs in prison. If you spend 20 yrs behind bars, your life is preety much scrapped anyway. You get out, your wife and children (if you had any) are most likely gone. Everything you owned was gone. Nobody will hire you because you are an ex-felon.  More liberal hogwash! Where are you getting your information? Joceyln Elders? People in prison are far less likely to commit crimes against the public or did you not 'research' that part? And 'woe is me..', that poor rapist, he got out of prison after ruining the life of his victim only to find his 'wife and kids gone'? BOO HOO! Geez! You're not only a liberal, but a flamin' one at that! All this sympathy for a dirtbag criminal? You make me sick. Do you really believe that this has no bearing on how far people are willing to go when it comes to crime? YES! And nowhere near the level that you imply! That's ridiculous. It's quite obvious that if you had your way, we wouldn't have prisons at all. Instead, we'd have re-education centers for victims! You'd declare that 'criminal activity' is the new alternative lifestyle and should be protected. Sorry, bubs.. it's pretty obvious that you're a 'softy' when it comes to crime.
1 - No solid proof it deters.  Granted, but it prevents re-occurence by the same offender.  Lack of equity in defense. Face it, rich boys can buy good lawyers and get off (i.e., OJ Simpson).  This a problem with the legal system not the punishment system. It revolves around legal interpretation of the term "reasonable doubt".  Racism in the system that looks like this: The majority of victims of violent crime/murder are people of color, the majority of death-row inmates are there for killing white people.   This is an outdated opinion and there is no supporting evidence to prove it. Which death row are you refering too? Ohio's? Colorados? Be specific and provide proof. According to this 59 of the executed inmates in Colorado were caucasian as compared to 12 people of Hispanic origin, 6 of African-American origin and 1 of Japanese origin.   In Ohio, there is a closer results to your assertion with 104 people of African-American origin compared to 97 caucasians.   Maryland supports your claim with 12 African-American inmates and only 4 Caucasian inmates.  Missouri: 32 Caucasians and 24 African-Americans.  North Carolina: 110 African-Americans, 67 Caucasians and 12 Other.  Kentucky: 27 Caucasians, 8 African-Americans and one prisoner of Hispanic decent.  I won't be bothered to find more, but the point is that you can either accept that the demographic as a whole yields an equal representation of Caucasians and Others OR skew your results by focusing on single state statistics. This doesn't even bring into bear global death penalty demographics for countries outside the US.  Heard too much controversial debate that there are possibly innocent people on death row. It is absolutely unacceptable to execute someone who is innocent.   Agreed, the death penalty should only be introduced when there is either confession or irrefutable evidence.  Especially when removing the person from society (life in prison) is just as effecive.  Parole? Cost effectiveness?  It costs a lot more to execute.  Some evidence to support this would be nice. I doubt that this is true. If you look at the financial requirements to pay for a prisoner to spend a life time in prison, compared to the financial requirements to kill them, I would wager that it would be cheaper to kill them.  Plus prisoners can work and contribute - the dead can not.  If you assume (as you do below) that prisoners convicted of life sentence still have rights as citizens than what you are suggesting is slave labour, which is illegal. Furthermore, what remains to be seen is whether the financial output of prisoner labour equals or exceeds the financial input required to keep them alive and in the capacity to do physical labour.  I do not want my government to have the right to execute it's citizenry. It's a throw back to the days of the "king", and frankly, it terrifies me.  I would suggest that a prisoner forfeits their rights as citizens as soon as they commit the crime.
Most murder victims are people of color but we overwhelmingly execute for the murder of white people. That speaks volumes about the priorities of the justice system.   This statement intrigues me, but I still can't find any evidence to back it up. Do you have any references that I could look at (internet based or otherwise)?
@ World traveller  About costs  The cost in executing someone does not lie in the execution process, it lies in the legal process. I might be way off track, but I recall prisoners on death row are allowed many appeals (to minimize the risk of executing innocents) and this is where a death sentance starts to cost money. Alot of money...
again, a flaw in the legal process, not the punishment itself.
@ world traveller  Perhaps, but what is the alternative? If we want to minimize the innocents that are being sentanced to death, we would need more appeals and we would need a more intense and effective legal process. How can we reduce the costs without allowing ourself to sentance more innocent people to death? Are you willing to make that trade-off? Where do we draw the line, afterall we could forego any trial by jury and just go with the police report. That would be very cost-efficient, but it would collide with our interests in legal justice.
Agreed, the death penalty should only be introduced when there is either confession or irrefutable evidence.   The point is, when a crime is committed that warrants the death penalty and there is irrefutable evidence to suggest that the personal being held responsible is guilty, than they should be sentenced to death.  I do not agree with the idea that the death penalty should be effected in a case where there is contention. However, the fundamental flaw in the legal system is that a law is never interpreted how the writer intended. It is only interpreted how the first judge interprets it. I think this is the problem with a legal system based on precendent. Often times, appeals are an attempt to escape punishment through legal loopholes, not questions of guilt. This is what I wish to see done away with.  I am a firm believer in the idea that a human being gives up there right to live if the commit murder (by murder, I mean malicious intent).
Is it worth executing a few innocents to keep capital punishment? How many? 1 in 10, 1 in 100 or 1 in 1000?  Personally, I am in favor of executing kidnappers (or rapists) that kill. There is a point when a person kidnaps (I assume) that they must decide to kill or not. If they don't kill they risk being identified by the victim.   Personally I am more interested in the deterrent effect of capital punishment over the punishment aspect.  Any thoughts?  I am in favor of executing anyone that kills another human being...they are like dogs, once they get the taste of blood, you can't trust them anymore. It is just too bad that we are as humane as we are...I say, bring back the "Old Sparkey" so they have something to think about during their endless appeals...I don't know, if it was me having to contemplate facing "Old Sparkey" - I would want it over with. It is kind of waiting for you Dad to come spank you...the waiting is the worst part. Maybe then we could save some money and shorten the appeals time?
No, no, no, my friend. You have this all wrong. Yes, the appeal price does add to the total cost of things. But, on average, the original case costs $2.2 more for capital punishments as opposed to life sentences. This, in itself, is enough to already make the death sentence cost more than a life case. Oh, and appeals are payed by the suspect, thus those aren't even included. But, the case itself is payed for the government, thus you are getting ripped off if they are killed.   ~After Death~  Hmmm.. wasn`t that my point (apart from confusing appeal costs with case costs)? emoticon_confused
I am "for" capital punishment... but if a criminal shows a desire for death over a life sentence, I prefer to be sadistic.  I am also for capital punishment and believe that the criminals should serve the sentences passed down to them. I don't believe we should do anything in our legal system just for the sake of being sadistic though. That term would suggest corruption in our legal system and that is one thing that both criminals and lawabiding citizens don't want to have.
Yes, they should be able to choose. but only in countries in which capital punishment is legal ;) .  @WorldTraveller: I see your point, but don't you think that a criminal whose offer to be executed got denied will take any chance to show his environment that a lifetime sentence was wrong? He had nothing to lose anyway so he could attack any guards or prisoners walking by. In that case I would rather give in and grant his wish.
Sure they should be able to pick death. One less prisoner to guard. Actually, I think the idea of life with no chance of parole is a waste of money as well. Simple, fast, economical execution could control the prison population, and save vast amounts of money. As you might have guessed, I am very pro-capital punishment.  By the way, just out of curiosity, does anyone here (without looking it up on the internet), know how many legal methods of execution there are in the US? Can you name them?
By the way, just out of curiosity, does anyone here (without looking it up on the internet), know how many legal methods of execution there are in the US? Can you name them? Lethal injection is the common method now. The gas chamber is in use occasionally, as well as hanging can be chosen (was it Washington?). The electric chair certainly is still written down in the laws of some states as might be firing squads.  But the vast majority are executed by lethal injections.
Lethal injection is the common method now. The gas chamber is in use occasionally, as well as hanging can be chosen (was it Washington?). The electric chair certainly is still written down in the laws of some states as might be firing squads.  But the vast majority are executed by lethal injections.  That is correct, the vast majority are lethal injection. The gas chamber is still used occasionally, I think mostly in NC. The others are the electric chair, firing squad, and hanging. You win a gold star for the day. I once read a very interesting article on execution methods, I will post it if I can find it again. It actually went step by step throughout the different types of executions, and layed out the procedures and policies associated with them.
That is correct, the vast majority are lethal injection. The gas chamber is still used occasionally, I think mostly in NC. The others are the electric chair, firing squad, and hanging. You win a gold star for the day. I once read a very interesting article on execution methods, I will post it if I can find it again. It actually went step by step throughout the different types of executions, and layed out the procedures and policies associated with them. *clappingmyshoulderwithpride* ;)  Just a few questions from a foreigner:  - What is NC? North Carolina? Just because I thought that California is using the chamber as only state. - Was any criminal ever killed by a firing squad since you re-introduced the death-penalty?  And now one for the pro-capital-punishment fraction (not the right thread, but it's just a short question): - Do you think there is some form of "humane" death penalty? And if, should these methods be used?  Please no comments like "torture them", stick to existing laws.
*clappingmyshoulderwithpride* ;)  Just a few questions from a foreigner:  - What is NC? North Carolina? Just because I thought that California is using the chamber as only state. - Was any criminal ever killed by a firing squad since you re-introduced the death-penalty?  And now one for the pro-capital-punishment fraction (not the right thread, but it's just a short question): - Do you think there is some form of "humane" death penalty? And if, should these methods be used?  Please no comments like "torture them", stick to existing laws.  Ok, I stand corrected. NC is not a chamber state. It is now a lethal injection only state. And yes, it is North Carolina. Where are you from? -Since 1976 when capital punishment was re-introduced: * 700+ inmates executed by lethal injection * 151 inmates executed by electrocution * 11 inmates executed by lethal gas * 3 inmates executed by hanging * 2 inmates executed by firing squad  States still using the gas chamber (can be requested by inmate as an alternative if he/she so wishes): Arizona, California, Maryland, Missouri, Wyoming.  I think the firing squad cases were in Utah, and requested by the inmates. The hangings took place in Washington state.  As for a humane method of execution, I believe that lethal injection is the most humane method of execution possible. The worst part physically is getting the IV placed in the hand/arm. A lot of people argue that the mental anguish is akin to torture, but I really don't buy that. If we must accept it that way, then couldn't sending someone to prison in the first place be called torture too? It is punishment, not toture. Lethal injection is gentle, and no different than going into surgery. You get a sedative, then a paralytic (collapses muscles / stops breathing), then you get a massive dose of KCl to stop the heart. It is painless.
http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?scid=8&did=245   Capital punishment info, I finally found that site.
Where are you from? Germany.  Interesting stats; the high numbers of the ones electrocuted (thk god I'm not pc) somehow shocked me, because imho it is as barbaric as the chamber and afaik the chair already used to have malfunctions a century ago.  Edit: I found this on your linked site (interesting site somehow) and it made me wonder: "Wyoming":"Authorizes lethal gas if lethal injection is ever held to be unconstitutional."
Germany.  Interesting stats; the high numbers of the ones electrocuted (thk god I'm not pc) somehow shocked me, because imho it is as barbaric as the chamber and afaik the chair already used to have malfunctions a century ago.  Edit: I found this on your linked site (interesting site somehow) and it made me wonder: "Wyoming":"Authorizes lethal gas if lethal injection is ever held to be unconstitutional."  Nebraska is the only state where electrocution is the sole means of execution. Believe it or not, there have been prisoners who have requested electrocution despite lethal injection being available. I agree that electrocution is cruel, as is the gas chamber. But as long as they are only options, I support the criminals right to choose that particular method.   The Wyoming thing only means that if lethal injetion is ever held to be unconstitutional for some reason, the gas chamber will be available for executions. This is not saying that if capital punishment is found unconsitutional they can still gas people and get away with it. The likelyhood of lethal injection ever being held as unconstitutional while capital punishment remains constitutional is highly unlikely.
What does the D.C. in Washington, D.C. stand for? District of Columbia. I am not sure about it, but I think the reason for this status was that no state should include the capital of the US.
I think that they should be allowed choose death. Let' s face it. It's a win-win situation for the State and the inmate. It saves the State money and the inmate years of wasted time. emoticon_xgood emoticon_xkill
It costs the State more to give death than life in prison.  Not true if the inmate asks to die before exhausting every possible appeal.
I agree entirely. Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison, if you are sentenced to life, you should get to suffer for the whole bit. So what you are saying is that the actual purpose of prison is to be raped in the shower by some 400 pound guy called Betty? Or brutalised by a guard with an inferiority complex...and these don't strike you as cruel and unusual?
So what you are saying is that the actual purpose of prison is to be raped in the shower by some 400 pound guy called Betty? Or brutalised by a guard with an inferiority complex...and these don't strike you as cruel and unusual?  If only we could assure such behavior would definitely occur, I might be persuaded to keep some of them alive. The thought of a serial rapist or child molester being pounded daily by Bubba as his "love slave" has a certain ironic sadistic appeal to me. emoticon_xgood
I believe that anyone should be able to choose death at any time. If a criminal asks for the death penalty, give them a psychiatric evaluation to determine their mental state. If they are sound of mind, them give them their wish. It saves time, money, resources, and is the ultimate prevention of recidivism.
If they are of sound mind then there is probably very littel you could do to stop them killing themselves anyway - though there is the catch 22 of people who are sound of mind generally don't want to kill themselves.
If they are of sound mind then there is probably very littel you could do to stop them killing themselves anyway - though there is the catch 22 of people who are sound of mind generally don't want to kill themselves.  I would imagine that you are strongly opposed to euthanasia, then?
Not really, I think the extenuating circumstances of euthanisia are going to be more than being locked up in prison. Big difference between having a small living space and being in constant agony, however you make a good point. Still bear in mind these people are still in control of themselves so either you will get depressed ones commiting suicide unless you are paying attention (and these are the ones you exclude from death penalty) whilst the ones that are sound in mind and body can kill themselves if they want to anyway without you being able to do much about it (as you arn't expecting it).  Only difference it would make is to catholics who see suicide as a sin, but then isn't a request to be killed suicide anyway?
Not really, I think the extenuating circumstances of euthanisia are going to be more than being locked up in prison. Big difference between having a small living space and being in constant agony, however you make a good point. Still bear in mind these people are still in control of themselves so either you will get depressed ones commiting suicide unless you are paying attention (and these are the ones you exclude from death penalty) whilst the ones that are sound in mind and body can kill themselves if they want to anyway without you being able to do much about it (as you arn't expecting it). I see, so you're position on voluntarily choosing death is a pragmatic, not principled belief?  Only difference it would make is to catholics who see suicide as a sin, but then isn't a request to be killed suicide anyway? I believe that it is and as a catholic, I will never request to be "put out of my misery" like a sick animal.
I honestly don't think that many people would choice suicide without a serious reason, and think the idea of vetting potential executionees to make sure they arn't just depressed is bizarre. How is it different if a person feels so totally neglected at school and at home that they want to 'end the pain' and commit suicide than if a prisoner decides that life is not worth living in prison where no one cares about him and wants to end the pain and request execution.  In the first example its assumed the girl suffers from depression (and usually does) and would not be just allowed to commit suicide if there was something that could be done, I don't see how this is different from the prison example. I don't see how you could sort out the depressed ones from the ones who just are sick of life and want to end it all.  As for the last bit, is the not wanting to be put down like an animal a thing of pride, or do you think that it also counts as suicide?
But where has it been said that life in imprisonment is worse? Clearly most people don't want to die, and given a choice they will put up with a lot so they don't have to even though they are clearly going to suffer more.
I honestly don't think that many people would choice suicide without a serious reason, and think the idea of vetting potential executionees to make sure they arn't just depressed is bizarre. How is it different if a person feels so totally neglected at school and at home that they want to 'end the pain' and commit suicide than if a prisoner decides that life is not worth living in prison where no one cares about him and wants to end the pain and request execution.  In the first example its assumed the girl suffers from depression (and usually does) and would not be just allowed to commit suicide if there was something that could be done, I don't see how this is different from the prison example. I don't see how you could sort out the depressed ones from the ones who just are sick of life and want to end it all. A prisoner who has no hopes of ever getting out should be able to opt out of spending his life in prison. It serves both his own interests AND the State's. It's a win-win situation.   As for the last bit, is the not wanting to be put down like an animal a thing of pride, or do you think that it also counts as suicide?  Any deliberate act to bring about your own death intentionally would qualify as siicide IMO. It's not pride, it's my Catholic belief against suicide, I guess.
Does raise another point - should we really try to prevent suicides then, or just do so on the principle that they are the 'call for help' type that are supposedly the most common amongst clinical depressive. If not, just give them back the gun.  Why would criminals being given a benefit that is currently not available to other miserable people? At what point would you allow a prisoner to opt for execution? Would you give them a period of time to see if they can get used to prison life first, what if the reason they wanted to commit suicide is that they couldn't bare to be locked up without their families for a crime they didn't commit?  This kind of option is going to probably cause more trouble than its worth to cover all the possibilities anyway.
Does raise another point - should we really try to prevent suicides then, or just do so on the principle that they are the 'call for help' type that are supposedly the most common amongst clinical depressive. If not, just give them back the gun. I believe that we should attempt to prevent suicide in the general population.  Why would criminals being given a benefit that is currently not available to other miserable people? At what point would you allow a prisoner to opt for execution? I would imagine that most people wouldn't consider legal suicide a "benefit", but if that's the way you look at it, it's OK with me.   Would you give them a period of time to see if they can get used to prison life first, what if the reason they wanted to commit suicide is that they couldn't bare to be locked up without their families for a crime they didn't commit? If someone is given life without chance of parole, I have no problem in letting him die as soon as he was ready.   This kind of option is going to probably cause more trouble than its worth to cover all the possibilities anyway. Only if we allow lawyers to make money litigating the issue. :xcensored
Not as a benefit, but it seems follows that someone who wished to end their life might see it as a bit hypocritical that someone who has their freedom taken away can do something that they can't.  As for lawyers, if we didn't have them then who else would we hate? You neglect to admit that they perform a vital role in todays society. Seriously though there are going to be so many complications with it that you are going to end up with almost as much legislation in some cases as if you were going to kill them to begin with, even after you have finally tried the guy.
Not as a benefit, but it seems follows that someone who wished to end their life might see it as a bit hypocritical that someone who has their freedom taken away can do something that they can't. hardly worth considering, don't you think. "Geez Mom, why does he get to fry in an electric chair and I can't" queries Johnny. :)   As for lawyers, if we didn't have them then who else would we hate?  Good point, but what about IRS agents? :)   You neglect to admit that they perform a vital role in todays society. OK, name two....quickly. emoticon_rolleyes   Seriously though there are going to be so many complications with it that you are going to end up with almost as much legislation in some cases as if you were going to kill them to begin with, even after you have finally tried the guy. If you don't allow court-appointed (and taxpayer paid) lawyers for these cases, it'll hardly go noticed. emoticon_rolleyes
hardly worth considering, don't you think. "Geez Mom, why does he get to fry in an electric chair and I can't" queries Johnny. :)   Its not that, its the method you use to decide whether or not they are mentally sound, you are either going to start overperscribing some people for medication or risk a lot of clinical depressives kill themselves to reduce the cost of the penal system.    Good point, but what about IRS agents? :)  There is that I guess   OK, name two....quickly. emoticon_rolleyes  Most lawyers are rich in nitrogenous compounds and provide perfect fertiliser, and allow potential bigots to ease their arbitary hatred in a way acceptable to todays society.  If you don't allow court-appointed (and taxpayer paid) lawyers for these cases, it'll hardly go noticed. emoticon_rolleyes  This makes sense I guess, seeing as the penal system isn't going to be overally worried about what happens unless they hope to use the criminal as a source in the future
If you get a life sentence, you shouldn't have any choices whatsoever.  I think the main problem is that some candyassed states banned executions of convicted murderers. If the death sentence was an option, a criminal could advocate for his own death in the penalty phase of the trial. That option has been taken away in many states.
The victim or victim's next of kin should have the choice.
They still shouldn't have the choice.  It's in the State's best interests to put a bullet in the criminal ASAP. It saves taxpayers over $20k/year in detention costs, prevents violence inside of the prison, removes the threat of escape, reduces prison overcrowding, etc,. It's a big win for the State, IMO and an option that should be promoted not discouraged.
The victim or victim's next of kin should have the choice. Because we really want justice systems based of vengance don't we
Because we really want justice systems based of vengance don't we  I believe that vengence and justice are often kissing cousins. :)
There's a whole bunch of mutants coming out of that relationship, they have gone way beyond just cousins.  Still, the whole point of law is that it should be objective and punish the person so they don't do it again rather than carrying out some arbitary punishment to justify someone who knew the victim's bloodlust.
There's a whole bunch of mutants coming out of that relationship, they have gone way beyond just cousins.  Still, the whole point of law is that it should be objective and punish the person so they don't do it again rather than carrying out some arbitary punishment to justify someone who knew the victim's bloodlust.  What's arbirtary about executing a mass murderer? Am I missing something? emoticon_confused
You can argue for mass murders to be executed if you want, but I think its hypocritical for a state to kill someone for murder. Principle of the thing amongst other things (i.e it doesn't really work as a deterrant anyway).  Law should never be ruled from the victims point of view - if this was the point then we wouldn't bother with courts and just stick with vigilante justice.
You can argue for mass murders to be executed if you want, but I think its hypocritical for a state to kill someone for murder. Principle of the thing amongst other things (i.e it doesn't really work as a deterrant anyway). I love how people argue that execution isn't a deterrent. Name me one executed murderer that killed agaijn after his death. emoticon_rolleyes  Do you believe that the State should execute people for treason? Or that the military should be able to execute deserters? Under what conditions would you favor execution, if any?  Law should never be ruled from the victims point of view - if this was the point then we wouldn't bother with courts and just stick with vigilante justice. Laws should be written to make victims "whole" again, whenever possible. In the case of murder, the victims are the family AND society. Murder is an afront to civilized behavior and, IMO, punishment should be determined by those communities suffering the loss. With limited space in prisons, a life sentence for a murderer typically means that a criminal from a lesser offense will have to be displaced back to the streets, where he will almost certainly commit more crimes. IMO, it's no business of any other nation how we punish criminals as long as they aren't tortured in the process. If Europeans don't like the fact that we execute mass murderers in the US, then they'd better not come to the US to become a mass murderer. I can live with their absence. :)
Well if you ever find you do want a few mass murders you only have to ask ;)  Deterrant stops people from doing it in the first place, what you are arguing is that execution is the ultimate in rehabilitation.  Treason during war I have less of a problem with, since technically they are on the otherside. Deserters I'm not so sure it would really depend on how the war is going and then we are entering the realms of need rather than what is 'right'.  Trouble with doing it from the victims view is that there are very rarely going to be able to look at the situation from a reasonable point of view and are going to be more likely to make mistakes. Killing someone else isn't going to bring them back anyway.
Well if you ever find you do want a few mass murders you only have to ask ;) No thanks, we have more than our fill now. :)  Deterrant stops people from doing it in the first place, what you are arguing is that execution is the ultimate in rehabilitation.  No, it deters recidivism. ;)  Treason during war I have less of a problem with, since technically they are on the otherside. Deserters I'm not so sure it would really depend on how the war is going and then we are entering the realms of need rather than what is 'right'. So, once again, you're objection is a pragmatic one and not a principled one?   Trouble with doing it from the victims view is that there are very rarely going to be able to look at the situation from a reasonable point of view and are going to be more likely to make mistakes. Killing someone else isn't going to bring them back anyway. I wouldn't let te victim decide the sentence, but I would allow the victim's input in the sentencing process. This is very common in the US. Victims and victims' families routinely testify on the impact of a crime during the sentencing phase of a trial.
My objection would almost always be a pragmatic one, I don't think principles can exist outside of an actions circumstances really.  I don't think the victims should be involved at all, if its effected them that much have one of the courts psychologists look at them and asses the damage. Least that way you arn't punishing criminals who either get to trial quickly and the crime is fresh in the victims mind rather than a long case where it drags on.
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead?   Yes. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
I would let the criminal choose a death sentence just because it's less expensive. If the criminal wants to die anyway, then why should we spend tax dollars to keep them alive in the jail. Now, I'm not saying kill everyone in jail. I'm just saying that if they want to die, let them. It's not our responsibility to support criminals who'd rather die anyway.emoticon_xkill
Can some one explain why it is better to keep some one locked in a cage, than to kill them? I am asking about the criminals that get sentences of 100+ years. Is it more humane to kill those who have been determined to never be able to renter society, or to keep them in 80 square feet for, 23 hours a day, for the rest of there life?  IMO, it would be better to put them to death.
Can't suffer once you're dead. "Hangin's too good for 'em" as the saying goes. I like the idea that every day I live free they get to stare at the wall. I hope they live a long time.  If inmates in for life actually got life in 100% of the cases, I'd be more inclined to support a ban on capital punishment. But, the fact is that inmates can get out, either by escaping, legal technicality, etc., or can kill again while in prison. For that reason, I'm in favor of throwing the switch and giving them a juice sandwich. emoticon_xgood
Once in prison the only technicality likely to get you out is "innocence". Most appeals fail.  In some states, death sentences have been commuted to life and then, later, the felon is eligible for parole.  Escape from prison is rare but not a reason to execute as a precaution anyway.  It depends on the prison, but one is one to many for me.  The potential of being killed while in prison sounds like deterrent to me. If that was the case, then the death penalty would be a deterrent in itself, huh?
 I think what we need is prson reform and reform of our legal system I would agree fully.   1) It's cheaper to lock them up for life  what I am talking about is not a death penalty trial as we have today, but after the person has received a 100 year or more sentence. The cost would be only the method of death.   2) Death is a weak punishment  if it was for punishment we would use the less humane one. More &#8220;pain&#8221; (discomfort, unpleasant situation, whatever term you prefer) the more likely some one will try to avoid it.   3) Trial cost money, counties pay for trials. Counties cut social services to pay for these exorbitant trials. Guess who often counsules and stops people from going on violent crimes? So in essence, fewer victims with more life sentences (with the death penalty hanging around) I don&#8217;t under stand this one. I think you are saying that a &#8220;death penalty&#8221; trial costs too much? See comments for #1
I don't think either one of these is particularly humane. Given a choice, I personally would prefer to die rather than spend the rest of my life in prison.   Of course, if it is wrong to kill people, then we shouldn't do it. If it is not wrong to kill people, then why are we making such a big deal of it?  I think what we need is prson reform and reform of our legal system. People like murderers are difficult to deal with if you are not going to execute them under the current system becuase, as you pointed out, it is questionable whether death might not be preferable to spending life in a little cell.  I think a workable solution might be more prison farms like the Angola prison. Prisoners there are not constantly locked in little cells, or even confined behind walls all the time. Life is not easy there, but it is arguably worth living as you can actually accomplish some things.    Neither of them are humane? Is murdering 5 people and cutting them up humane? That is letting someone off way too easy. You took someone's life, and that is one of the worst things you can do. Letting them work out in a field and "accomplish some things" does no justice to the family of the victims. Someone who commits a crime that serious should at least be behind bars for the rest of their life, no parole at all. Maybe for lesser crimes (which warrant 15-30 years in prison), the Angola thing would work. But someone who has been found guilty of murder doesn't deserve the pleasure of actually working.
Death penalty commuted to life w/ possibility of parole? I've not heard of this but I supposed it could happen.  I don't believe the DP constitutes deterrent for capital offenses. Being killed while in prison for GTA or some such was more the sort of thing I had in mind.  You don't believe that the death penalty is a deterrent for capital offenses? What is the recidivism rate for criminals executed under the death penalty......ZERO. Now, THAT'S deterrence! Since the majority of violent crimes are committed by career criminals, the death penalty surely puts a damper on their career. emoticon_xgood emoticon_idea
Can someone explain to me how death is a punishment when it is a release from all earthly suffering?  It is not meant as a punishment, it should be used when the courts have decided that the person is too dangerous to allow back into society.  The way I am thinking of it is after the sentence is passed down, there would be another trial (revue, whatever you want to call it.) to decide if there is a chance of the person ever being reformed. If not they would just put them down, like you would do for a rabid animal
I have had some experience with this topic... My father was murdered when I was 12, the perp was convicted a year later and was charged with 1st degree murder and sentenced to death.. flash forward 24 years He ran his course of appeals and every legal proceeding you can imagine. His lawyer after 20 years of him being on death row came up with "retardation" Mind you he "walked" 3 times.. all of which I was there to witness. I was to be a witness to the execution by request of my grandmother who has passed on. anyway at the last minute he got a stay of execution. Back to the drawing table.. Last year after several hearings, they came to the conclusion the he was mentally retarded..scoring a 75 on his IQ test. The limit for the death penalty is 70. He was a high school graduate, had a family, held jobs.. and clearly competent, nonetheless they found him otherwise. So now he is off death row, and the DA has told me that it is possible he could get parole eventually. With all that it has been a very trying time for me and I have had to struggle with how I really felt about the death penalty. I have been a supporter but never really could my put heart into my conviction. I do not know if it is out of revenge or not, hard to say I am too close to the matter. But I did feel let down when they took him off death row, now I feel like there will never be justice. I put so many years of waiting for that moment... it sounds kind of sick, but as much as I dreaded witnessing it, I also looked forward to it. I do think that maybe life in prison may be better, only if his experience there is just awful.... but the revenge side of me, just wants him to suffer what my father suffered. but if you were to ask me to think about this the old fashion way, which would be I should be the one to flip the switch .. not so sure I could do it. so with all that I still don't really know if I in my heart, support the death penalty or I am just after revenge. The victims of violence I would imagine go through this struggle. Side note... the man who murdered my father also killed a young girl when he was a minor... he had escaped from the correctional facility he was in.. and it was several years later when he killed my dad.
I have had some experience with this topic... My father was murdered when I was 12, the perp was convicted a year later and was charged with 1st degree murder and sentenced to death.. flash forward 24 years He ran his course of appeals and every legal proceeding you can imagine. His lawyer after 20 years of him being on death row came up with "retardation" Mind you he "walked" 3 times.. all of which I was there to witness. I was to be a witness to the execution by request of my grandmother who has passed on. anyway at the last minute he got a stay of execution. Back to the drawing table.. Last year after several hearings, they came to the conclusion the he was mentally retarded..scoring a 75 on his IQ test. The limit for the death penalty is 70. He was a high school graduate, had a family, held jobs.. and clearly competent, nonetheless they found him otherwise. So now he is off death row, and the DA has told me that it is possible he could get parole eventually. With all that it has been a very trying time for me and I have had to struggle with how I really felt about the death penalty. I have been a supporter but never really could my put heart into my conviction. I do not know if it is out of revenge or not, hard to say I am too close to the matter. But I did feel let down when they took him off death row, now I feel like there will never be justice. I put so many years of waiting for that moment... it sounds kind of sick, but as much as I dreaded witnessing it, I also looked forward to it. I do think that maybe life in prison may be better, only if his experience there is just awful.... but the revenge side of me, just wants him to suffer what my father suffered. but if you were to ask me to think about this the old fashion way, which would be I should be the one to flip the switch .. not so sure I could do it. so with all that I still don't really know if I in my heart, support the death penalty or I am just after revenge. The victims of violence I would imagine go through this struggle. Side note... the man who murdered my father also killed a young girl when he was a minor... he had escaped from the correctional facility he was in.. and it was several years later when he killed my dad. So sorry, Anastasia...that's a horrible thing to face. And now, using that excuse? What!  If justice was swift for the guilty then he would not have escaped only to do it again. Some criminals never change, and via your testimony, only live to do it again.  There are some who need to be put to death.  Your situation made me shudder, Anastasia. But, I am glad you didn't let it (revenge) effect you to the point of taking his life yourself.  If it would have been my father, those many years ago, I cannot say that I would have waited, nor would have accepted that lame excuse of retardation. I could very well be in prison myself.
I have had some experience with this topic... My father was murdered when I was 12, the perp was convicted a year later and was charged with 1st degree murder and sentenced to death.. ......... Side note... the man who murdered my father also killed a young girl when he was a minor... he had escaped from the correctional facility he was in.. and it was several years later when he killed my dad.  What a good argument in favor of the death penalty. Here's a concrete example of a murderer escaping to commit yet another murder. My heart goes out for you, Anastasia. I was 13 when my father died of natural causes and that was difficult enough. To know that my father was murdered and his killer was still alive would be unbearable for me. I'd have had to take matters into my own hands if the courts couldn't. "Revenge is mine" sayeth the Lord, but justice can be metered out by mere mortals.  emoticon_xkill
That is defintely not our current death penalty rational. I would support a penalty based on that logic, not the questionable deterrence.   i would like to see the FUBAR way the death penalty of inplemented revamped.
That is defintely not our current death penalty rational. I would support a penalty based on that logic, not the questionable deterrence.   JPSartre12, if you could be so kind, would you define the concept of deterrence for me?  Yes, "deter= 1 : to turn aside, discourage, or prevent from acting" http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?book=Dictionary&va=deterring  The death of a criminal prevents him from committing any further crimes. Dirt naps are forever. emoticon_xgood  The recidivism rate for dead people remails at 0%. emoticon_rolleyes
As heartless as a bastard can get...that's me! I firmly support the death penalty for many crimes.  I believe civil rights are forfeited when one commits heinous crimes. Convicted murderers should have no rights, except maybe for the "last rites".  It's the bleeding heart lawyers and ACLU types that keep making a living fighting for the "rights" of murderers. I believe their driving force is money, not true compassion for the murderer. They certainly have little compassion for the victim's families and friends.
As heartless as a bastard can get...that's me! I firmly support the death penalty for many crimes. I begged to differ, Jim. It doesn't mean you're heartless to want to rid society of disease.  Medical science is working feverishly everyday to do the same thing.  Any difference?
Convicted murderers should have no rights, except maybe for the "last rites".  The problem is when dirty cops, and prosecutors play with the evidence to get convictions. In Il. Gov. stopped killing there death row inmates after the 7th was let go, he had been falsely convicted. They let go as many as killed in (I think it was ) 5 years. There is a problem in that justice system.
The problem is when dirty cops, and prosecutors play with the evidence to get convictions. In Il. Gov. stopped killing there death row inmates after the 7th was let go, he had been falsely convicted. They let go as many as killed in (I think it was ) 5 years. There is a problem in that justice system.  Collateral damage!
The problem is when dirty cops, and prosecutors play with the evidence to get convictions. In Il. Gov. stopped killing there death row inmates after the 7th was let go, he had been falsely convicted. They let go as many as killed in (I think it was ) 5 years. There is a problem in that justice system. Good point, emclean. That's why in my post (#22) that I had guilty typed in bold letters.  With corrupt officials you'll get falsified evidence.
Collateral damage!  Jim! You cruel SOB! emoticon_xgood
JPSartre12: Oh boy. Another person who has flunked english 101.   Hardly.   deterrence  n. 1. The act or a means of deterring. deterrence n. That which deters; a deterrent; a hindrance.   deterrence n 1: a negative motivational influence [syn: disincentive]  disincentive  n. Something that prevents or discourages action; a deterrent.  I'd say that death "prevents" an action, wouldn't you?  deter  v 1: try to prevent; v. intr. To prevent or discourage the occurrence of an action, v. tr. To prevent or discourage from acting,   It doesn't matter whether or not there are preferred uses of the word, the word, as used, was accurate and appropriate. Death certainly deters crime, therefore, it is a deterrent and acts as a deterrence to recidivism. emoticon_rolleyes
Yup, you failed english. As a means of termination, not as a deterrence. Look at the defintion.  I have. And I have also given you alternate definitions which you conveniently dismissed.   One who is dead cannot by influenced by motivation! Therefore the argument of death as a deterent is a joke.  If there was only ONE definition of the word, then I might agree. But, there are more than one definition for the word and mine was perfectly acceptable.  I already gave the definitions shamming your entire argument. You can ignore the english dictionary all you want, it doesn't make you right.  You just admitted you lost.  No it doesn't. Deter primarily means stopping by fear of the consequences, hence MAD. Death does neither. Simply because you fail to understand the very simplest of concepts does not make you right.   Deter "primarily" means stopping by fear? What are some of its alternate definitions? How about "prevent from occurring". Wouldn't death prevent another crime from being committed by the dead person? Your argument is silly. The only thing that being "shammed" is your credibility.  You obviously don't understand the concept of a deterrence yet think you do. If you believe you understand, explain the concept of deterrence in the Cold War MAD strategy.  I understand nuclear deterrence better than you, I'm sure. I was alive when we had Civil Defense drills in which we lined up in the school halls with the young kids against the wall and older kids over top of them in a shieling manner. That was back in the early 60's. Where were you then? Probably not even a twinkle in your dad's eye.  ;)
Cant we all just get along?  JPSartre12, the threat of the death penalty convinces few, if any criminals, to NOT commit the crime.  Duo_Maxwell, there have been no cases of a criminal that has had the death penalty carred out committed a crime.  Both uses of the word could be correct, depending on the context.  Now, do you think killing some one that the courts have decided can never go back into society kinder than leaving them in a cage?
Cant we all just get along?  JPSartre12, the threat of the death penalty convinces few, if any criminals, to NOT commit the crime. Many murders are crimes of passion. Fear of punishment doesn't come into play. And the fear of capital punishment can actually lead to worse crimes being committed by career criminals.  Duo_Maxwell, there have been no cases of a criminal that has had the death penalty carred out committed a crime. That was my point. Dead men don't commit crimes. The recidivism rate drops to zero in those instances.  Both uses of the word could be correct, depending on the context.  Now, do you think killing some one that the courts have decided can never go back into society kinder than leaving them in a cage? I'm glad that you realized that. I write for a living; I don't appreciate some clown telling me that I flunked English 101. As for your question, I can't give you a blanket answer. I'd take each situation and evaluate it on its own merits. I don't believe that all murders, or murderers, are created equal. ;)
Because they don't make sense in the context and they ignore the entire history of the english langugage.     if you ignore the context and the entire history of the english langugage.     Ask any college professor, any pyscholgy professional, any supporter of MAD, each and every one of them will say deterrences works on fear. Simply because you choose to ignore the context as well as all the history does not make you write because you choose a fringe defintion that no one today uses.     Then explain the concept. You are simply using age as a means of proving you are right without actually saying anything that is revelant to the discussion. Sidestepping the argument simply because you fail to have a substantial point does not make you right, nor does age equate wisdom or knowledge. If you say you know it, prove it, don't give me the "I'm older then you therefore I am right" argument. Only weak debaters who cannot properly argue do that.     You sure do sound like you did. You do realize you are essentially using the word board in the context of surfboard to mean society? Take a fringe defintion and then use defintions that no one uses to suit your argument. If you think you are all high and mighty, give me the history of the use of deterrence since the dawn of man and the primary fuction it served. That's if you can. Which I highly doubt. Very highly doubt.   Deterrence means to prevent a action through the use of fear as a discourgement. Are you contesting this?     But that does not mean it is a deterrent. We have used this form of punishment since the dawn of man, and the supreme court in Furman vs. Georgia has acknowledged there is not a single shred of evidence supporting or detracting that the punshiment is a deterrence. Go look the case up, it's right there. But you have to wonder, how can there be no shred of supporting evidence after thousands of years of use, if it IS a actual deterrent?   UNCLE  Now, I know that some of its definitions are " n.  1. 1. The brother of one's mother or father. 2. The husband of one's aunt. 2. Used as a form of address for an older man, especially by children. 3. A kindly counselor. 4. Slang. A pawnbroker. 5. Uncle Uncle Sam.  But there is another, more relevent definition for this purpose:  Idiom: cry/say uncle Informal  To indicate a willingness to give up a fight or surrender: tickled my brother until he cried uncle.  Tell me, though. Why does Webster bother putting more than one definition for a word in their dictionary if you only believe one? emoticon_confused emoticon_rolleyes
...JPSartre12, the threat of the death penalty convinces few, if any criminals, to NOT commit the crime.  ...  Do you have statistics on this?
I guess we can't just get along.  Do you have statistics on this?  no, i was trying to stop the bickering on who had the righter usage of thee word, and get back to the dieing.
...    JPSartre12 can't debate even remotely properly, and he resorts to using arguments that are completely irrevelant to the discussion as well as avoiding every call to prove something he says.  I do not agree with your statement. However, on the definition of deterrent, I believe you are correct. The death penalty should not be catagorized as a deterrent. The root of the word is (Latin: deterrere=to frighten)TERROR. You put terror in someone's mind and you may deter them from acting.  I think the death penalty is a detergent. It cleanses society of the worthless bastards that commit heinous crimes.  Georgia is scheduled to kill one tonight for raping and strangling a three year old. I hope all goes well.  Here's to the death penalty. emoticon_xhoho May it live for ever!
I do not agree with your statement. However, on the definition of deterrent, I believe you are correct. The death penalty should not be catagorized as a deterrent. The root of the word is (Latin: deterrere=to frighten)TERROR. You put terror in someone's mind and you may deter them from acting.  OK Jim, how can you disagree with my use of the word deterrent and turn around and say "I think the death penalty is a detergent. It cleanses society of the worthless bastards that commit heinous crimes." Isn't that exactly what I said? emoticon_confused  I never said that it deterred anoyone other than the SOB who couldn't commit his next crime because he was taking a dirt nap.  :(
OK Jim, how can you disagree with my use of the word deterrent and turn around and say "I think the death penalty is a detergent. It cleanses society of the worthless bastards that commit heinous crimes." Isn't that exactly what I said?  emoticon_confused  I never said that it deterred anoyone other than the SOB who couldn't commit his next crime because he was taking a dirt nap.  :(  It may be close to what you said, but it doesn't change the definition of deterrent.  If a person is deterred from commiting a crime it is because fear in that person's mind has prevented him from commiting the crime. Killing a person is not a deterrent. However, I think it is more effective than a deterrent...that person will NEVER commit another crime, whereas someone who has been deterred from crime one time may commit the crime later.
You don't believe that the death penalty is a deterrent for capital offenses? What is the recidivism rate for criminals executed under the death penalty......ZERO. Now, THAT'S deterrence! Since the majority of violent crimes are committed by career criminals, the death penalty surely puts a damper on their career. emoticon_xgood emoticon_idea  Say again, please.
OK, I've only read the last 5 or 6 posts, but I'm going to stick my neck out on JP's behalf -   I think that by deterrent, JP is referring not to the person being executed as being deterred, as it's obviously not a deterrent to him/her, but to everyone else that might be considering commiting a capital offense being deterred.  IE - the death penalty acts as a deterrent to other would be murderers.   The idea being that their fear of being executed will win out over their desire to murder someone.  However, IMHO, that assertion is very arguable as well.  Waxy  The deterrent effect of any punishment would depend on the frequency of the punishment. If most criminals don't believe they will be put to death, they may not fear the consequences of their action. It would be interesting to test this theory by automatically executing every convicted murderer the day after their trials.
It may be close to what you said, but it doesn't change the definition of deterrent.  If a person is deterred from commiting a crime it is because fear in that person's mind has prevented him from commiting the crime. Killing a person is not a deterrent. However, I think it is more effective than a deterrent...that person will NEVER commit another crime, whereas someone who has been deterred from crime one time may commit the crime later.   It seems like I'm not the only person who "incorrectly" used the word deterrent when speaking about the death of the criminal being a deterrent to future crime. :)  While I believe that prompt and consistent executions would have a deterrent effect, there remains one great virtue, even as infrequent as executions. The recidivism rate for capital punishment is zero. No executed murderer has ever killed again. You can't say that about those sentenced to prison, even if you are an abolitionist. http://www.wowessays.com/dbase/af4/lvw176.shtml  DETERRENCE As a justification for capital punishment, deterrence is used to suggest that executing murderers will decrease the homicide rate by causing other potential murderers not to commit murder for fear of being executed themselves ("general deterrence") and, of course, that the murderer who is executed will not kill again ("specific deterrence") (Bowers, 1988) http://www.cpa.ca/ogloff.htm  Specific Deterrence Some proponents of the death penalty argue that capital punishment provides a specific deterrent which controls individuals who have already been identified as dangerous criminal actors. According to this argument, the presence of the death penalty ought to reduce a wide variety of criminal acts. The weight of scientific evidence tells us that it does not.  http://dpa.state.ky.us/library/advocate/jan00/dppotter.html  While you may argue that death by capital punishment isn't a deterrent, you can't argue that the use of the word itself was wrong. Hopefully, this will put an end to the argument over senamtics. :xbanghead
waxy:   That is not his argument. He is arguing that the executed are detered from comming crimes and therefore the punishment is therefore a deterrent. As for being a deterrent, in the case of Furman vs. Georgia, the Supreme court SAID there was NO conclusive evidence supporting or detracting that the punishment is a deterrent. You must also remember we have been using the death penalty since the dawn of human civilization. You'd figure with 3,000 years of use there would be a single piece IF it was a true deterrent.   For the umteenth time, a criminal that is executed is deterred from committing any further crimes...unless he comes back as a zombie. What part of that statement do you find fault with? At first, it was my use of the term deterrent. Then when I demonstrated that the word was, in fact, used accurately, you changed strategy and attempted to argue thye concept of the death penalty as a deterrent to others. That wasn't my argument at all. In fact, I agreed that the statistics don't show it to deter others but it is 100% effective in deterring the dirt napper from future crimes. :xbanghead   Re-read what you are agreeing with. He is saying it is NOT a deterrent. I'm really starting to doubt you write for a living.  And I'm starting to doubt your command of the English language. The argument was semantical NOT conceptual. You think that the word dererrence can only be used in the context of using fear to prevent actions by others. I demonstrated that the term also means "to prevent" PERIOD.  I can't believe you are actually using this essay.   Blanant disgrard of virtually every factor in America. It ignores changing economics, changing immigration, changing political situation, changing job markets, changing influences of overall crime treatment, changing global enviroment, changing enviroment, changing whatever. That argument holds as much water as a argument stating that over 10 years the number of children starting playing with blocks and therefore American block companies became richer.   The rest of the essays follows the same argument. Blanant disregard of all factors to distort and highlight one to support a argument. You should be ashamed of supporting such outlandish and purposefully distorted arguments   I have already given a accepted meaning of specific deterrence that disproves your shameful "links." You simply chose to ignore it.     And the majority of Americans think that the penalty is cheaper then life. the majority argument is used by those who cannot properly debate and those who also actually believe the fallacy of might makes right.     If you choose to ignore the accepted meaning that has been used in America for the past 60 years, sure.   So, how did he die. By a gun.  Missing some information eh?   I'm busting a gut here. You are missing the trees for the forrest. I used quotes that demonstrated the use of the terms deterrent or deterrence to demonstrate their grammatical accuracy NOT their conceptual accuracy. I've already stated that it doesn't deter others. You got so torqued with the content that you missed the only point that was being made, that the grammatical use of the term was legitimate. And, yes, I write for a living. Do you read for yours? :p    You still have completely and utterly failed to explain MAD while giving the agument that age means correctness  OK, since you want my take on MAD, I'll give it to you. MAD, mutually assured destruction was the strategy used by the US and USSR to prevent a first strike attack from one on the other. In the US, we chose a 3-pronged strategy: land-based missiles, nuclear warhead equipped subs and strategic bombers in the air at all times. The theory being that we would be able to effectively wipe out the USSR even if one or two of our 3-prongs was eliminated by a first strike. The USSR, for the most part, took a similar tact but with a differing weapon mix. The key was that each side possessed enough nuclear power to wipe out each other many times over, even if part of their arsenal was neutralized by a first strike. Now, for some personal historical perspective. In the 1950's, my father was a Civil Defense Director for our county. He was responsible for assessing damage, calculating fallout patterns, defensive measures, etc., In fact, I still have in my possession his Geiger Counter and a CD film on the effects of the nuclear explosion on Hiroshimo. ( It's a 16mm documentary that is very scary. ) MAD was the basis for at least a few old movies, namely Fail Safe and it's spoof "Dr. Strangelove- or how I learned to stop woorrying and love the bomb" as well as a few newer flicks like The Day After and Twilight's Last Gleaming, IIRC. Reagan's Star Wars program threatened the deterrent value of MAD, so he made a bold move and told the USSR that we should jointly develop SDI technology, thereby keeping the playing field level.
I have mixed emotions about this thread... emoticon_frazzled   First, I get this feeling I should appologize for something~~~~  Then, I get this ghostly, almost a carnal doppelganger of a feeling in my groin area.  I have heard of someone being anal, even been referred to as having that characteristic once. But, penile?  ...then associate that with death????  Maybe admin ought to change that. Spell the word right this time&#8230;maybe then we could get back on track and leave out the word that refers to terrorism&#8230;which would be associated with death to a male body part&#8230;
This really is getting silly, how much argument can there be over the use of one word?  According to every dictionary I could find deter is explicitly meant to prevent from acting through fear, hence it's Latin root which it shares origins with the word 'terror'.   Even if for some reason you choose to ignore the vastly accepted linguistic definition, there is even less ambiguity over the use of the word in the context of criminal punishment. Where it means to stop either the criminal or other potential criminals from offending by means of fear of retribution.  Give it up man!  Webster's 1913 Dictionary Definition:   \De*ter"rence\, n. That which deters; a deterrent; a hindrance. [R.]  WordNet Dictionary Definition:  1. [n] the act or process of deterring   http://www.hyperdictionary.com/dictionary/deterrence  deterrence  n. 1. The act or a means of deterring. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=deterrence  deterrence  -n.the act of deterring http://www.factmonster.com/ipd/A0405682.html  Deterrence (n.) That which deters; a deterrent; a hindrance. http://www.brainydictionary.com/words/de/deterrence153531.html  Now, are we in agreement that deterrence means " the act of deterring? OK  deter -v.t., -terred, -terring. 1. to discourage or restrain from acting or proceeding:  2. to prevent; check; arrest: timber treated with creosote to deter rot.  http://www.factmonster.com/ipd/A0405601.html  Deter verb {T} -rr to prevent or discourage someone from doing something by making it difficult for them to do it or by threatening bad results if they do it: http://www.freesearch.co.uk/dictionary/deterring  So, deter means (in addition to Maxwell's inflexible definition) to prevent, check, arrest, restrain from acting. I submit to you that the death of the criminal does all of these things to his ability to commit further crimes. emoticon_rolleyes  And Phunting, I suggest that you find yourself a better dictionary. :p
No apology necessary.  Though I doubt it's "cleared up". :p :p   Waxy  I agree on both points.  If detail is unimportant, there's no need for a dictionary.
Unfortunately for you, me and this thread I am every bit as stubborn as you are! :p I too have a linguistic background and am not going to give up so easily on semantics. .... So as you see legally the death penalty is a general deterrent as it is only a deterrence in that it scares others into not committing the crime through example to others. Specific deterrents, ones that change the criminals behaviour, are designed to stop the criminals committing the crimes through choice, as again they are scared of suffering the same punishments again.  Apologies to everyone on these forums for all this, but it had to be cleared up.  It's still not cleared up. If you recall the quote that I posted several days ago:  DETERRENCE As a justification for capital punishment, deterrence is used to suggest that executing murderers will decrease the homicide rate by causing other potential murderers not to commit murder for fear of being executed themselves ("general deterrence") and, of course, that the murderer who is executed will not kill again ("specific deterrence") (Bowers, 1988)   http://www.cpa.ca/ogloff.htm    You see that the term "specific deterrence" is used by Bower when describing the deterrent effect of killing the criminal on the criminal's future ability to kill again. I'm still looking for Bowers original works on the subject, though.  And, as for synonyms for deter:   Entry Word: deter Function: verb Text: 1  Synonyms DISSUADE, disadvise, discourage, divert  Related Word prevent; block, hinder, impede, obstruct; debar, shut out; frighten, scare; inhibit, restrain  Contrasted Words abet, incite, instigate; excite, provoke, stimulate; actuate, motivate 2  Synonyms PREVENT 2, avert, forestall, forfend, obviate, preclude, rule out, stave off, ward  http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/thesaurus?book=Thesaurus&va=deter&x=17&y=15  If Merriam-Webster agrees with me, why don't you? ;)
 You see that the term "specific deterrence" is used by Bower when describing the deterrent effect of killing the criminal on the criminal's future ability to kill again. I'm still looking for Bowers original works on the subject, though.Even the best of authors can misuse a word now and then.  And, as for synonyms for deter:  Entry Word: deter Function: verb Text: 1  Synonyms DISSUADE, disadvise, discourage, divert  Related Word prevent; block, hinder, impede, obstruct; debar, shut out; frighten, scare; inhibit, restrain  Contrasted Words abet, incite, instigate; excite, provoke, stimulate; actuate, motivate 2  Synonyms PREVENT 2, avert, forestall, forfend, obviate, preclude, rule out, stave off, ward  http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/thesauru...deter&x=17&y=15     If Merriam-Webster agrees with me, why don't you? ;)   Synonyms are words that have the same or nearly the same meaning in some or all senses. They are not necessarily indentical or totally interchangeable. In this particular case (deterrence) there is not application to a dead man by the particular word. Some of the synonyms you mentioned could be applied, but not the word itself.  A good thesaurus will list similar words also: deterrent: hindrance, impediment, obstacle, see restraint.  It would be improper to say, "He has a speach deterrent" when one means to convey that "He has a speach impediment."
... This is the only reference of the death penalty being a 'specific deterrent'. And according to what some have said a dubious one at that. Every legal site I have looked at has most defiantly listed the death penalty as a general deterrence, specific deterrents being those which the criminal looks back upon and knowledge of them happening again dissuades them from committing again.   Like Maxwell, you're missing the point. The content of the argument isn't what I was arguing; it was the grammatical use of the word deterrent as it applies to a dirt napper's ability to commit a future crime. I've agreed that most murders are crimes of passion so consequences of those actions don't enter into the thought process.  And, while we're speaking about linguistics. What do you mean by "defiantly" in the above statement?   I think Jim answers this point quite correctly  You wrote" Now your argument is based around the fact that some dictionaries list deterrence to mean 'preventing' something. And indeed it does, for if you discourage something you are in effect preventing it. Yet this does not mean that the word is synonymous with 'prevent', as prevent encapsulates much more."  Some dictionaries' definitions make no such distinction and do not imply that deter has to have an element of conscious thought associated with the act. Deter can simply mean prevent. Period. It's only when you slant the meaning with current conventional thought that it means more. Prior to MAD, there wasn't the concept of nuclear deterrence, for example. It is a modern construct.
...And indeed it does, for if you discourage something you are in effect preventing it.  Yet this does not mean that the word is synonymous with 'prevent', as prevent encapsulates much more."  ....  Actually, when you discourage something you are in effect attempting to prevent it. ;)
Actually, when you discourage something you are in effect attempting to prevent it. ;)   Originally NOT Posted by JPSartre12 ...And indeed it does, for if you discourage something you are in effect preventing it. Yet this does not mean that the word is synonymous with 'prevent', as prevent encapsulates much more."  Phunting wrote the statement above, not me.
A few comments on the death penalty, not to anyone in particular (didn't read all the posts :-) ):  Seems to me that we all know the deterent effects of stiff punishment-get busted for speeding and get a warning, you are more likely to laugh it off and keep speeding..when you get busted and slammed with a $200 fine, that stays with you awhile. So, seems to me that when you make death a quick (as in timely) and certain punishment, there is most definitely a deterent effect. Now, the problem I REALLY have with the death penalty is the method. We all know that if we can choose our way of dying, we would all most certainly choose to die painlessly in our sleep. Well, death row inmates have it great in those terms, do they not? They get to be put to sleep..plain and simple..what a great way to go. Now, imagine if you knew you were gonna die bloody and painfully-kinda frightening, isn't it? Afterall, isn't that one of the big reasons we fear death? If I KNEW I would go painlessly, I wouldn't fear it as much, if at all.
JPSartre12: As a self proclaimed writer, you know full well that you should refrain from using dictionaries that define the word WITH THE WORD. .... No one is arguing that deter does not mean prevent. We are arguing that deter is not a all usable term for prevent.   Hum, for someone who professes to know the English language, how come you consistently use "a" in front of a vowel. Didn't your third grade English teacher teach you any better..last year? emoticon_rolleyes
Know what?   Let's just drop the semantics. You are not willing to accept the defintion accepted by the courts, the people, and history itself. I am not willing to ignore parts of words to suit a argument. I talked the pizza? No, I don't support that form of arguing (and neither should you).  I've seen plenty of words misused by all three of those entities, but I'll drop the semantics in favor of substance.  Moving on. Should we support the current penalty?  Yes, we should support the death penalty. While it may not deter (oh no, there's that dreaded word again) others from committing capital crimes, it does provide a measure of justice/retribution to the victm's family, friends and society as a whole. If practiced as designed, it would also alleviate some of the fears of prisoner's escaping, life sentences being commuted 20 years later and some of the fiscal burden that we, as Americans, refuse to pay. Many Americans speak out against capital punishment, in favor of life sentences, and then vote against increased spending for prisons. This causes criminals who have committed lesser crimes to be given shorter sentences and gives them the opportunity to graduate to capital crimes. I also believe that the system is broken in many states, specifically IL, where courts have refused to allow DNA testing to make sure of a criminal's guilt/innocence. I'm in favor of removing doubt before executing anybody.
I do believe it was YOU who said they wrote for a living, not me, not to mention that attacks on grammer and spelling are some of the worst, and lowest forms of "debating" a person can do. It shows how little they really have to say, instead of actually talking about the subject, they resort to nit picking the very grammer of a post. Pathetic. If that is all you have to say, why are you still here? Only immature and weak debaters even consider resorting to comments on simple grammer. Notice the person who resorted to them. Notice the high and mighty "i'm a writer so you're wrong" attitude. Notice who used dictionary terms that defined the word with the word. Sometime tells me you are no better then the liar known as Can'tholdmedown.   I find it quite disengenuous of you, who spent several posts nitpicking my choice of the word "deterrent" by making snide comments, coming back now and giving me a lecture on debating tactics. You opened the can of worms, I just oblidged you. If you don't want people to hurl invectives back at you, then don't start the flurry.  Remember, it was you who wrote: "JPSartre12: Oh boy. Another person who has flunked english 101. " "Yup, you failed english. "  Is that how you debate? I always thougth that personal attacks were the weakest form of argument. You can't fault the argument, so you attack the person. Isn't that exactly what you intended to do with your comments above? You provoked a response, in kind , and now want to run away from it. I passed English 101; I passed Technical Writing for Scientists; I passed Calculus, Physics, Organic Chemistry and a plethora of other courses.   The Supreme court STATED there was NO evidence of deterrence. Your inability to research a CREDIBLE source that does not rely on LIES, DISTORTIONS and OUTRIGHT DISREGARD OF INFORMATION says much about you.  Again with the cocky attitude. We all know that the Supreme Court is the end all for everything, right? emoticon_rolleyes IMO, the Supreme Court has a batting average of about 0.500.  You tried to take my use of the word deterrent, as applied to the daisy pusher, and argue that the criminal's death didn't "deter" him from committing another crime on a purely myoptic understanding of the definition of deter. Was that arguing substance over semantics?  How is taking more life justice? If someone killed my relative, I wouldn't want them killed, I would want them to spend the rest of their lives in hard, back breaking labor. Death is a release from all suffering, no murderer deserves that.  If someone killed a relative of mine, I'd want to PERSONALLY throw the switch or put a bullet in their head. An eye for an eye IS justice in some instances. It may not be YOUR idea of justice, but it IS mine.  Justice is not revenge.  That's your opinion and one not shared by many people, including me.  Yet the opposite group wants more executions and fisical responsiblity, quite a contridictory attiutude is it?   No, it isn't. Fiscal responsibility can occur when criminals are locked up (or executed). The crime rate drops, less police are needed, ultimately less jails would be needed, but that's generally not the "Party Platform". Republicans are for fiscal responsibility, strong defense and tough law enforcement measurements. The three aren't mutually exclusive if you cut out all of the social engineering programs that are draining our economy.  And you came up with that asseration yourself? Violent crimes can be stopped by enforcing the very early crimes, aka vandalism. Go look up what New York did, by enforcing the minor laws in a draconian method, major crimes plummeted, not the method you are proclaiming.  Again with the smart@$$ed comments. How many times in recent years have judges ordered prisons to allow some criminals serving time for lesser crimes out due to prison overcrowding?  "Within the last five years, the Judicial Branch has addressed prison overcrowding by (1) creating a Jail Re-Interview program in 1998 to reassess defendants for possible bail modification; (2) enhancing residential services; (3) creating a split sentence notification project to notify offenders of the conditions of their probation to attempt to prevent violations of probation for failing to report; and (4) implementing the Probation Risk Reduction Program, a new assessment, classification, and supervision system, and hiring new probation officers. Attached is additional information provided by the Judicial Branch.  Recent legislation also addressed prison overcrowding by (1) creating a zero-tolerance drug supervision program, (2) altering parole eligibility, (3) expanding eligibility for the pretrial drug education and alcohol education programs, (4) expanding eligibility for the community service labor program, (5) giving judges discretion to impose less than the law's mandatory minimum sentence on some drug felons, (6) expanding eligibility for accelerated rehabilitation, (7) creating a state prevention council, and (8) increasing the credit that a person receives for his confinement in certain circumstances. A 2001 act authorized the Judicial Branch, within available appropriations, to establish an alternative incarceration center in the New Haven Judicial District." http://www.cga.state.ct.us/2002/olrdata/jud/rpt/2002-R-0777.htm  "IDOC officials say that this measure will allow them to control, without incarcerating in prison, approximately 6,300 offenders of the projected 10,000 population growth over the next four years. This legislation does not address prison overcrowding per se. It allows IDOC to free up beds by moving two-thirds of those expected to overcrowd the system into less expensive means of control: boot camps and electronic detention and greater incentives - reductions in sentences - to more inmates who participate in more rehabilitation programs. It also authorizes building a super-maximum security prison for the worst-of-the-worst inmates, even though Gov. Edgar originally opposed any more prison building." http://www.lib.niu.edu/ipo/ii930857.html  But they do have a law forcing post-conviction DNA testing.   (6) The 2 States that have established statutory processes for post-conviction DNA testing, Illinois and New York, have the most post-conviction DNA exonerations, 14 and 7, respectively.  http://feingold.senate.gov/~feingold/issuearea/innocenceprotectionact.html  I'm well aware of IL statute. It was recently enacted because of chronic blocking of requests for post conviction DNA testing. That's why I chose it as my example of a broken system. The governor stopped all executions because of a corupted appeals process that limited the use of post-conviction DNA sampling.  http://www.icadp.org/  As I stated before, I'm in favor of capital punishment when we're 100% sure of the criminal's guilt.
Is THAT how you see it? Wow, the world is black and white with you. What I was talking about was the use of the word by the rest of the world, the use of the word throughout history, and the use of the word in law, explain to me how those are the same as nitpicking on the use of "a" and "an."   Apparently dispelling fallacies as well as giving legal definitions is snide to you.   Not to mention a few other things I won't mention.   Well considering how "well" you debated the point with ignoring history, ignoring the use of it in law, ignoring the accepted use, using fallacies, using distortions and lies, and upholding a single word and ignoring the rest (I talked the pizza!), it really doesn't matter. I didn't post that ridiculous essays which essentially has the argument Bobby was around when the birds flew, therefore Bobby made the birds fly.   How am I running away from it. You keep ignoring the fact that you are ignoring a vast amount of information to uphold a single word instead of the entire meaning. I talked the pizza! Is that correct? In your eyes yes.   Being a blowhard doesn't mean you are correct. Physics has nothing to do with accepted legal definitions. Another fallacy you are using, along with knowledge of the ancients. Much of your arguments are based on known fallacies I have pointed out time and time again, and which you have ignored time and time again. Do you have any real facts or just fallacies?   At least they don't judge on lies, distortions, and ignorance as the essay you did does. That's quite something to say that when you have posted a essay far worse then how they judge. Ignoring the fact that you did this doesn't make you right.   Purely myoptic understanding? Is that what you call the historical use of the word for the past 3,000 years? Apparently the legal definition, historical definiton and accept defintion are all semantics to you have no bearing. If we all ignored parts of word we did not like, no one could communicate. I talked the pizza! You can constantly ignored how that is exactly what you are doing.   Alright. But you're just giving them the ultimate freedom. No more pain, no more suffering, no more hardship, no more earthly demands, no more constantly uncertaintly, no more worrying, no more problems. Doesn't sound like the murderer is even being punished.   An eye for an eye and the whole world goes blind.   Ignorant. Executing people is costing this country money, lives, and dignity. The crime rate doesn't drop with more penalties, it increases. If you know anything about how these trials are paid for, you would know that counties, counties that are usually in the RED, have to pay for them. They cut social services FIRST, and pressure police to handle the major crimes, not the small crimes. And as any knowledge person knows, without that form of help and enforcement, crime rates go up. If republicans are for fiscal responsibitly, why are republicans voting for Bush? Do you realize it costs more to kill people then the put them away for life?   Do you even understand how the system in NY works? None of what you say even matters if we applied it to the entire country.  Well, it took me a while, but now I'm convinced that you're no more than a troll. Your only intent with your "in your face" attitude is to provoke a negative response. When I pointed out examples of a word used in context, you attacked the argument, not the proper use of the word (which was my only reason for incorporating it in the first place). You made several snide comments about my writing abilities, which I may add are superior to your own. Do you ever read what you write? Do you even care? And now, in this post, you've called me a blowhard and ignorant because my view of the world doesn't correspond to yours. Too bad, junior. Get used to it. Life is full of differences, some good, some bad. You might want to bone up on your own debating skills, which are severely lacking from my perspective. Name calling rarely wins an argument past the third grade level.  And, it is YOU who thinks that everything can be reduced to definite yes/no answers. I've been around enough to know that's not the case. So, before I waste any more time feeding a troll, I'll end my discourse with you and give you a chance to dry out behind the ears before re-engaging again.
Errr isn't it obvious? I was referring to the fact that despite certain minority fringe groups suggesting that the death penalty is a specific deterrent, legal authorities defy their view and continue to insist otherwise.  Either that or it was a typo. emoticon_emb  OK, now it's clear as mud. emoticon_confused :)
Guys lets cool it shall we? Getting ridiculously off topic by in-depth semantics is bad enough (and yes I know it was as much my fault as anyone else's), but lets not degenerate into slagging match.  No problem here. As I alluded to above, DM is persona non gratis in my book. emoticon_xgood
It was a typo dammit! I just didn't want to admit it...  :)  I figured as much, hence the :) after the emoticon_confused  Does your soul feel cleansed now? emoticon_xangel
...Do you realize it costs more to kill people then  the put them away for life?     ...  Please explain this. Show me some figures on the cost of an execution and the cost of life imprisonment. Base it on a 21 year old criminal whose life expectancy is 50 more years.    Also, please explain how the Supreme Court can logically back up a claim that capital punishment is not a deterrent to capital crime. Do they have figures on how many times people have decided not to commit a crime? Are they comparing statistics among states with and without the death penalty?  (BTW, make sure your hands are clean before you tell someone else they need to wash theirs.)
this is not about cost, it is about whitch is more humane, in your opinion, life in a cage, or death?
No problem.   here is data from a internet paper floating around in the internet.   A commission after an extended study came to the conclusion that the cost to execute a convict was far more than the total expenses of life without parole. On average, the commission found execution was 38% more expensive then life without parole. On average, the yearly costs for life without parole total to $22,000 per prisoner. If a prisoner serves the mandatory 60 years, it will cost the state roughly $1.32 million for a single life sentence. While those statistics may seem staggering, what is truly astounding are the statistics from other studies, such as one by North Carolina. That study found that it costs $2.16 million per execution more than the of prosecuting a non-capital punishment case, and a lifetime sentence combined. If you apply that cost to the rest of the nation&#8217;s executions, the nation has spent over $1 billion on capital punishment since the reinstatement of the penalty via Gregg vs. Georgia in 1976. The Miami Herald estimated that in the state of Florida, the 18 prisoners executed in the fifteen years from 1973 to 1988, cost an average of $3.2 million per convict, totaling $57.6 million.  However, one must remember that it takes a trial to send a person to death row, and eventually to their final destination. The National Bureau of Economics Research, directed by Katherine Baicker, found that sixteen years of capital punishment trials have costs the nation $1.6 billion dollars. They also found most capital punishment cases fall on a county&#8217;s budget. Subsequently, the counties that prosecute these cases must balance the high costs, and most cut programs, slash budgets of fire and police departments, and public transportation. However, this is usually not enough, and higher taxes end up balancing the budget. One example of counties balancing their budgets by those methods is Douglas County, Kansas. The residents of the county have a $1.7 million budget deficit. The county has already cut $1.5 million from the budget, which will degrade the quality of programs in the county. On top of that $1.7 million deficit, a capital punishment case is scheduled in that county. Recent estimates of the trial have the total cost ranging into the $2 million price tag. Commissioner Jones was quoted comparing the costs to the trial&#8217;s results, &#8220;That extra measure of justice or vengeance -- however you want to call it -- is not worth all the sacrifices you&#8217;ll have to make.&#8221; Clearly the costs of the trial have an impact, enough to make the people wonder if it is truly worth invoking the death penalty.  Many wonder how is death more expensive than life! Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin&#8217;s 2002 death penalty case breakdown is as follows: Four prosecutors for the two-month trial, including preparation time totaled $296,000. $34,000 was spent on equipment, presentations for the trial, and expert testimonies. Another $43,000 was allocated for investigators to research the case. $164,000 was paid to one of the defense attorneys. The other three attorneys did not submit their legal fees, but the estimated additional fees top out at $200,000. The jury selection costs the state more than $87,000. The calculated costs add up to $602,000, without overtime pay to deputies. However, this case did not end with a conviction to death row, but only life without parole. This cost is unusually low since Jamil did not go through the multiple appeals that most convicts do when originally given the death sentence. A convict can appeal to his or her state&#8217;s Supreme Court, then an intermediate court, and finally the US Supreme Court. If Jamil received the death penalty, the low end of his three appeals would total $1.806 million. If he did appeal, the low end of the sum of his appeals plus his first trial total $2.4 million. That total is significantly more than $1.32 million that Indiana&#8217;s Commission had found for room and board of a life sentence.   Indiana Criminal Law Study Commission, January 10, 2002 The Costs of Processing Murder Cases in North Carolina, Duke University May 1993  Miami Herald, July 10, 1988 The Budgetary Repercussions of Capital Convictions Lawrence Journal World, February 3, 2003 Atlanta Journal-Constitution, May 12, 2002   &#8220;Although some of the studies suggest that the death penalty may not function as a significantly greater deterrent than lesser penalties, there is no convincing empirical evidence supporting or refuting this view.&#8221;  Gregg vs. Georgia, Supreme Court Of The United States, 428 U.S. 153, March 31, 1976  That and countries without the penalty have substantially lower crime rates. Think about it. If it WAS a deterrent, why isn't there any convincing empirical evidence saying it is after 3,000 years of use? Answer me that.     The supreme court has access to every legal staistics and study ever done in this country.     And what do you mean by this? This can be used aganist many Bush supporters just to let you know.  JPSartre12: Ignoring your own character flaws and use of widespread fallacies does not make you right nor does it win arguments.  So you are comparing incarceration to the costs of prosecution and conviction for capital crimes, not just the execution.  I noted in an article regarding the cost of the death penalty in California that a capital trial costs $1,898,323.00 while a non-capital trial costs $627,322.00. The bulk of the increased cost goes to the lawyers, investigators, the court and the jail. True, some of this is taxpayer money, but it's being recirculated through payrolls and redistributed as taxable income, so it's really not that expensive.  The execution itself costs far less than incarceration. I have made a standing offer to perform executions for $250.00 a head (group rates available) and that includes burial at sea.
...  Then we abandon many civil rights, including due process of law. Like I said, it would be cheaper if we ran our system like Saudi Arabia, but we don't, nor should we, that's if we consider our society civilized. ...  I offer to execute only those who have been proven guilty, not just suspected of it.  Incidently, there's a country (I think in South America) where if you cause an auto accident that hurts someone and you are determined by the officer in charge of the scene to be under the influence of alcohol, he can shoot you dead at the scene, thus saving the cost of a trial.
A year ago I stopped at the scene of an accident of a vehicle driven by a woman who I witnessed sail over the median and land squarely in the opposite side of the freeway. We all, including the state trooper, believed she was intoxicated judging by the response to questions, with slurred speech and all, but the paramedics who arrived later found her bracelet identifying her as diabetic, suffering an insulin reaction. Think of the medical expenses we could have saved with a simple bullet.  I did not claim to agree with the policy of shooting people at the accident scene. I do not.  My father was diabetic and I learned what it's like for a diabetic to have high and low blood sugar.  I believe in the swift and relatively painless execution of those convicted (in a qualified court) of capital crimes.
Emclean: Oh but it is about cost. The trial of one alleged criminal will likely cost many other families the lives of their loved ones. That is unacceptable in almost every case and notion to me. We do not kill people to ensure that more innocents are murder.    is it is better to lock up the families loved ones forever?
I don't know what exactly to think of it only I think it saves us the cost of prisons!
but IMO it is more humain to put them down and not leave them in a cage for the rest of there lives.
but IMO it is more humain to put them down and not leave them in a cage for the rest of there lives. Who cares about Humanity when someone has murdered your father (mine) This hits very close to home, and I have been on the fence about this issue for a very long time... Just last year the man who murdered my father was taken off of death row and will not be executed because 22 years after he has been on death row, they decided he was retarded IQ 75... so they took him off.. Over the years he has walked 3 times and gotten a last minute stay of execution, I was there each time for I was to be a witness as a promise to my grandmother to be there... It didnt hit me until I read your post that just maybe I will finally get justice or be able to put this to rest. When you said it was more Humane to put them down then to cage them up.. then so be it. I hope he rots in the cell he lives in. IMHO
I don't agree with capital punishment because I believe all people have a right to life but I have to agree that the greater punishment for criminals is to keep them alive. Death is quick and easy, a life forced to live with what you have done is far greater punishment. Let them rot in a cage for the rest of their natural lives. But if a loved one were murdered for simply protecting his/her family, what would life in prison do for justice? For you? For the low-life - but maybe get him paroled for some pacified, gutless reason/excuse?
Do you define justice as taking another person's life? Will the wrong doers death lessen your loss? I don't believe the eye for an eye attitude has a place in modern society.   In all most all cases where the death penalty is an issue, chance of parole is usually not on the table. I am advocating life in prison without the option of parole. This way the criminal will not be able to harm anyone else and will be forced to live out his or her years in misery. No. But what is the definition of justice these days when the longer you can hold out the more pacifists have a chance of rating you under their standards; getting you put into an institution of some sort, for example? Keeping someone in prison "serving his time" is just that - serving. That doesn't happen like it should, if at all anymore.
Do you define justice as taking another person's life? Will the wrong doers death lessen your loss? I don't believe the eye for an eye attitude has a place in modern society.   In all most all cases where the death penalty is an issue, chance of parole is usually not on the table. I am advocating life in prison without the option of parole. This way the criminal will not be able to harm anyone else and will be forced to live out his or her years in misery. In theory it is real simple to hold such an opinion, now just coming from my point of view... I have had to live with this in my life since I was 12. I will be 36 in December. My father was murdered and his killer sentenced to death. So of course I had to come to terms as I got older if it were a revenge feeling.. Of course it is, how can it not be. But Sinjin put it to me one way a long time ago, and that was maybe if the death penalty were like the old days. Western times if you will, I would be the one to shoot the killer for justice, then could I? I am not sure, which also begs the question on my support for the death penalty. Will the wrong doer's death lessen my grief? maybe... As I said in my previous post I went to the prison 3 times to witness the execution, so he walked 3 times, 3 times he thought he was going to die, 3 times he prayed for his life... Maybe that was a good enough punishment but no one can ever take away the pain of losing someone you love to a violent crime. It makes you question everything about life. I don't know if I ever will have a strong conviction about my support for or against the death penalty simply because I am too close to it. But I have thought about it for a very long time. Now that he is off death row, I would be a liar if I said I am not disappointed. Everyone needs closure and for me his execution meant closure, that is selfish I know but it was something. The terms of his release from death row were in my mind so wrong, and without getting into too much detail I feel that the system did not work in this case. I have been told that it could be possible for him to be out on parole, which is so wrong... I wonder how many people would change their mind about the death penalty if it hit close to home?
 In some cases the only way to truly see things clearly is to take a step back from the situation and view it from outside of yourself.   It is natural to want closure or some visible sign that another has to suffer your pain, but it is our very humanity that we must rise above to realize that all life is precious and extinguishing the life of another never solves anything.  Anyone that knows me, knows that I have a huge heart and this has been a struggle for me.. It is so hard to step outside, one moment I feel like death is the only justice, but I have to admit at the last hearing, as I testified before the Governor and the Supreme Court I did think about his family although it wasnt much of a family...It did occur to me to think about him and his.... I even considered visiting him once but a few drinks later that notion left my head...Also for someone who takes another's life, who is to say that prison would not be enjoyable or liveable for them at some point of their resolve? Just a thought..
It is natural to want closure or some visible sign that another has to suffer your pain, but it is our very humanity that we must rise above to realize that all life is precious and extinguishing the life of another never solves anything. I don't mean something that might happen in the heat of the moment but rather something as calculated as capital punishment. By demanding the life of another we soil ourselves with hate that comes with revenge. I might wish the person that harmed my family so should never take another breath but I know that noone has the right to take another's life in such a manner.  how about treating the person who has been deamed by the courts to never ba able to re-enter scoity (life with out the possabilty of parole) as we wood a dangrous anamal, that they haveusuly proven to be? i am not talking about revenge, just permently removing them from scoity, and removing the risk of them escaping and doing more hard (Texis 7 anyone)
OJ was a bad orange. We should make a law that makes rich people and poor people blessed with the same punishments and laws.
  P.s Anastasia, thanks for sharing a very personal view of this issue with us. By the way Anastasia, thanks for the personal story. I can tell you have very strong feelings on this subject. I'm very sorry. As I said though, death doesn't bring back the dead. I understand how it must feel for someone to be able to live after doing such a horrible thing but I think that he will be serving the greater punishment rotting in jail his whole life with the same thing every single day. Thanks... It is a hard thing to deal with, and I don't know if I will ever make up my mind where I stand on this issue. I just wanted to speak up, because sometimes it is easy to come to a conclusion when you are removed from it. :)
Why? Why have people punished for trying to commit suicide? they need help not someone to kill them for them!
I don't believe that all people that attempt sucide really want to die. If someone really wants to kill themself, there are many ways that will work first time, every time. Dono   I agree totally with Dono on this one....often they are crying out for attention or tyring to ease some pain...in most cases the are trying to ease a temorary pain with a permenant solution.   as for the rest of this thread.... Anastasia...what a painful experience to have to deal with and go thru. Thanks for sharing it.   I have days where I go back and forth on this issue...I think its rediculous for us to pay for a person's food, lodging, etc for a lifetime in prison...and in my opinion in most cases todays prisions are way too extravagant. a place to lie, a place to take care of bodily functions and four walls are fine with me....I do see that the justice system is far from perfect and that the death sentence in cases where its carried out prevents "undoing" one's sentence....but I don't know that more buildings with more life terms is the answer either.
I certainly cannot claim to be anywhere as close to this issue as Antastisia, but I think life in prison is very generous for a murderer. Many of these guys live a long and lucrative life from behind bars. They can still practice hobbies they love like painting for example. Many have conned women on the outside into loving them, thus furfilling their love lives as best they can. Many find god and are allowed to die in peace, belieiving that all is forgiven. Guys inside are relieved of all outside obligations, recieving three hots and a cot with cable television for no work in return.  It is my opinion that they should go out just as scared and lonely as their victims. They should not be granted the oppurtunity to escape obligations, practice hobbies, find the lord and redemption, or milk society.  I understand this sounds cold, but I also understand that they are the villian here. They should be treated as such. Forget the appeals and year after year in prison. If convicted, they get one appeal to be conducted within a year of the prior conviction. If found guilty then they die alone and scared, knowing that they will not wake up. Knowing that they will not be saved by Jesus or whomever. Knowing they are the dirt of our society and not worthy of life amoungst the rest of us.  But that is just one man's opinion.
itObviously they want to die. Why not do it for them? Okay sure tell society that attempted suicide is bad but do it for them great job :xcensored
so it is better to keep them locked up like animals, and hope that they do not escape and do more harm?
Apparently I'm not very good at showing sarcasm. This was supposed to be sarcasm.  Sorry! I'm use to being serious!
Well, it does cost more money to kill someone then to keep them locked up for life. Roughly $1 million to $2 million depending on the state the case is tried in.  Not to mention that at least 23 innocent people have been executed, which a large number of estimated as well.   And that a huge number of defense lawyers were disbared within a very short period of time after losing a death penalty case.   Not to mention that with 3,000 years of use, we don't have a single piece of evidence proving it actually deters crime.   So....you make the call. The lacksidasical (sp?) politicaly correct death penalty we impose here in America may not deter crime as well as we think it should. However the middle eastern and Asian countries that punish criminals without regard to political correctness have a much lower crime rate.  So I argue that 3000 years of use does provide evidence that capital punishment works.
There are many countries with lower murder rates than the U.S. and no death penalty. Americans murder more and the punishment has nothing to do with it.  Why do you suppose Americans are so murderous? I do not have the knowledge to answer this question. I suspect that the divisiveness between the haves and havenots plays its part.   There are many reasons Americans murder. Why they do it more than other citizens I cannot explain.  Have you the answer?
Do they, really? Well, I suppose you have to have a fairly stable society with a fair amount of law and order before you start calling it murder, don't you? As opposed to guerilla warfare.   In order to argue that the death penalty should be used, you have to prove that there is a very good reason to limit the most fundamental of rights, the right to life. There are several reasons why this is difficult to do:   1. Justice system is not infallable - as has been mentioned, people make mistakes.   2. As has been mentioned, there is no evidence that capital punishment acts as a deterant (because murder is either committed in cold blood - in which case you're not expecting to be caught - or in a heightened emotional state - in which case you're not thinking at all)  Also interesting (and I can make the full arguments if you want) death row could be considered a form of cruel and unusual punishment/torture (which, believe it or not, is against numerous international conventions).   Indeed, the justice system is not perfect, but it is better and more acurate than ever before. We have technology that is constantly evolving and making acurate convictions easier to obtain.  The death penalty is the ultamit deterrant. How can a person commit murder again if he is dead? He can't steal a stick of gum much less commit murder. Your assertion that all murders are not thinking due to a hightened emotional state is inaccurate, but for arguement sake lets go with it. Hightened emotional states does not make murder justifyable. They still commited murder and should pay the consequences as such.  Death row cruel and unusual punishment? It is suppose to be. They are being punished. It is not meant to be a stroll in the park, or beer guzzling ball game party. The thugs and degerates on death row deserve less than they recieve now, IMHO.
Dono .........   Yes we do kill more inmates than any other state and I quess in some sick and twisted way I am proud to be Texan because of it. You are intitled to your opinion as I mine. I was in Huntsville a week ago and did a once around the prison.   I think your stance is weak. I don't see a problem with revenge and believe murderers deserve to die the same way their victims went. If you think that makes us all murders then sobeit. I will lose no sleep over the death of a convicted killer. In fact I revel in the idea that he went out on our terms and not his own. If this makes me evil or reprehensible in your view then sobeit as well. I will not view a killer as a victim.
Dono and ladyhawk, you both seem to be advocating an all or nothing approach. You suggest one innocent man was put to death so there for no one should be put to death. Why excuse everyone? There certainly must be some people on death row that are guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.   Ladyhawk you are advocating the wild west. To sum up your statement you believe since we are killing people anyway we might as well be doing it the streets with little to no law and order. You must see the ludicricness (I think I just invented a word) of that option.  Dono, you don't really have any points to refute. This debate is more about opinion than fact. I do find it tragic that innocent people are put to death before the truth is revealed. As I mentioned before criminal technology is moving us away from the days of finger pointing and convicting. I'm not sure what the answer is. Oops seems a little passive. Allowing all the truely guilty off death row in exchange for life in prison seems passive also.
Dono ....... We are just repeating ourselves here Dono. This is not a debate it sis a statement of opinion.  There is no acceptable ratio. I still believe many are proven beyond a reasonable doubt and therefore should serve there sentence.   You then stated an opinion that the dollars and cents make life a better call. I disagree. You may find my reasons in earlier posts.  You are correct, killing innocent people should not be condoned. How many of the 117 people released got off an a technicality? Which means guilty murders are walkingthe street.   The rich get off on technicalities found by high priced lawyers. It should not happen. OJ should be facing the same fate his wife and her boyfriend met. Technacalities get keep you out of prison but they don't make you innocent.  Texas also has one of the highest populations in the country. More people=more murder.  A glimmer of progress?????????? What is this????  I gave my opinion on the benefits of life in prison over the death penalty. If you wish to see them go back a page.
I never said that. You completely missed the premise of the argument concerning the redistrubtion of funds in cases and how it deals with outreach programs to stop violence.     Many many people had their defense lawyer disbarred with 6 months of their case? How many of them were executed before forensic science could clear them? How many of them were subjected to racial prejudice that lead to their deaths?     Comparable countries without the death penalty have fewer murders then Texas.   Are you Dou Max or Dono? Because you are responding to my replies to the questions Dono asked me.
Are you Dou Max or Dono? Because you are responding to my replies to the questions Dono asked me.He does that just to agree with himself on the forum...makes it look like he actually has a friend.  I'm heartily in favor of the death penalty. It is not more expensive than locking someone up for life if you go ahead and do it. The bleeding heart lawyers make money with every appeal. That's why there are so many.  Wrongly convicted death penalty victims would be collateral damage...a small price to pay for more bed space in the prisons.
....comming from one who has failed to refute a single argument I have made. You have been refuted. You just can't bring yourself to admit it.    It far more expensive then killing them. On average, $1-2 MILLION more, costing the US over several BILLION dollars in just case costs. It's amazing how much this penalty costs and how much we actually pay for it in innocent lives due to redistribution of funds. I can easily crush you on this topic. It is far more expensive to keep someone in prison than it is to kill them. When YOU calculate the cost of execution you add in the repeated appeals. There should be only ONE appeal. If it fails, an execution should happen shortly thereafter.    Comming from the person who loathes the idea of 'due process' and would like to see a Saudi version where we grab people off the streets, beat them until they falsely confess then execute them, all while making no effort to actually find and punish the person responsible. I believe in due process. It used to be a fair trial followed by a decent hanging.  If we have a death penalty statute on the books, a person is convicted under that statute, his ONE appeal fails...he should die. That's due process.  If we're not going to carry out the sentence, why have it on the books?  Either kill the bastards or don't say you plan to.    How about the innocent people murdered by people who would have been prevented through proper use of funds in social and police networks?   Are they COLLATERAL as well?You say that as if drowning the police in money would prevent murders. The police react to crimes, they generally don't prevent them except in police states where they know everyone's every move.  Money saved by doing away with repeated appeals could go toward social services.  Then you'd still have the liberal judges letting criminals out. Sometimes it seems that judges and the police actually think a restraining order is sufficient to keep an irate man from killing his ex-wife.  Unless half the population is police, you can't have someone watching over you all the time. That's why you need to carry your own gun.
But that is not how it does happen. Our system is set up differently. So it DOES cost more in the current system to execute. Until (and if) the system changes YOU have been refuted.I'm not arguing that in our present system execution costs more. I've seen the figures on the costs of a capital punishment trial, the endless appeals and other handouts to the lawyers bent on keeping a death row inmate alive for years and years. I'm saying this is a stupid way to run a railroad.  If someone is convicted of a capital crime and sentenced to death, that person should have ONE and only ONE appeal to reverse the sentence or the conviction. Then that person should die.  If we're not going to do it that way, let's change the law and outlaw capital punishment. It's nothing but a smorgasborg for lawyers.    I just don't get the being all gung-ho on it anyway. There is room for error. And sorry, your collateral damage idea has got to be the biggest load BS I have EVER heard of. As a citizen it's not OK to kill an innocent person, up and to the point of you supporting the death penalty, but it is OK for the government to kill an innocent citizen????? DUDE! They work for us. I personally don't want them to have that kind of power.  Plus dead men can't make license plates.I knew the collateral damage bit would raise eyebrows. I'm not really in favor of killing innocent people either. I'm in favor of changing the law...to one of two options: either limit the appeals to ONE or don't condemn anybody to death.    If you REALLY want to free up prison space and save money - lose the non-violent offenders. Why do I need to pay for Jimmie's meals because he got caught smoking dope or shop-lifting? Find a more productive way to punish them that is helpful to society and get them out of the prison environments that will likely teach them how to be better criminals. Total agreement here. I'd even go so far as making pot legal. Small time crooks should do community service (and a lot of it).     This bit is actually why I wanted to respond. I live in one Mpls' rougher neighborhoods. When I moved there, it was noisy, but safe enough. About a year ago budget cuts to police went into effect. Since then I have had two shootings outside my house, see more dealing all over the place, and witnessed a drunk drive a stolen car through my sister's yard - who will not be getting arrested because Mpls police don't have the budget to investigate hit and runs that don't involve an injury. And they know who did it.  Hate to break it to you. More cops won't end crime but they sure as heck bring it down.I realize this, also. Even the presense of empty police cars on a stretch of highway will slow down traffic.  More police presense decreases certain types of crime but I doubt it would have much effect on premeditated murder. That's basically all I said.    NO!  I am avid supporter of the Constitution and strongly support your right to carry a weapon as long as you prove responsible with it. But they don't make me feel safe and I don't want them near me. Plus it would just give the ganstas something to want to steal from me.That's a topic that will forever be argued. There is at least one town where gun ownership is required. The crime rate is lower than the national average. I don't know that it would work in all towns, but it does here.
Keep smoking whatever you're smoking. It is obviously very strong. A presumption on your part.    You cannot seperate parts of the process you do not like to suit your argument. Yes I can, and should. There are many instances where I agree with part of an argument.    That would be cherry picking, and a unethical debate tactic, but that suits you fine doesn't it? Lies and deception, Jim's #1 style of "debating."  Your opinion.   That's not due process. Besides, if you knew anything about this process, which is quite clear you know absolutely nothing, you would realize that 1 appeal is not enough. We know that many executees's lawyers were disbarred for ethical law practices. Should we execute someone because their lawyer was toking up before the case? Should we execute someone because they were tried in a predomiantely white trial when a black man was accused of killing a white woman? After all, we KNOW, well I do, unlike you, that in the Furman vs. Georgia case, that blacks and whites were treated differently for the same crime. A white was sent to prison while the black guy was executed.  So you're willing execute someone even though they possibly could have been tried in a racially prejudice district, and due to bad lawyers? I'm not familiar with the details. I don't deny that racial prejudice exists.     ...    ...    We have alot of sentences on the books. Do you know you can be fined for carrying ice cream in your pocket in certain districts in Kansas?Apparently, your confusing sentences with statutes.     Comming from the person who has praised and called for the Saudi version of the death penalty. You have said their process is better. You have posts saying we should adopt their process. You have PRAISED the execution of people made to give FALSE confessions. I praised one incident, not the total Saudi system.    Except that more police on duty would decrease the amount of crimes that occur on the street, and many that lead to murder. See above response to jitobear.    ...    .....who said anything about lettting them out? What do you not understand about life in prison without parole?I've never been there so I'm sure there's quite a lot I don't understand about it.       You will possibly notice in the future that I will ignore your ludicrous rantings and personal attacks.  I don't think I've mentioned race in this tread until now. Is that one of your standard ploys, to bring up aledged prejudice?
capitol punishment works,no convicted fellon ever exsecuted by the state of texas has ever gone on yo kill again.
Texas (my state) is the execution capitol of the world. If capital punishment works (deterrent), why do we have such a high murder rate per capita? It is a fact that innocent men have been executed. Therefore the question is ... is it right for the state to kill an innocent man - ever? Any moral judgment aside, does it make sense to spend over $2 million each to execute versus $750,000 to imprison for life? Dono -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Is it fair to turn a convicted murderer loos into the general population of a prisom only to kill again???
Our prisons currently have many convicted murderers in the general populations and there are no indications that eliminating capital punishment would start a bloodbath. Does your compassion and concern for the general population reach to the occasional innocent on death row? Dono -------------------------------------------------------------------------- You might feel different about it iff you were to be the occasional innocent death.
Being dead, I doubt I would feel anything.  Dono -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Try it you never know.
Are you on ugly pills or are you simply the forums charm school drop out???
I knew the collateral damage bit would raise eyebrows. I'm not really in favor of killing innocent people either. I'm in favor of changing the law...to one of two options: either limit the appeals to ONE or don't condemn anybody to death.  Fantastic. Moving forward. Jim you're arguing that there are only two options: one appeal or no death penalty. There you go making the most frequent error of trying to rephrase my words. We are discussing the death penalty, not the appeals systems. We are weighing the benefits of the death penalty against the horror of an occasional death of an innocent convicted person. We are discussing how an existing system should be changed. I did not claim that there were only two options.  We have a system now under which: We have the death penalty available. The DA determines whether the penalty will be requested. The jury determines guilt or innocence. The judge pronounces the sentence. The lawyers reap the profit for appeal after appeal after appeal while the prisoner sits on "death row" knowing he's not going anywhere soon.  The options are: to continue as we are OR to continue as we are with only one appeal allowed OR to continue as we are with NO appeals allowed OR to eliminate the death penalty.  Eliminating the death penalty will likely NOT reduce the number of false convictions. Sentencing someone to life in prison without possibility of parole is cruel and inhuman treatment whether they are guilty or innocent. Killing them would be kinder.     Then all your opposition has to do to is to prove that one appeal is not good enough and you'll accept the death penalty. I accept the death penalty already. I think it works quite well.   Well, you've said above that you aren't in favour of killing innocent people.I'm not in favor of killing innocent people under any circumstance. However, there are efforts in the betterment of mankind that require actions that may produce side effects such as collatoral damage in the form of deaths of innocent people. It is for the good of the multitudes that the innocent few shall DIE!!!  In other words, if I were Captain of a giant dirigible struggling to stay airborn above the storm tossed North Atlantic Ocean, I'd toss innocent fat men overboard to save the women and children.     As Duo has pointed out, several (in the US many) people have been executed and later found guilty  despite having many appeals. I think not is missing.     In countries where only one appeal exists, the likelihood of false convictions is dramatically increased. Therefore only one appeal will result in more innocent people being killed. The statistical aurgument has no bearing on my conviction that the death penalty works. Whether a criminal gets one appeal or two hundred appeals has little to do with guilt or innocence. The same number of innocent people will be convicted regardless of the penalty or the number of appeals to be offered.    Therefore the death penalty is a bad option (by your own admission).As evidenced by the above critique, you have absolutely no case.
So tigerlilly you must be new! I haven't heard from you on here b-4!
I just don't believe in any form of Capital Punishment. It's such a silly, anacronystic concept. could you define anacronystic for me? I really don't know what it means. I didn't mean that that way! I just haven't heard of you b-4 and I'm not sure what to think of capital punishment
oh I see emoticon_idea
So the trial for the "husband from hell" is just about over. With the closing arguments complete, now we all have to wait for the jury to deliberate.  How does everyone feel about this case? Do you think he'll walk or get what he deserves? Also - I've been told that the judge is only going to give a 2-hour notice once the jury has reached its verdict. We do have a cable TV in the lounge area here at work, so I've been setting it to Court TV to try and keep up-to-date. I even noticed on their website that you can get the verdict sent to your cell phone, which is pretty crazy (though I'm the only one of my friends without one yet!)  Personally, there's nothing I'd rather see than a death sentence for this disgusting human, though life in prison wouldn't be a bad 2nd option either.  Kimberly
REDWOOD CITY, Calif. &#8212; Scott Peterson has been found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of his wife Laci, and second-degree murder in the death of their unborn son, Conner.   Peterson could face the death penalty or life without parole.   Which should he get?  I say KILL THE BASTARD!
What if the jury is wrong?Collateral damage. :p   Just from what I've read and heard in the news, I know he's guilty.  The bleeding hearts will always ask whether the jury was correct. This is why appeals go on forever. This is why some guilty parties eventually get off on a technicality. He may yet get off Scott free.
I don't care much either way, as long as he never walks around loose again. But life in prison is going to cost the taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars. That money could be better spent in the war on terror.
I don't care much either way, as long as he never walks around loose again. But life in prison is going to cost the taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.  That money could be better spent in the war on terror.That's why I say, "Kill the bastard!"
I agree, put him out of our misery. emoticon_xkill
Peterson was found guilty of first and second degree murders. I say we trust in the justice system. If there was enough evidence to support a double murder, which there was, then there should be enough evidence to support Capital Punishment. The publicity does not matter. It doesnt' matter because justice is not about revenge, but rather finding out if a wrong has been committed and punishing it accordingly. The man has shown no remorse for what he has done, and showed obvious attempts to hide his acts, so we can only assume that if he had gotten away with it, he just might do it again. That is why I see it as necessary to execute him. He did a viscious (spelling....argh!) act, has shown no remorse, and has fought the courts after being caught. While it is a tough thing to debate whether or not he can be rehabilitated, I say that not only will the punishment of death fit the crime, but it will further the cause of crime prevention. People see too many murderers on television getting off. Let them know that we have laws and will enforce them.
First of all, death penalty cases usually cost more than keeping a prisoner alive for his life. http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=108&scid=7  It doesn't have to be that way because it's the death penalty. It's that way because of our ever deteriorating legal system.   Then, how much money should spend on the war on terror? Should we bankrupt the country to do it? Is it necessary to spend so much that we go bankrupt, or is it better to wisely spend the money we have and to fight an intellegent war against terror?  If we bankrupt the country, the war on terror won't be the reason. Wasteful domestic spending is the only reason we have trouble funding the war on terror. We need to get intellegent with domestic spending. We could start with the $7 billion EPA.
First of all, death penalty cases usually cost more than keeping a prisoner alive for his life. http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=108&scid=7   ...This may be true for a case that hasn't already been decided. It's a good argument for doing away with the death penalty and their expensive trials. However, his trial is over.  Now that we've been through the expensive trial, we've yet to go through the expensive appeals after the sentencing. After we get through that, if he still retains the death penalty, it's a lot cheaper to kill him than to keep him up 'til he dies in prison. The latest estimate I've heard for keeping a prisoner alive is between 50 and 75 thousand dollars a year.  He's taking up space in a perfectly good cell. He's using up perfectly good oxygen, food, clothing, heating and cooling energy, medical attention, etc.  He should be killed straight away. Henry VIII would have no problem with lopping off his head! Neither would I.
 Spending the rest of your life in prison, one of the most brutal social environments on earth, with only the basic necessities for life, and knowing you'll never again be free, is a far greater punishment in my opinion.  Waxy  Basic necessities, like cable TV, vending machines, movies, exercise equipment, educational abilities, libraries, computer access, free medical care, perhaps a job to occupy time. Hell, it's just like living at my house, except the sex hurts a little more, and I don't have cable yet. Yeah, he's really going to suffer. emoticon_rolleyes
I don't know what prisons you've been to lately, but if life in prison is that grand, and it isn't that I'm aware of, but if it is, it shouldn't be, then like jyoshu said, why not get yourself locked up and start living the high life?  Waxy  Don't get me wrong guys, I am not saying it is a cakewalk. I just think that prisoners have it too good. Yes, it is a tough and dangerous environment, but they are also enjoying many priveledges that I don't feel they need. I certainly would not want to go...that's why I don't commit crimes.
the death penalty works.  No convicted fellon excecuted by the state of Texas has evr gone on to kill again.
miniral,vegetable,or human animal and preditor???
How is that a affect of deterrence? Deterrence works by preventing people through the fear of consequences. A dead man has no fears.   Furman Vs. Georgia, where the supreme court specifically noted that there is not a single piece of conclusive evidence that the penalty is a effective deterrent. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- I do not believe that the supreme court adressed the the problem of convicted fellons having the death penelty reduced to life in prison and going on to kill in prison.
I say tie him to a pole, axe off his dink and let him die emoticon_xchicken
They Killed Terri Schiavo is say kill Scott Peterson nice and slow like they did to poor Terri.  Actualy i take that back and i was wrong to state that he should die he should be forced to live with what he did and visit lacy's grave and tend it every month as part of facing what he did.
This is to all you bleeding heart liberals who think poor old Scott should be spared the death penalty........  Would you feel that way if Staci was your daughter or sister?
I think that you know that I ain't no damned liberal. Like everyone, I morn Laci Peterson's passing, but I am opposed to the death penalty for many reasons. The main one being that Jesus clearly spoke out personally against it. Wishing you well pardner.   As Jesus died for our sins must Scott Peterson die for his?.
I thought you said that only people who have no shadow of doubt should be executed!  Flip FLOPPING VOR!  So what is it? Should we execute people who don't have solid evidence? You seem to support that yet you have said they should get life in prison.   Stop flip flopping!  You just don't get it "Little Man" and I am tired of trying to explain it to you........
Liberals have no problem in starving Terri Sciavo and murdering innocent defenseless babies in the womb but when it comes to executing a scum bag like Scott Peterson they draw the line.......   CAN YOU SAY HYPOCRITES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it just me or does it seem like we could be saving alot of money by cutback expences on the death penealty. why do criminals have to die so humainly we could just kill them and be done with it. in fact we could just inject them with a massive amount on air and destroy there heart. it dosent last long and its almost costless.
I am trying to figure out if your serious or just pulling our legs.........can you elaborate? Thank you.......
A bullet doesn't cost much. Neither does a rope, and it can be re-used.  The expense is in the endless appeals. When President Garfield was assassinated, his killer was caught, tried, sentenced, executed and buried within six weeks. Back in the fifies, it was a national scandal that Caryl Chessman spent ten whole years (!) on death row in California before his execution. Now, a prisoner can routinely expect to spend twenty years on death row before the case is finalized. Since most of these convicts are broke by the time they are sentenced, the taxpayers foot the bill for the defense + the prosecution + the incarceration. It's a consequence of our judicial branch morphing from a justice system to a legal system.
A bullet doesn't cost much. Neither does a rope, and it can be re-used.  The expense is in the endless appeals. When President Garfield was assassinated, his killer was caught, tried, sentenced, executed and buried within six weeks. Back in the fifies, it was a national scandal that Caryl Chessman spent ten whole years (!) on death row in California before his execution. Now, a prisoner can routinely expect to spend twenty years on death row before the case is finalized. Since most of these convicts are broke by the time they are sentenced, the taxpayers foot the bill for the defense + the prosecution + the incarceration. It's a consequence of our judicial branch morphing from a justice system to a legal system.  I agree, the appeals process is way to long.......You want to cut the expense....Give 2 appeals and 2 years........If the case is not overturned then fry them............Th tawould cut the cost down a whole bunch........
Do you support abortion also? And should we " stone at the gates of the city" those who preform lewd acts befor god?  No I am strongly against the murder of innocent, defenseless babies in the womb unless the mother's life is endangered.....  The difference is your criminal friends have murdered and raped and committed other barbaric crimes against other human beings..........That baby that you want to butcher in the womb committed no crime against anyone......
That would also create alot more mistakes and end up sending alot more innocent people to die.You have to get the story straight and make sure that the person being "executed" deserves it, and not some innocent man that was killed because people dont want to spend a few more dollers to put the right man there. So would it cut down costs. IT sure would as VOR pointed out. However there is more then 1 side.  I should have qualified that...I am talking about cases where there is no doubt of guilt........Eye witnesses, etc........When there is any doubt of guilt the death penalty should not be applicable.........DNA will also sort out the problem too.......
It's funny, i didn't expect you to be pro-death because of your strong abortion feelings, not saying that a fetus is a criminal by any means, just saying that i didn't expect you to feel that way.  I just have no pity for someone that rapes and murders someone.....That is just me though.......
aAnd this is the problem with this whole issue. I'm shure that ,hopfully most if not all, of the poeple who sat on the jury of thos innocents killed thought they had arrived at the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth   What do you not understand about eye witnessess and blood evidence?
Why can't we lock them up for life, then?  That would still be a just punishment, AND it gives us a chance to compensate the accused if he is later found innocent, AND it costs less.   Why can't we lock them up for life, then?   Because there is always a chance down the road that some liberal judge will feel sorry for them and turn them loose to rape and murder again........It has happened many times.......  You have to undertand the people I am talking about........People that have eye witnessess to the crime.............Where their DNA is found at the crime scene......Where there is a 100 percent surety that they committed the crime........
Name one. Name one who was released from a life sentence with no chance of parole. Please say Horton. I'd love to show everyone how ignornat you are and how you basically lie about history to make your arguments. Willie Horton. Now go ahead and show everyone how ignorant you are. Please. :p
You may have something here. The origanal idea of this post was ... let's cut costs. It would acutally be cheaper in the long run. We wouldn't incur those legal fees , or the price of paying the bill for the person that has to do the killing. And all the while they are free to pursue thier not guilty appeal. ( of course they should have to pay for it. ) This wuold save us from having to place a price on an innocent personsons life.Not trying to pick a fight here, just curious: How do you feel about providing heroic (and extremely expensive) medical treatment - like heart and/or lung transplants, or bypass surgery - for those who are serving life without parole? Do we have an obligation to do it, or should we simply lock them up for their natural life span?
When you say natural I wonder what that really means.Basically first aid and generic drugs like aspirin and vitamin C. No drugs still under patent (for cholesterol, high blood pressure, cancer, AIDS, that sort of thing), no life support like dialysis. I still believe the death sentence is sometimes appropriate, but I could compromise if a life sentence actually meant what it says and I didn't have to pay for expensive and artificial life-prolonging procedures.  First of all Diogenes99, while I don't think too highly of you, I know you are smarter then VOR by a long shot. Second of all, I know you know that Horton wasn't released by a judge, and third I know you are doing that to provoke me. It isn't going to work.First of all, thank you for the backhanded compliment even though I don't think I'm smarter than VOR. Second, Horton was released by the (unaccountable) parole board which is still a failure of our legal system that masquerades as a justice system. Third, I merely took you up on your invitation and I cheerfully accept your surrender on the issues. :)
Diogenes99, c'mon. I expected more of you.   Horton was released by Dukakis, the supreme idiot of the Democratic party through his truly idiotic system of furlongs as a means of rehabilitation. He wasn't release through a parole board. He's still in jail.Agreed that Horton was released by the Massachusetts corrections system, and Dukakis is responsible. Horton is in prison in Maryland, Massachusetts having demonstrated its incompetence in protecting society.  In a way, I think maybe we are not so far apart here. I completely agree with your assessment of Dukakis, and the problem is not entirely with the courts.  I once closely followed the case of a fellow convicted for attempted murder in Washington state and I was shocked to learn that, once he was turned over to the state corrections system, the corrections system had total discretion over whether to keep him for the full term. The court sentence was a recommended maximum, for display purposes and public consumption only.  Crime control depends on a chain of police work (where scumbags are sometimes left on the street because they are also informers), courts (where attorneys and judges sometimes game the system with technicalities that do not serve the purpose of justice), and the corrections system (where officials are sometimes too far removed from the crime to make sound judgments). The weakest link in the chain determines when a hardcase gets back on the street to strike again, and the system as practiced could sure use some improvement.
Again just where do we place the value of an innocent persons life. How valuable is life and who decides which life is to take . Sounds like a god complex to me. The debate was about costs.   Well if you set a time period like 2 years instead of the 20 years it is now you would sure cut doen the costs.......
If you just shot suspects without a trial it'd be even cheaper, it'd probably have a decent deterrent effect too.
If you just shot suspects without a trial it'd be even cheaper, it'd probably have a decent deterrent effect too.  I don't think anyone is advocating that.........
Basically first aid and generic drugs like aspirin and vitamin C. No drugs still under patent (for cholesterol, high blood pressure, cancer, AIDS, that sort of thing), no life support like dialysis. I still believe the death sentence is sometimes appropriate, but I could compromise if a life sentence actually meant what it says and I didn't have to pay for expensive and artificial life-prolonging procedures.  First of all, thank you for the backhanded compliment even though I don't think I'm smarter than VOR. Second, Horton was released by the (unaccountable) parole board which is still a failure of our legal system that masquerades as a justice system. Third, I merely took you up on your invitation and I cheerfully accept your surrender on the issues. :)  Diogenes, It is useless to try and debate with "Little Man".........I just ignore him........He really had no clue........
I don't think anyone is advocating that.........  Well why aren't you? If you are willing to sacrifice justice for efficiency, why not take it to its logical conclusion?
Well why aren't you? If you are willing to sacrifice justice for efficiency, why not take it to its logical conclusion?  Do you even read what anyone posts? Try it, you might learn something.......maybe not.......
Nonsense (I use that word a lot when responding to VOR). We have always operated under a "no doubt" system, yet we have convicted and executed innocents. Despite advances in forensics, most capital cases are decided on circumstantial evidence, and eye witnesses are often not reliable. The fact is that as long as we have a death penalty (the only Western nation to have it), we will execute innocents with the guilty. As a professed religious man, can you tell me what is an acceptable ratio of guilty to innocents?  Dono   If you don't understand "Beyond a shadow of a doubt" or and eye withness or irefutable DNA evidence then I don't know what to tell you.........  You seem like you are against the death penalty in all cases so let me ask you a question..........  If someone in your immediate family was raped or murdered would you feel the same way about the death penalty?
I'm willing to take that chance if you are willing to take the chance that the executed man is innocent. At least it is reversible.  If a whackjob liberal judge does something that stupid, he deserves to be fired. Plus, we can always re-arrest the criminal. But if the state kills an innocent man, THAT is irreversible.  The crimes i am talking about the criminal is not innocent........  If someone in your immediate family was raped or murdered would you feel the same way about the death penalty?  Wondering
I understand all those terms, and how they relate to our justice system as it is. I do not, however, live in your dream world where only the guilty are convicted.    You avoided my question. I will be pleased to answer yours as best as I can, never having faced such a situation. Yes I would. Since I am not a religious man , as you claim to be, I am not bound by "Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord" Or "Thou shalt not kill" (number six of the ten suggestions) and, given the opportunity, I would kill the SOB myself. If he went to trial I would not want him to be humanely put to sleep. I would want him to live a long life knowing that today will be like yesterday and tomorrow will be like today. Dono  If you ask any criminal on death row if he would like to have his sentence commuted to life in prison every one of them would take that in a heartbeat......Have you ever heard the expression where there is life there is hope?  I am sorry but I don't believe you when you say that if your mother, wife, or sister was murdered, raped and canibalized tha you would turn the other cheek.........The only man that would ever do that is Jesus Christ, and no offense but you are not him.........No man is..........
I've heard it, but have no idea how that might in any way respond to what I said.   Do you have a reading disorder? Did I use too many multisyllible words? I said that if I had the opportunity I would kill him. If not, cage him for the rest of his miserable life. That's not turning the other cheek, an instruction directed to, and generally ignored, by believers such as yourself. Since you bring JC up, do you think he would, when asked about the death penalty, echo your eloquent words "fry him"? If JC were here today, he would be branded a flaming liberal. Dono[/QUOTE]   I've heard it, but have no idea how that might in any way respond to what I said.   I am responding.....you seem to think thatg life in prison is worse then the death penalty........I am telling you that the prisoners on death row would disagree........  No Jesus Christ would not fry him, but then I am mortal man and I would........
Didn't Texas sign it into law a while back that if 3 or more people can identify you as the one who committed the crime that you get no appeals, and go right to the top of the list to be executed? I think this should be the case in every state. While many cases do deserve appeal, many do not. If we got rid of appeals cases on indisputable crimes, we would save quite a bit of taxpayer money.
And I am telling you that I don't give a tinker's damn what prisoners would do. They don't get to select their punishment, the states do, and 28 still kill.    So you are admitting that you know what JC would do, but you have made a considered decision not to follow, indeed to oppose, based on your mortality? Sounds like a lot less than a mustard seed to me. Followers like you are why I labeled "Thou shalt not kill" as one of the ten suggestions.  Dono  I am only a frail mortal man with weaknessess not a hypocrite like you................
I live in Texas and have not heard of such a law. We continue to lead all the states in executions (1 this month so far with 2 more scheduled) and our murder rate remains high. If money were truly a determining factor, we could save a lot (execution = $1.2 million, life without parole = $750,0000) by joining all the rest of the western industrialized nations in eliminating the death penalty. Dono I thought I had heard that they passed such a law. Perhaps they simply presented the legislation for consideration. I am not 100% sure of this, however I know I heard something of this nature. Either way, the point remains that this sort of common sense approach to implementation of the death penalty makes sense, and would save a lot of taxpayer money. In the meantime, I will search for some reference to this.
What happens if one of these people change their statement after the execution? Testimonies have a nasty way of changing every so often.  simple question vor:  Fry Peterson: Yes or No?  I know I am going to regret answering you question "Little Man" but in the case of Scott Peterson, although he is guilty as hell, I would lock him up for life without the possibility of parole (although some liberal judge will let him out) because there were no witnessess or DNA evidence for the crime........
Then why did you state the following?      http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=394827&highlight=peterson#post394827    http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=112262&highlight=peterson#post112262  Seems contridictory. VOR IS FLIP FLOPPING!  You've still failed to give a single instance where someone was let out because of a "liberal" judge  Damn you are thick "Litle Man" ...........If it was up to me I would fry his butt tomorrow....That is just me.........If it was up to me I would start executing the scum on death row tomorrow if they had been there 2 years and had 2 appeals......I don't control the judicial system in Calfornia............They should give him life without parole because of the reasons I mentioned.......  Got it????? You have way to much time on your hands "Little Man".........Take up a hobby or some extra classes in your junior high school........
Now I want you Liberal to focus like a laser beam........Jesus Christ was a perfect human being.........I am not.....I am a person of faith but not a devout one.  Speaking for myself I am for the death penalty.....The judicial system in no country is perfect, but I think ours is the best one going.......There will be a time where and innocent person might be executed but I think they are few and far between....  Now as far as Scott Peterson goes if it was me I would fry him after 2 years of appeals because even though they only have circumstantial evidence against him it is overwhelming......Because the evidence is circumstantial he will be on death row for 20 years or some liberal judge will commute his sentence to life in prison.........  I don;t know how else to explain it to you.
I can see a little honesty peeking out here. You are a pick and choose Christian, pick the parts you like, ignore the parts you don't. How convenient, simply don your piety when it suits your purpose, take it off when it doesn't. Now we will be able to put your religious references in their proper context.    Since you admit that innocents will be killed, that brings me back to a question you avoided, and since we have established that you have no religious constraints regarding the taking of an innocent life, what is an acceptable ratio of innocent to guilty? What is the value of a human life from the viewpoint of a "person of faith but not a devout one"?   Speaking for myself, you have said enough. Dono  Guess you just can not focus like a laser beam...Maybe you have ADD.........
Still another insult instead of an answer. If, as "a person of faith but not a devout one", you should actually ever read your bible, you might check this out: A fool shows his annoyance at once, but a prudent man overlooks an insult (Proverbs 12:16). Dono  All I said is you have a very difficult time focusing and sometimes that is caused by ADD.................Maybe I hit a nerve?
Since 2002, 962 people have been executed.   Let's redo the math. 1977-2002 x 12 = 300 x 2 = 600  Between 300-600 people are wrongful on the row. Let's go with the lower number, that means roughly 1/3 of those who have been executed were innocent is 33% "few and far inbetween" vor?  "Little Man" every person on death row is innocent...Didn't you know that? If you don't believe it just ask them...........
I'll assume this was in response to me since it was right after mine and you didn't reference another one. You never answered my question. You are calling these people who support the death penalty "stupid liberals" who "can't focus like a laser beam" and "have ADD". What if it was Jesus here? You said he would be against the death penalty except for undeniable evidence. and he's perfect. So would you accuse someone perfect of having ADD and not being able to focus and being stupid?  I was speaking of liberals in general and i did not call any liberals stupid........Misguided yes, but not stupid.........  The point I am trying to make and its not getting through to you is JC is the only perfect human being.........Since I am imperfect I have my differences with him on things like the death penalty and turing the other cheek..........
Well, if you know what the only perfect human being says, then why don't you agree with him?  Because unlike him I am frail and imperfect..............
So you are actively denying the words of your Lord and Savior?  Looks like someone is going to hell.....................  No, although I am a Catholic I am not that religeous but I would never do that...... I also disagree with the Pope on the subject........
Duo, I wonder how many of the magical 30% innocent of the particular crime they were convicted on...were truely innocent, model citizens? Not very many I'd guess. Granted, if proven innocent by DNA testing that did not exist at the time of the crime, they should walk away free.  Now, since we have this indisputable DNA science that can set a innocent man free...why should it not put a guilty murderer to death quickly as well?
I have a political science degree, and I work in corrections. The way I see it, capital punishment doesn't have to be expensive at all. Convict 'em, DNA test 'em, and give them a max time - say five years - to appeal [no set of reasonable appeals will take longer than that]. Then, do the deed.   I say all this because the base cost to execute is remarkably cheap. However, when they sit in a cell with cable TV, three square meals a day, and free healthcare for 25 years while they send out the same ol' burnt out appeals over and over, that's when the dollars add up, and that's where the liberals get there cheesy "it's cheaper to house than it is to kill" line. That's really a hot cup of BS because the only difference between the two IS the cost of the execution. Bottom line: if they were "housed" for 5 instead of 25 years, execution would always be cheaper than life sentence.
I have a political science degree, and I work in corrections. The way I see it, capital punishment doesn't have to be expensive at all. Convict 'em, DNA test 'em, and give them a max time - say five years - to appeal [no set of reasonable appeals will take longer than that]. Then, do the deed.   I say all this because the base cost to execute is remarkably cheap. However, when they sit in a cell with cable TV, three square meals a day, and free healthcare for 25 years while they send out the same ol' burnt out appeals over and over, that's when the dollars add up, and that's where the liberals get there cheesy "it's cheaper to house than it is to kill" line. That's really a hot cup of BS because the only difference between the two IS the cost of the execution. Bottom line: if they were "housed" for 5 instead of 25 years, execution would always be cheaper than life sentence.  Excellent point which I have made over and over..........I would say hold the appeal time down to 2 years........
The problem with that is DNA testing is not a silver bullet and new evidence keeps being brought in. Both you and VOR seem to ignore that DNA evidence has inherentl problems and is seriously backlogged.   The cost isn't in the housing. It's in the appeals. That should be obvious to anyone who understands how the system works. I have a feeling that this Gop user is merely a user here who has registered a new screen name.   Litlte Man as usual you crack me up.........this guy works in corrections and your trying to tell him how it is..................You are really a pistol........... :)
 And you know he works there because? He could just be you under a different screen name, but that's unlikely as he has shown a ability to form coherent arguments, something you clearly cannot do.   Everything to you is a conspiracy little man..........
By his own words VoR admits to being PC (Pseudo Catholic). Just read the above statement again and see the hypocrisy there. If Christ were on Earth today, by current definations he might be judged to be a liberal which would, from VoR's narrow standpoint, make Him a member of the root cause of all evil on earth. We can all agree with VoR when he states, "I am not that religeous". Dono   I agree, yes I could be a better Catholic but why do you have compassion for murderers and rapists and none for the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb who has committed no crime or harmed anyone and just wants to have a chance at life like you and I..........
Jesus position on how to treat people is clear. He never stated whether or not that included foetuses. Incidentally, calling it a 'baby' and saying it 'wants a chance at life' are both hopelessly emotive.  What it comes down to is that where Christ's teachings are clear you ignore them and where they are not you claim his authority in your views.  Well I don't know if your a Christian or not but when it comes to murdering babiesin the womb for no reason you will find you were wrong when you meet your maker.......  I know I am right............
Did any one else notice that this paragon of pompous piety, who has confirmed his lack of religious validity, has changed his signature line to define what a "mortal sin" is? After admitting in his own words that he is "not devout", he continues to preach to others as the high priest of hypocrisy. Dono  Change the subject when you have been proven wrong...........attack me.............sad.............what else is new? emoticon_rolleyes
I think that this is a clear example. I don't condemn others to hell, but you may wish to reconsider your beliefs.   I don't either but the RCC which I belong to condemns all sinners that do not repent their sins..........  Some of my friends on the left want to have it both ways.........They think by calling a baby in the womb a fetus that it clears them of all responsiblity in a life or death question.........Maybe it lets them sleep better at night.......  The RCC has already threatened to with hold Holy Communion to politicians who are proponents of abortion..........I just hope they soon follow through with the threat..........
So on the basis on what you admit you believe simply from faith (unquestioning?) in childhood teachings you consider yourself to have enough certainty to know the RCC is right?  And we've seen that on a TOTALLY CLEAR life/death question you choose death. Their view is more supportable than yours in Christian scripture.   Of course I do.............I have total faith in my church and in Jesus Christ that is why although I am 67 years old I have no fear of dying.........  I think it would be horrible to be a believer in God and but not have faith.......
Let me try and get away from the personal attacks and get back on the subject of this thread...........  I think the cost of Executing criminals can be greatly reduced by cutting back on the countless appeals a convicted criminal gets and the time the appeals take to process.........  I would say 2 very extensive appeals and a 2 year time frame should cover it........
Is it just me or does it seem like we could be saving alot of money by cutback expences on the death penealty. why do criminals have to die so humainly we could just kill them and be done with it. in fact we could just inject them with a massive amount on air and destroy there heart. it dosent last long and its almost costless.  Per state ... we are spending millions upon million....   scenario to the suggestion....  It cost way too much to house prisoners let alone executing that prisoner. With all the apeals process and tricks up the sleeves , the cost becomes insurmountable.  but why in the world should the cost be inflicted on me as a tax payer? I pay more for correctional facilities and prisoners than I do educational services, social services, federal services that would benefit me better than if a convicted malicious, manslaughtering homocidal maniac gets his MTV,free healthcare, free university level education,free 3+ meals a day ,free "money on the books" , free sex, free room and board, etc...   Meanwhile all "HIS" freedoms costs are compiling and inflicted on me, you , them over there and especially....on the victims families. '  I agree 100% about the expense.... and that's what baffles me! A prisoner is a former citizen to his state.... or in a federal case...to his country.    "former citizen"    If this were a suggestion box I would suggest an island similar to the survivor island .... completed isolated so that the prisoner is completeydependent on his will to serve his prison sentence .    Not 1 single dollar funded to his survival , medical fund, meals, education, or anything.... and when his time is served to the very date... then release him . And instead of having it reversed in expenses , it would cost more to release him than it would to kill him. And assuming he might survive... then...welcome back Kotter!   Just my thought.
Because being a professional a --hole , is now punishable by death ?
I hope not. People who do nothing more than speak the truth today are called professional a--holes all of the time. I am called an industrial strength a--hole. Always speak the truth and confront evil where you find it.    A lot more truth to this statement that a person would think. My statement was in jest, but somewhat true. Yes, the jurors could not vote on concrete evidence, but just how much circumstantial evidence do jurors need anyway ? To quote the mighty TS, if it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, craps like a duck, at what point does it become a duck ??
DNA analysis in comparison to other, known ducks?   Yes, DNA = Ducks Never Argue
So far, I have read no pro-death penalty posts on this forum that have given adequate reasons to use it. There is no proof that it scares off potential murderers in society, and no other argument even makes sense. I posted a similar argument on a thread earlier, but decided it needs its own.  People always talk about how "We need to think of John (the murdered), and have them put to death for John&#8217;s sake." The dead don't seek revenge, and revenge can be nothing but meaningless to a person who is dead. Unless, of course, you can prove that revenge does have meaning for the dead, in which case our justice system might have reason to consider it. What these people are really doing is using the dead's name in order to get their own personal revenge. Anyone who uses the dead's name like this is defaming them, and this is absolutely wrong. If you want revenge, ask for it in your own name; don't be a coward. But, if you weren&#8217;t the one murdered, what right do you have to ask for revenge in your own name? You don&#8217;t. The only reason you have a right to ask for punishment at all is in the name of protecting society. We punish to ensure future safety by staving off future wrongdoings (again, the death penalty is no more effective than eternity in prison).  From the American people's perspective, what is just about spending more of their money putting a man to death than they would by simply removing him from society for the rest of his life? Both accomplish the same goal of total removal. If it has ever happened that a man convicted of murder was legally released, and killed yet again, one (or even a few) incident is laughable in the face of the number of innocent people put on death row.   The argument that convicted murderers might break free is also a joke. Justice is not put to use by acting under the assumption that its dictates will not be followed through. Similarly, we could assume anything about anyone we ever punished at all. Were I a teacher, I could assume that the child I sent to the corner was going to leave early, and thus escort him straight to the principle's office, just to be prudent. Such reasoning allows virtually any punishment to be extended ad infinitum because the punished might fall out of line with their punishment at any time.  Then there is the argument that flaws in the death penalty lay with the judiciary system, not with the actual penalty itself. While anyone can accept that a &#8220;perfect&#8221; judiciary system would only send real murderers to death row, even if this were the case, it does not negate the problems mentioned before. The death penalty costs the tax payers more and benefits neither the dead, nor society, in any way, and society doesn&#8217;t punish in order to &#8220;get revenge.&#8221; (In addition, this argument can be flipped and used against the argument that prisoners might escape: "But that's a problem with prison security!" Or against the inmate release argument: "But that's a problem with releasing life-in-prison muderers, not with the punishment itself if it were properly used!")  But the worst part of it all is this "machismo" aura that many pro-death penalty citizens try to emulate. "They killed so and so, therefore stick it to 'em and let 'em burn! I hope he dies slow, and wets himself, too!!" You think this is manly? The biggest laugh of the whole death penalty argument is that the whole thing is upheld by immature cowards who don't appear to know what it is to be a real man (or woman) in the least.Do some serious reading on this site. Explore the various links that shoot big holes in a lot of your argument here. Then post again.  http://www.prodeathpenalty.com/
If it has ever happened that a man convicted of murder was legally released, and killed yet again, one (or even a few) incident is laughable in the face of the number of innocent people put on death row. Are you serious? A few incidents? Many men and women who have been convicted of murder have been legally released and then killed again.  The argument that convicted murderers might break free is also a joke.  Yeah, because there is not a whole list of convicted murderers who have broken out of prison. emoticon_xgood   Then there is the argument that flaws in the death penalty lay with the judiciary system, not with the actual penalty itself. While anyone can accept that a "perfect" judiciary system would only send real murderers to death row, even if this were the case, it does not negate the problems mentioned before. Well, what faults? You say that innocent people are sentenced to death far too often. Well, the death penalty does not sentence people, our judiciary system does. The death penalty is mearly a punishment. I will agree that some innocent people have been sent to death row, and when their innocence was discovered, they were released. A perfect judiciary system would not sentence innocent people, and would alleviate all problems with the death penalty. If we had a perfect system and no innocent person was ever sent to death row, we could take them directy from sentencing to a little room beside the courtroom containing a bed and a few drugs, put an IV in them, and carry out the sentence before the jurors got out of the courthouse. Of course, we know that our judiciary system is an imperfect thing, so we understand the need for appeals.    The death penalty costs the tax payers more and benefits neither the dead, nor society, in any way, and society doesn't punish in order to "get revenge." (In addition, this argument can be flipped and used against the argument that prisoners might escape: "But that's a problem with prison security!" Or against the inmate release argument: "But that's a problem with releasing life-in-prison muderers, not with the punishment itself if it were properly used!") After reading this 4 times, I am not even going to try to pretend that this makes any sense.
Yup, I'm serious.  Interesting. Emoticon = refuted logic?  My argument makes it clear that innocent people need not be sentenced to death in order for the death penalty to be unjust. It does nothing for society, and in fact costs society more than life in prison. There is nothing just about making society pay more.  You mean you are not going to pretend to you understand it. It means that your argument stating that flaws in the death penalty lay in the judicial system is like me saying that flaws in life imprisonment lay in our prison's security system; not in the punishment itself. It is also like saying that the problem of releasing guilty persons sentenced to life in prison lays with the judicial system, not with the punishment of life in prison. Understand yet?I suspect you'll deny this due to the fact that I'm not printing it out, but asking you to read it...which you likely won't do.  http://www.prodeathpenalty.com/repeat_murder.htm  There are 46 different stories here about convicted murderers who got out and murdered more people. Several of them involved multiple second round murders. What do you say to that?
Here&#8217;s refutation of at least one lie repeatedly told by anti-death penalty crowds.  http://www.prodeathpenalty.com/Innocence.htm  A thorough review finds that death penalty opponents have lied, extensively, regarding the numbers of innocents sentenced to death, that such risk is extraordinarily low and that the cessation of executions will put many more innocents at risk.   I. Innocents Released from Death Row: A Critical Review of the Claims  Death penalty opponents claim that "Since 1973, 102 (now 114) people in 25 states have been released from death row with evidence of their innocence," (1)   That is a blatantly false claim.   The foundation for these claims begins in 1993, when a study, released by US Rep. Don Edwards, purported to find that 48 innocents had been released from death row since 1973 (2). Rep. Edwards concluded that "Under the law, there is no distinction between definitively innocent and those found innocent after a trial."  Rep. Edwards was wrong.   The law recognizes the specific distinction between those legally innocent and those actually innocent, just as common sense dictates. Yes, there is a difference between the truly "I had no connection to the murder" cases and "I did it but I got off because of legal error" cases.   Rep. Edwards and other death penalty opponents combine these two conflicting groups to increase their "innocents" number. This is a continuation of a pattern of deception by death penalty opponents, that had been obvious for years.  In addition, Rep. Edwards selected an anti death penalty group, The Death Penalty Information Center (the DPIC), to conduct the study, thereby negating objective confidence in the results.  The source for the updated 102 innocent number is also the DPIC (3). Richard Dieter, head of the DPIC, has confirmed, again, what their "innocent" means:  ". . . according to death penalty opponents, who say they make no distinction between legal and factual innocence because there is no difference between the two under the law and because there is no objective way to make such a determination. 'They're innocent in the eyes of the law,' Dieter says. 'That's the only objective standard we have.' " (4)  What nonsense.   As this public policy debate is only about the actually innocent, we know why the DPIC fails to make that obvious distinction -- they wish to, deceptively, expand their "innocents" claims.   Furthermore, for many years, the United States' courts have repeatedly enforced the obvious, common sense, important distinction between the actually innocent and the legally innocent (5). Mr. Dieter and all of those active in this debate are well aware of this. Death penalty opponents have chosen to be deceptive. (also see Sections IV. OK to Execute the Innocent? and VI. The Innocent Executed, below). This is hardly surprising.  As Dieter and other death penalty opponents make no distinction between the actually innocent and the legally innocent, why don't they claim that over 2500 innocents have been "exonerated" from death row? That is the number of legally and actually innocent released from death row since 1973 (6). The answer is obvious. They hoped that the media and others might just assume that the 102 (and the previous lesser numbers) were actually innocent and not ask any questions. And that is exactly what has happened -- a successful deception, aided by the poor fact checking standards of the media. The 2500 number, even for the media, is just too large a number for such blind acceptance.   As this deception has begun to unravel, Dieter "clarifies" that all 102 former death row inmates on the innocence list have been exonerated in one of three ways.   "A defendant whose conviction is overturned by a judge must be further exonerated in one of three ways: he must be acquitted at a new trial, or the prosecutor must drop the charges against him, or a governor must grant an absolute pardon." (7)  Dieter is consistent.   None of those exoneration categories establishes, or even suggests, actual innocence.   Acquittal, which is a "not guilty" verdict, means that the state was unable to meet the necessary burden of proof, in establishing guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. It has nothing to do with establishing actual innocence.   In a case that has been overturned on appeal, the prosecution may drop the charges because of many reasons, the least likely being actual innocence (insert citation). For example, appellate courts may rule that evidence or testimony was constitutionally inadmissible, thereby removing the specific evidence of actual guilt from any prospect of a new trial and, thereby, precluding another trial.   And an absolute pardon may have nothing to do with actual innocence.   Just recall all the uproar over the pardons granted by President Clinton on the eve of his leaving office. I recall only one of those many cases wherein the defendant claimed actual innocence, and I don't recall any appellate judge giving any support to such a claim. Or recall ex-President Richard Nixon, pardoned by President Gerald Ford? Does anyone doubt that President Nixon was actually guilty of obstructing justice? Of course not.   Once again, we have example after example, whereby Dieter tells us that the DPIC standards have nothing to do with actual innocence. And this is simply back peddling on his part. As more and more people observe the extent of the fraud within the innocence claims of death penalty opponents, Dieter and other opponents will continue to change their definitions to justify their deceptive numbers.   And the "innocence" standards get worse.   Death penalty opponents have " . . . included supposedly innocent defendants who were still culpable as accomplices to the actual triggerman." (8). The law often finds such criminal accomplices legally guilty for their involvement in murders, even if they, themselves, didn't "pull the trigger". For example: Does anyone think that Bin Laden was innocent in the 9/11 World Trade Center bombings?  The DPIC, and other opponents, allegedly so devoted to legal standards in one circumstance -- presumption of innocence -- abandon a legal standard -- the law of parties -- when doing so can further increase their false "innocents" claims.   What "standards" will death penalty opponents create next to deceptively raise their innocence claims?  As the innocence frauds of death penalty opponents continue to unravel, they are now changing their definitions, as if they never meant that all the cases were actually innocent. In other words, they are just piling lie upon lie.   The evidence is overwhelming that some death penalty opponents were stating that the 102, nationwide, were actually innocent people, who had no connection to the murders. They lied.  Now they are stating it was just some function of release, as related above, or that they were only speaking of the "presumption of innocence", the legal standard for defendants, during trial. They have always been lying about the collective innocence claims, now they deceptively change the definitions, as their previous claims are imploding.  The DPIC's newest standard?  "There may be guilty persons among the innocents, but that includes all of us." (9). Good grief. DPIC wishes to apply collective guilt of capital murder to all of us. Or maybe DPIC is about to declare all those sentenced to death and executed as innocent. Take your pick, they could go either way.  A final mea culpa?  Dieter states: "I don't think anybody can know about a person's absolute innocence." (Green). In other words, Dieter won't assert absolute innocence in 1, 102 or 350 cases. Not today, anyway.  Or, Dieter will declare all innocent: "If you are not proven guilty in a court of law, you're innocent." (Green) By this all inclusive (and ridiculous) standard, Dieter would call Hitler and Stalin innocent.   So no one deludes themselves, the innocence concern has always been about convicting the actually innocent -- the "I had no connection to the murder" cases -- and what risk that represents for executing an actually innocent person.   Even Dieter has always known (and never disputed, so far) that we don't execute legally innocent people.  Death penalty opponents wrongly state the burden of proof for "innocents" is not theirs to make -- that defendants are "innocent until proven guilty". This is pure sophistry. The "innocent until proven guilty" is a legal standard, that only applies to fact finders in a criminal case. The "innocent" claims by death penalty opponents are part of a public policy debate which, allegedly, is concerned with the actually innocent sent to death row and how that may result in an actually innocent executed.  What is the real number of actual innocents released from death row?  A review of the DPIC 102 case descriptions finds that only about 32 claim actual innocence, with alleged proof to support the claim. 12 of those 32 are DNA cases. That is 32 cases out of about 7300 death sentences since 1973, or 0.4%. National Review's Senior Editor Ramesh Ponnuru, independently, came up with the same number for his "Bad List" article (10).  When reviewing various case descriptions by DPIC and then comparing them to the actual record, there is an obvious pattern of inaccuracy (11). This provides little doubt that many of the remaining 32 case descriptions by DPIC are also inaccurate. No responsible, objective party would depend upon the DPIC case descriptions.  Furthermore, Northwest U. Law Prof. Lawrence Marshall, a death penalty opponent, who organized the National Conference on Wrongful Convictions and the Death Penalty in Chicago 1998, stated that, "In a good half of these 75 [now 102] cases, the exoneration is so complete that it erases any doubt whatsoever," (12). Prof. Marshall's uncorroborated claims find proof of factual innocence in 38 cases.   Why do death penalty opponents claim that they have proof for half their innocent claims, then claim twice that number as innocent?   This claim is consistent with the 13 innocents/exonerations from Illinois. There appears to be some doubt about an innocence claim in about half of those cases. (13)  California Assistant Attorney General Ward Campbell finds that at least 68 of the DPIC 102 cases do not belong on the innocence list. He has not conceded that all the remaining 34 do belong on the list. (14).  "On July 1, 2002, in the case of United States v. Quinones, 205 F.Supp.2d 256 (S.D.N.Y. 2002) the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York declared that the Federal Death Penalty Act (was) unconstitutional."   "The federal court based its decision in part on the DPIC List. The federal court itself analyzed the List and applied undefined &#8220;conservative criteria&#8221; to conclude that 40 defendants on the List were released on grounds indicating &#8220;factual innocence.&#8221; However, 23 of the names on the Quinones&#8217; List are names which (Ward Campbell's) study submits should be eliminated from the DPIC List."  "If the Quinones court's analysis of the DPIC List is combined with this critique's (Campbell's) analysis, only 17 defendants should be on the List, not the 102 defendants currently listed." (14A).  Furthermore, the Judge in that Quinones case, Rakoff, has since stated that the innocence number might be 30, not the 40 he stated during the case, indicating the combined numbers are, now, most certainly, lower than 17.  Of those 102 DPIC "innocent" cases, 24 have been identified by the DPIC as being from the state of Florida. The Florida Commission on Capital Cases conducted a thorough review of those 24 cases. The Commission found that 4 of those might have a credible claim of actual innocence. (15).   That reveals an 83% error by the DPIC in their Florida case descriptions. If the DPIC has a consistent error rate, nationwide, that would indicate that there is evidence for claiming 17 actual innocents within their 102 innocents claim -- or 0.2% of the 7400 sentenced to death since 1973.  It is hardly a coincidence that the same number of likely actual innocents -- 17 -- is also found when combining the Campbell and Quinones lists.  Based upon those three reviews, 17 is the most credible number for actual innocents released from death row since 1973. And 83% seems to be the common error rate for "innocents" claims by death penalty opponents.  SPECIFIC CASES  See "The Innocence Fraud of Death Penalty Opponents"  Another case on the DPIC list is James Creamer, who was never subject to execution (17). The jury gave him a death sentence, even though there was no death penalty option, because the Furman v Georgia case (1972) had voided all death penalty statutes then in existence Even so, Creamer was sentenced to death on 2/4/73 and then was resentenced to life on 9/28/73. He is still on the DPIC innocents released from death row list (No. 5, as of 6/3/02).   Death penalty opponents (and the media) gave much play to that "100th case" - Ray Krone. It is an instructive example.   He was not on death row, at the time he was found innocent via DNA testing. His death sentence was overturned in 1995. He was retried and given a life sentence in 1996 (18). Inmates released from prison sentences, because of innocence evidence, are not "released from death row with evidence of their innocence." which is the DPIC "standard" to be on the list. Death penalty opponents do what they can to fraudulently raise their numbers.   Certainly a "100" could be considered a milestone. What few realized (or cared to investigate) is that it was a milestone of deception by death penalty opponents.  At least 11 of the cases were not even on death row at the time of their "innocence" discovery. 6 of the DPIC listed cases were not on death row when released and were prosecuted prior to 1973, in the pre Furman v Georgia (1972) era and, therefore, have no place in a modern era discussion of "innocents" released from death row (19).  And, at least four of the post 1973 convictions, Henry Drake, Jay Smith, Kirk Bloodsworth and Ray Krone, were not on death row when they won their freedom. Krone, the now famous 100th case, had not been on death row for 7 years, when he was found innocent via DNA.   None of those 11 are death row exonerations. They are prison exonerations. Therefore, the 32 cases becomes the 21 "released from death row with evidence of their innocence." And, obviously, no one can depend on the DPIC case descriptions regarding how many more of the 102 (or the 21) cases were not on death row at the time they were "released from death row with evidence of their innocence." Nor should anyone blindly accept the uncorroborated claims of death penalty opponents that all of those 21 are actually innocent.  Professor Marshall stated that "the exoneration is so complete that it erases any doubt whatsoever." If true, where is the independent, objective study which removes all doubt in 21-32 cases? It doesn't exist. Can death penalty opponents present, at least, a review wherein 21-32 cases have a consensus of opinion, whereby the evidence, the prosecutors, defense counsel and the appellate courts agree on the actual innocence issue? If so, it is no where to be found.  How many of those sentenced to death since 1973 have subsequently been released from death row because of actual innocence? It is likely between 15 and 30. 17 being the most realistic number, as it reflects findings in the three most thorough reviews -- Rakoff/Quinones, Campbell and the Florida Commission.   The 102 number means nothing, except as a ruse to fool the press and the public.  In a joint press release, dated May 7, 2002, the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty and the Texas Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty stated:  "More than 100 people have now been released from death row due to actual innocence." (20)  Are such comments part of an organized deception or do they reflect willful ignorance?   THE MEDIA  With remarkably few exceptions, neither the media nor public policy makers have required death penalty opponents to support their claims or to define their standards.   In fact, the rule is that the media repeats exactly what anti death penalty sources tell them, without question and passes it along to their audience. This may be one of the worst "no fact checking" examples in journalistic history.  As previously suggested (21), possibly, in the future, both the media and policy makers may inquire:  -- For how many of these claims is there proof of actual innocence?  ---Were those "innocents" completely unconnected to the murder?  ---Were they on death row at the time their innocence was proven? ---Can you provide confirmable, independent support of these claims? ---What are the opinions by the district attorneys and the appellate courts for these claims?  All reasonable and necessary questions to ascertain the veracity of the claims.  Isn't it better to be clear and specific? As opposed to unclear, unsure and nebulous?  Does the number matter? Only if accuracy and truth are important in public policy decisions and media reports.  (NOTE -- The DPIC list is now over 102. Their claims are so misleading we have stopped updating at 102.)  II. The Risk to Innocents if We Don't Execute  We have overwhelming proof that living murderers harm and murder again, in prison, after improper release and, as we so recently experienced, after escape. No one disputes that living murderers are infinitely more likely to harm and murder again than are executed murderers. And, there is no proof of an innocent executed within the US since 1900.   Some supporters of a moratorium and death penalty opponents claim that a concern for innocents is why they want to halt executions. Yet, history and reason confirm that an end to executions will result in more innocents harmed and murdered.  Furthermore, any assertion that the death penalty is not a deterrent is false. Those studies not finding for deterrence do not say it doesn't exist. Those studies finding for deterrence state that is does. A statutory challenge caused a temporary halt to executions in Texas, in 1996. The result? "The [Texas] execution hiatus, therefore, appears to have spared few, if any, condemned prisoners while the citizens of Texas experienced a net 90 [up to 150) additional innocent lives lost to homicide. Politicians contemplating moratoriums may wish to consider the possibility that a seemingly innocuous moratorium on executions could very well come at a heavy cost." (22)  This is not surprising, as history, reason, common sense and the social sciences all support that the potential for negative consequences deters or alters the behavior of many, if not most.  Recently, at least three innocent people were murdered by escaped murderers. That is three more than we have proof for innocents executed since 1900.   At least 8% of those on death row had committed one or more murders prior to the murder(s) which put them on death row (23), suggesting that with 7,300 sentenced to death, since 1973, that those sent to death row had murdered at least 600 additional innocents after we failed to properly restrain them after their previous murder(s). Justice Department studies suggest that it is likely that some 2 million innocents have been harmed, 100,000 murdered, since 1973, by criminals while "supervised" by US criminal justice systems (parole, probation, mandatory release, furloughs, pre trial releases, etc.) (24).  In any review of criminal justice practices and their failings, we are looking at errors in judgment and procedure. Yet, with such catastrophic harm to innocents, coming from other criminal justice shortcomings, some have chosen to pursue a moratorium on executions -- a criminal justice practice lacking proof of an innocent killed, at least since 1900. Is the priority to protect innocent lives or to get rid of the death penalty? A review of criminal justice realities makes that an obvious question.  It currently takes nearly 12 years to execute those sentenced to death (25). And some elected officials are debating a moratorium on executions. Yet, under all debated scenarios, halting executions will put more innocents at risk.  III. Due Process and The Risk to Innocents  Protecting innocent defendants/inmates  Is there any other criminal sanction, anywhere in the world, where one might find a 99.6% guilt accuracy rate, after 30 years of biased, unverified review by opponents of that sanction, wherein all those allegedly innocents had been secured from their punishments by post conviction review?  The US Supreme Court has stated that those subject to the death penalty in the US receive super due process. It is easy to see why. From 1973-2001, 7096 people were sent to death row. 2523 of those cases, or 35.4%, were overturned on appeal or had their sentence commuted. 749, or 10.6%, were executed (26), after an average of over 10 years on death row (27). The time between sentencing and execution has risen from an average of 8 years in 1989 to nearly 12 years in 2001 (28).  Consideration of error, be it the actually innocent convicted or procedural, is why we have appeals and the commutation/clemency process. The system anticipates error and provides remedy. While the actually innocent convicted is a horrible result, in the subject cases, none have been executed.  Few dispute that death penalty cases have the greatest level of due process protections. Therefore, if your objection to execution is the possibility of irreversible error, such due process concludes that it is much more likely that an innocent sentenced to a life term will die, as an innocent in prison, than it is that an innocent will be executed. Both irreversible error, but one much more likely than the other.  It appears that the US death penalty is that criminal justice sanction which is the least likely to find the innocent guilty and the most likely to correct those rare errors upon post conviction review.  Sacrificing the innocent  The due process protections of the US death penalty are so extraordinary, that we have released over 2500 people from death row since 1973. Although no known study of the harm committed by those so taken off death row has been performed, there is no doubt that many innocents have been murdered or otherwise harmed by those so released.   One group of released death row inmates has been subject to limited review. When the US Supreme Court found in Furman v Georgia, in 1972, that the death penalty, as it was then enforced, was unconstitutional, all death row inmates had their death sentences commuted. It appears that some 12 innocents have been murdered by those Furman releasees, through 1987, in addition to other horrendous crimes committed by that same group. (still finalizing confirmation). We are unaware of any updated review covering the next 15 years, through 2002.   This is not an argument against super due process, but a recognition of one reality of it.   Such due process provides unparalleled protection for the actually innocent, extraordinary generosity to guilty murderers -- relief that turns into suffering for those innocents harmed by those spared murderers.  IV. OK to Execute the Innocent?  Some death penalty opponents have wrongly interpreted that the US Supreme Court decision in Herrera v Collins (113 S. Ct. 853, 870{1993}) found that executing the innocent was quite all right.  "Justice [Sandra Day] O'Connor's concurring opinion makes clear that Herrera does not stand for that proposition. Justice O'Connor stated, I cannot disagree with the fundamental legal principal that executing the innocent is inconsistent with the Constitution and the execution of a legally and factually innocent person would be a constitutionally intolerable event. As Justice O'Connor stated, the Court assumed for the sake of argument that a truly persuasive demonstration of actual innocence would render any such execution unconstitutional and that federal habeas relief would be warranted if no state avenue were open to process the claim. Id., at 874. That is the holding in Herrera, and any claim to the contrary is simply not correct." (Kenneth S. Nunnelley's Congressional testimony, July 23, 1993)  V. Future innocence considerations  The DPIC alleges that 12 of their 102 "innocents" were proven actually innocent because their DNA screenings were negative. Based upon the DPIC's standards, we cannot be sure of all such innocent claims because, in some of the cases, "Non-matching DNA is consistent with the prosecution's theory of multiple perpetrators" (29) and, therefore, may not signify innocence.  In any future cases, where DNA is determinative of guilt or innocence, any such innocent cases will never go to trial. For many reasons, including DNA testing, the US death penalty, is much safer today than it has ever been.  As the best predictor of future performance is past performance, what will the future risk to innocents be?   Based upon the evidence we have today, using anti death penalty standards and their uncorroborated claims, with the next 7300 death sentences given, nationwide, we may sentence 3-18 actually innocent persons to death, or about 0.2%, (30) and the alleged innocent will all be taken off death row via post conviction review or, otherwise, not be executed. What this doesn't take into account is that many jurisdictions have, for quite some time, already raised the qualification level for defense counsel and prosecutors and some also require two defense attorneys to be appointed in capital cases.  Almost without exception, those few highly publicized death penalty cases, which have caused great public rancor, were prosecuted 15-25 years ago. More recent cases are much less likely to provoke controversy or false claims of innocence. Why? There is a higher quality of prosecution and defense in these cases and new death penalty law, which began after Furman v Georgia (1972), is more settled than it had been from 1973-1987.  Finally, a review of many of those earlier highly publicized cases revealed that many of the anti-death penalty claims were and are either false or deceptive. (31)  VI. The Innocent Executed  It is not at all uncommon for death penalty opponents to make false claims about innocents executed. As of 1/1/03, The National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty (NCADP) claims that "Twenty three (23) innocent people have been mistakenly executed (in the US) this (the 20th) century." (32) This is a common false claim, even though the authors of that 1987 study, in response to a deconstruction of their work, stated, in 1988, that "We agree with our critics that we have not proved these (23) executed defendants to be innocent; we never claimed that we had." (33). The NCADP is well aware of this, yet it doesn't stop their deception.  Barry Scheck, cofounder of the Innocence Project and featured speaker at the National Conference on Wrongful Convictions and the Death Penalty (11/13-15/98), stated that he had no proof of an innocent executed (in the US since 1976) (34).  Not even the nation's leading, biased source for anti death penalty information, the DPIC, says there is proof of an innocent executed. They list 5 "doubt" cases (35): Gary Graham, Joseph O'Dell, Roger Keith Coleman, Leo Jones and David Spence. A review shows how deceptive the DPIC case descriptions are (36) and how lacking any proof of innocence is.  The Texas case of Lionel Herrera, like others, nationally, has been labeled, by many death penalty opponents, as an innocent executed. I believe that Herrera, once upon a time, was also included in a previous incarnation of the DPIC list. A comment from Supreme Court Justice O'Connor. "[T]he proper disposition of this case is neither difficult nor troubling . . . The record overwhelmingly demonstrates that petitioner [Herrera] deliberately shot and killed Officers Rucker and Carrisalez the night of September 29, 1981; petitioner's new evidence is bereft of credibility. Indeed, despite its stinging criticism of the Court's decision, not even the dissent expresses a belief that petitioner might possibly be actually innocent." Herrera v. Collins, 506 US 390, 421(1993) (O'Connor, J., concurring)  Of all the world's social and governmental institutions, that do put innocents at risk, I am aware of only one, the US death penalty, that has no proof of an innocent killed since 1900. Can you name another?  VII. Conclusion  No one disputes that an innocent sentenced to death is a horrible result. Appeals and commutation/clemency deliberations are an integral and inescapable part of a criminal justice system that both anticipate error and provide remedy. Both sides of the death penalty debate are equally concerned about the moral implication of executing an innocent. Those of us who support execution recognize that any innocents sentenced to death or executed injure our position.  A concern for the innocent will result in a rejection of a moratorium and more support for executions. Either by a moratorium, or by outright repeal, stopping executions will always put many more innocents at risk. Death penalty opponents knows this. Their alleged concern for innocents is but another distortion based campaign to end the death penalty.  When reason and all the facts prevail, support for executions will rise.  copyright 1998-2004 Dudley Sharp   PLEASE REFUTE THESE CLAIMS!!
http://www.cjlf.org/deathpenalty/DPDeterrence.html   There are many abstracts (short summaries of the entire paper) printed in this link. Each claims that the death penalty is a deterrent to murder.  Again, I doubt you will read all of the abstracts as I have done. However, let me say that several of them go so far as to present the number of murders (statistically determined) that would be prevented by one execution. They range from 18 down to 3, with more of them on the high end of this range. All of these conclude that the death penalty deters. These studies are not from amateur thinkers such as we are. Check their credentials.  Tell me, would you like for some member of your family to be one of those whose murder could have been prevented by an execution.  Then tell me, even if the correct number is only 1, would the execution still be considered wrong by you?  Not even having to put aside your conviction that innocents should not be killed, how can you justify not saving 3 to 18 lives of innocent people by killing 1 guilty one.  By the way, I believe I&#8217;m correct in saying there has not been an innocent person put to death since 1900. At least I think I remember reading that recently.
OP by JT By the way, I believe I&#8217;m correct in saying there has not been an innocent person put to death since 1900. At least I think I remember reading that recently.  &#8230;and here it is.      The most significant study conducted to evaluate the evidence of the "innocent executed" is the Bedau-Radelet Study ("Miscarriages of Justice in Potentially Capital Cases," 40, 1 Stanford Law Review, 11/87). The study concluded that 23 innocent persons had been executed since 1900. However, the study's methodology was so flawed that at least 12 of those cases had no evidence of innocence and substantial evidence of guilt. Bedau & Radelet, both opponents, "consistently presented incomplete and misleading accounts of the evidence." (Markman, Stephen J. & Cassell, Paul G., "Protecting the Innocent: A Response to the Bedau-Radelet Study" 41, 1 Stanford Law Review, 11/88). The remaining 11 cases represent 0.14% of the 7,800 executions which have taken place since 1900. And, there is, in fact, no proof that those 11 executed were innocent. In addition, the "innocents executed" group was extracted from a Bedau & Radelet imagined pool of 350 persons who were, supposedly, wrongly convicted of capital or "potentially" capital crimes. Not only were they at least 50% in error with their 23 "innocents executed" claim, but 211 of those 350 cases, or 60%, were not sentenced to death. Bedau and Radelet already knew that plea bargains, the juries, the evidence, the prosecutors, judicial review and/or the legal statutes had put these crimes in the "no capital punishment" category. Indeed, their claims of innocence, regarding the remaining 139 of those 350 cases, should be suspect, given this study&#8217;s poor level of accuracy. Calling their work misleading hardly does this "academic" study justice. Had a high school student presented such a report, where 50-60% of the material was either false or misleading, a grade of F would be a likely result.   Indeed, Michigan Court of Appeals Judge Stephen Markman finds that " . . . the Bedau-Radelet study is remarkable not (as retired Supreme Court Judge Harry Blackmun seems to believe) for demonstrating that mistakes involving the death penalty are common, but rather for demonstrating how uncommon they are . . . This study - the most thorough and painstaking analysis ever on the subject - fails to prove that a single such mistake has occurred in the United States during the twentieth century." Presumably, Bedau and Radelet would have selected the most compelling 23 cases of the innocent executed to prove their proposition. "Yet, in each of these cases, where there is a record to review, there are eyewitnesses, confessions, physical evidence and circumstantial evidence in support of the defendant&#8217;s guilt. Bedau has written elsewhere that it is &#8216;false sentimentality to argue that the death penalty ought to be abolished because of the abstract possibility that an innocent person might be executed when the record fails to disclose that such cases exist.&#8217; . . . (T)he Bedau and Radelet study . . . speaks eloquently about the extraordinary rarity of error in capital punishment." ("Innocents on Death Row?", National Review, September 12, 1994).   Another significant oversight by that study was not differentiating between the risk of executing innocent persons before and after Furman v Georgia (1972). There is, in fact, no proof that an innocent has been executed since 1900. And the probability of such a tragedy occurring has been lowered significantly more since Furman. In the context that hundreds of thousands of innocents have been murdered or seriously injured, since 1900, by criminals improperly released by the U.S. criminal justice system (or not incarcerated at all!), the relevant question is: Is the risk of executing the innocent, however slight, worth the justifications for the death penalty - those being retribution, rehabilitation, incapacitation, required punishment, deterrence, escalating punishments, religious mandates, cost savings, the moral imperative, just punishment and the saving of innocent lives?   Predictably, opponents still continue to fraudulently claim, even today*, that this study has proven that 23 "innocent" people have been executed, even though Bedau and Radelet, the authors of that study, conceded - in 1988 - that neither they nor any previous researchers have proved that any of those executed was innocent: "We agree with our critics that we have not proved these executed defendants to be innocent; we never claimed that we had." (41, 1 Stanford Law Review, 11/1988).  http://www.prodeathpenalty.com/DP.html#A.Innocence
Yup, I'm serious.  Interesting. Emoticon = refuted logic?  My argument makes it clear that innocent people need not be sentenced to death in order for the death penalty to be unjust. It does nothing for society, and in fact costs society more than life in prison. There is nothing just about making society pay more.  You mean you are not going to pretend to you understand it. It means that your argument stating that flaws in the death penalty lay in the judicial system is like me saying that flaws in life imprisonment lay in our prison's security system; not in the punishment itself. It is also like saying that the problem of releasing guilty persons sentenced to life in prison lays with the judicial system, not with the punishment of life in prison. Understand yet? http://www.prodeathpenalty.com/murdock.htm just read
Yup, I'm serious. Do you only mean those sentenced to LWOP then released who kill again, or any convicted murderer who is released and killed again. And keep in mind that LWOP is all too often commuted to life, which is then elligable for parole.  Interesting. Emoticon = refuted logic? No. Emoticon = Sarcasm directed at the fact that you really believe convicted murderers don't break out of prison.  My argument makes it clear that innocent people need not be sentenced to death in order for the death penalty to be unjust. It does nothing for society, and in fact costs society more than life in prison. There is nothing just about making society pay more. Again, I support the death penalty for certain crimes and criminals. Cost has nothing to do with it for me.
Well, why do you support it? I didn't think that really needed an explanation, but ok. I support the death penalty because I feel that their are crimes and criminals so heinous that they deserve death.
Jim, before posting all this garbage on why innocent people are not sentenced to death, maybe you should read this thread first.   And again:  The "statistics" that you cite are some of the biggest loads of garbage I've ever heard of. They are nothing more than projected guesses made to put the death penalty in a positive light. In addition, in case you haven't figured it out at this stage in your life, statistics are almost always garbage. Take a few stat classes and you will see how deceptively wrong they can be. The biggest problem with statistics is that it inherently assumes causality -- all the time. It must do so in order to appear to make sense (without this link, statistics would be meaningless). For example, here is a statistic I just ran into (http://btobsearch.barnesandnoble.com/booksearch/isbnInquiry.asp?btob=Y&isbn=1568957912&itm=2) "Want to extend your life? Start flossing! Statistics show that people who floss daily and visit a dentist and dental hygienist every six months live almost six and a half years longer than the Unflossed." The problem with this is that the statistic is inherently flawed, because the type of people who floss also tend to be the types of people who have many other healthy habits that cause them to live longer. The statistic tricks us into assuming a false causality. The sooner you understand this and start getting away from statistics (particularly fake, projected statistics that are used on extremely large populations), the sooner you will not be fooled into believing some very tricky lies.  If you want to discuss projected statistics over large populations, I&#8217;d be happy to continue, as I happen to be knowledgeable in the field.   Well, why do you support it?Apparently, you will deny anything I post. You have a real problem with FACTS!  However, that is common among those who have nothing meaningful to say. You promote lies and deceptions in hopes that readers will not notice that your incompetent responses to legitimate arguments are indeed unfounded and reek of desparation.  What I posted and linked to were not "garbage" as you say. The studies were performed by competent people engaged in an effort to expose the truth.   You sound more like a liberal junkie everyday.
Yet this need for revenge is far removed from the need for justice. My original post addresses this feeling or need for the criminal to die. It has no relevance in the discussion of justice, only revenge. I never said the word revenge, you did. I think of it as punishment, not revenge. I think that being punished as sentenced for a crime, especially crimes on the level of "tookie's", is a shining example of justice. Only the victims can truely seek revenge. I could not seek revenge, since Williams has done nothing to me.
I overestimated your intellect (and that&#8217;s saying something). It won't happen again. When you have something specific in my post to respond to, come back and we&#8217;ll talk.Clear evidence that my most previous post about your tactics is right on target. You have no legitimate argument.  Try going back to post #8 and refuting the conclusions of the studies performed by competent people.  I'm betting you'd make a fitting guest on the Jerry Springer show.
Justice is an operative of not one person, or a few people, but society at large. Because justice operates to protect society by deterring future crime, one would have to show that the death penalty prevents more crime than life in prison, thus fulfilling the function of justice better than that of life in prison. Because the death penalty costs so much more, and has never been proven to be any more effective, it is neither more just, nor more practical. It is, in fact, far less practical, and this tips the scales on an otherwise (arguably) balanced scale. Overtaxing society due to myths about the death penalty is, in any case, certainly unjust. This is a purely subjective argument made upon your definition of justice, which I do not happen to totally agree with. To me, justice serves not only society and mankind in general, but the individual citizen as well.
Justice is an operative of not one person, or a few people, but society at large. Because justice operates to protect society by deterring future crime, one would have to show that the death penalty prevents more crime than life in prison, thus fulfilling the function of justice better than that of life in prison. Because the death penalty costs so much more, and has never been proven to be any more effective, it is neither more just, nor more practical. It is, in fact, far less practical, and this tips the scales on an otherwise (arguably) balanced scale. Overtaxing society due to myths about the death penalty is, in any case, certainly unjust.   http://www.cjlf.org/deathpenalty/DPDeterrence.html  This is your second invitation to read about deterrence. Executions prevent repeat murders. Executions deter murders (period).  Find something in one of these articles that you believe to be false and show me where the falsehoods are. Otherwise, you are defeated.
.... I refuted it already. I'm sorry if you don't understand how statistics work. I was willing to go deeper into it at one point, but your nonsense tires me. I'm going to be honest here, Jim. The moment you literally referred to statistics -- no, wait -- projected statistics -- no, wait -- statistics projected over a large population based on a very small batch size, as "FACT," you lost all credibility in the land of intelligent thought. If you want, you can consider me "defeated" in your book; I promise I won't cry.You have refuted nothing. You simply use this "last post wins" tactic as an exit strategy to bolster your already sizeable ego and dupe some others into believing you actually made a point. There's no need for you to promise me anything...and I don't consider you defeated. You're simply incapable of recognizing the truth. The death penalty is an effective deterrent. Long live the death penalty!emoticon_xhoho
I've reviewed the links that work and see nothing showing the death penalty is a deterrent to anything. Lots of extreme emotion and opinion from individuals but the statistics put forth are so skewed with small samplings the margin of error has to be immeasurable against a national population. From a business plan perspective I hope the authors remain in their fields as they'd be laughed out of any new product presentation.   As extreme emotion is a major ingredient of common murder and that level of emotion generally overrides instilled training in all but a few very professional LE and military warrior types, I'd be curious as to how any law could possibly be accurately measured as a deterrent?Aside from the fact that they come from a pro-death penalty site, can you point to instances of emotional input or errors in sampling?
.06 executions for all US murders over a given time frame is not a number offering any statistical relationship basis to determine deterrence. When individual testimonials and examples on the subject are brought into play, as is prevalent on the website, that presents slanted emotional refocus to support numbers, a no-no for any valid statistical offering. Numbers stand or fall on their own. Looks like what it is, a prosecutor attempting to convince a jury of lay people.Is that .06% ? I do not understand the first sentence.  I do infer that you are pointing out that you think the sampling pool was entirely too small. This is akin to the exit polling so often used by the networks to predict the winner in elections just minutes after the voting begins. I'm not sure I agree with either approach. However, I am also not sure that the two efforts should be compared at all.  At least two of the abstracts say that their sampling included time-dated occurences wherein murder rates went down immediately following executions. I've just sent one full article to the printer (it appears to be well over a hundred pages). I intend to spend time in the next few weeks reading the relevant parts of it. If I reach the same conclusions you claim, I will not read the remaining papers....a man could go blind doing research.
Here's a couple of recent articles on death penalty deterrent:  http://www.csmonitor.com/2005/1214/p09s01-coop.html  The author is a professor at Emory University, currently ranked 32nd among law schools, but I didn't let that sway me as media was obviously scrambling for content with Tookie being hot news.   The author addresses national deterrent rates being statistically skewed by certain states in her analysis and the brutality effect. Could this be the same Joanna Shepherd?  http://people.clemson.edu/~jshephe/DPpaper_fin.pdf    http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/FaganTestimony.pdf  This author is a law professor at Columbia University, the number four ranked law school, makes a difference regardless of elitism accusations, and offers a formal report.I'll read this tonite.
Here's a couple of recent articles on death penalty deterrent:  http://www.csmonitor.com/2005/1214/p09s01-coop.html  The author is a professor at Emory University, currently ranked 32nd among law schools, but I didn't let that sway me as media was obviously scrambling for content with Tookie being hot news.   The author addresses national deterrent rates being statistically skewed by certain states in her analysis and the brutality effect.   ......and she makes a great point in this paragraph:  Will Stanley Williams's execution increase or decrease murders? If Williams had been executed in Texas, his execution would be expected to deter future murders. My study shows a strong deterrent effect there, seemingly motivated by the hundreds of people that Texas has executed in recent decades.   Does this not say that increasing executions will deter more murders?
Ok, in what way, in your definition, does justice serve the individual? Well, since I believe in that there are crimes and criminals deserving of the death penalty, "tookies" execution served justice in my book. Justice can be as simple as a judge telling someone who ran over my fence when they were drunk, had no insurance, license, or registration, that they must pay me restitution in the amount of $759.00 (This just might have actually happened to me :) ), or it might be as much as a convicted murderer being put to death for his crimes. If someone killed my wife in cold blood, I would find justice in watching him die strapped to a table. Please don't take that to mean that I would find pleasure in it, but justice...there is a difference. I just don't understand how someone can not think that justice serves the individual. If justice did not first serve the individual, it would never be appreciated by the masses.
Charging someone for the amount of money they owe you isn't even in the same field as demanding a person be killed for something they did.  And I would argue that it is a proportional punishment based on the severity of the crime. In the same respect...running over my fence is far less a crime than say killing my brother.    It is in society's best interest that people pay for the damages they cause. This is, of course, common sense, and society requires this maxim to function. The comparison is no bridge to the death penalty, however, because there is nothing gained by seeing a person fried to death as opposed to seeing them fade away in a prison cell for the rest of their life. The only thing gained is a larger tax burden, and possibly a sense of revenge for the victim involved. The fact of the matter, however, as addressed in my original post, is that no one but the person killed has a right to demand revenge, and unless you can prove to the court that revenge has meaning for the dead, you have no justification for asking for it. Please review my original post. Read it the first time, thanks. And as I said in other posts, it has nothing to do with revenge for me. For me, it is a punishment befitting a crime. Nothing more, nothing less. I could care less if it costs more, cost is not the issue. I firmly believe that some crimes and criminals are deserving of death.
For those who support the death penalty for murder as just punishment, would you support lopping off a hand for theft? Or stoning to death a Christian woman who sinned by having sexual relations before marriage? Or are you programmed into just punishment for only murder?No. Death should come to rapists, child molestors and terrorists and all those who support them. I don't believe in "an eye for an eye" or that the punishment should fit the crime (cut off the hand of a thief) but I do think Machiavellian tactics are justified in punishing certain heinous criminals. Kill the bastard and be done with it...FOREVER!
Others, and yourself, have stated death is a just penalty for murder. It's been determined the death penalty is economically inefficient and I have yet to see any solid statistics displaying a defined deterrent factor.   What's the upside for society if societal conditions encouraging lesser crimes emboldening criminals to step up to murder aren't resolved? How would you rectify that condition without draconian punishments?Why is it that the studies that seem to show it is not a deterrent are accepted and the studie that seem to show it is are dismissed? Multiple studies have shown that it is. IINM, Texas alone proves it is.
And why do you feel that it is necessary to punish crimes with a punishment befetting them? Do not say,"for the sake of justice" alone, because that justice must have a reason for being. What I am asking is what that reason for being is. Why do crimes require punishments that fit them? You really need this explained to you? Why shouldn't the punishment fit the crime? Do you see a better system? It seems to me that it would be a gross miscarriage of our justice system if tax evaders went to max security prisons for life, and murderers served 18 months in club fed. But hey, maybe that is just me.
I'm sure there have been more repeat murderers than innocent people put to death. As far as the cost goes, is that really an issue?   Execution Room = $10,000  Stainless Steel Table = $2,000  Leather Straps = $200  Lethal Injection Chemicals = $5,000  Knowing this person will never possibly be able to kill again =   PRICELESS
~A 1991 study of the Texas criminal justice system estimated the cost of appealing capital murder at $2,316,655. In contrast, the cost of housing a prisoner in a Texas maximum security prison single cell for 40 years is estimated at $750,000." (Punishment and the Death Penalty, edited by Robert M. Baird and Stuart E. Rosenbaum 1995 p.109 )  http://www.mindspring.com/~phporter/econ.html  Adjusted to 2005 dollars - $3,269,118/$1,058,353  A prisoner in a Texas Max Sec cell for 40 years does not get appeals?
I'm sure there have been more repeat murderers than innocent people put to death. As far as the cost goes, is that really an issue?   Execution Room = $10,000  Stainless Steel Table = $2,000  Leather Straps = $200  Lethal Injection Chemicals = $5,000  Knowing this person will never possibly be able to kill again =   PRICELESS Actually the room, straps, and table are all multi-use. And the drugs only cost Texas $86.08 per execution as of 2002.
Actually the room, straps, and table are all multi-use. And the drugs only cost Texas $86.08 per execution as of 2002.  My post was really more of a joke than anything else. Seriously though, it seems that people can only claim execution is more expensive than life in prison if they take into account cost of appeals. This leads me to the conclusion that we should only allow a single appeal. If a person cannot prove innocence beyond a reasonable doubt with one appeal, they lose. Also, when computing the cost of life imprisonment, do they include trial cost? Do they include cost for jail maintenance, construction, and salary for employees? When I compare the two, I compare the cost of simply executing somebody (assuming the decision has already been accepted legally) versus the cost of keeping them in prison for several decades. It is clear keeping them in prsion would be far more expensive in this case.
Not really given that many death row inmates spend decades in high security prisons. It costs roughly 60,000 to keep a inmate in a high security prison a year. Even over the course of 50 years that can't compare to a trial or series of trials that costs over several million after discounting the time value of money. Death costs more then life in prison. And it should be that way.  While I am sure that the costs vary state to state, they should be somewhat similar. Not sure where you get the figure of $60,000 from, but according to the TDOJ, the cost per day per offender as of FY2002 was $61.58. This comes out to $22,476.70 per year per offender. Average time spent on death row in Texas is 10.43 years. This would bring the average total costs per offender to $234,431.98.  Checking a few others: PA: $80.83 per offender per day. (2003) WI: $~71.00 per offeder per day. (present) OR: $67.53 per offender per day. (present)  I don't really see how cost is even an issue though.
If one person was excecuted when he was innocent than thats hundreds too many. It makes anybody that believes in the DP a cold blooded killer. If were killing anyone, we better make damn sure that we've got the right guy. Therefore, they should have as many appeals as they want, and should only be convicted of a captial crime if there is a blood trail with DNA all over it and eyewitness accounts etc. If there is any circumstancial evidence or speculation, then they DP must not be pursued. The DP serves no purpose except for a barbaric outlet for hate. Its barbaric that people want to kill each other, no matter what the circumstances (unless you're in mortal danger). Life incarceration will never let him kill again, and its cheaper. The death penalty has no deterring effect.  First of all, it is impossible to measure if the death penalty is an effective detterent or not, so this is a pointless argument. Second, contrary to your belief, a sentence to life in prison is not a guarantee that person will never breathe free air again. They can escape or even be pardoned. You cite the fallibility of our legal system when it comes to executing innocent people, but seem to put complete trust that when a person is locked away for life, they actually get locked away for life. This simply is not the case. I find it puzzling and bizzare that you would label the death penalty as a "barbaric outlet for hate," yet you support abortion. The death penalty is a punishment for barbaric outlets of hate. The fact that you can equivocate execution and abortion shows your lack of understanding of either. I believe in punishing people who are guilty and protecting the innocent. Convicted murderer = guilty. Fetus = innocent. Saying the death penalty is morally equivalent to abortion because they both involve kiling is like saying rape is morally equivalent to making love because they both involve sex.
Studies have been conducted.  Based on what...All the people who came forward and said, "Well, gee, I was going to murder this person, but the chance I might get the death penalty has really deterred me."? Like I said, this is an impossible thing to measure accurately; there is simply no good way to apply the scientific method here as there are too many variables. However, if I had to take a guess simply based on logic, I would say it is a deterrent. This is just my opinion, and there is really no way to prove either way.  What? Thats like me saying to you "you assume that when someone is given the death penalty, then they will be put to death".  All you did was say the same thing I did and apply it to your side. That isn't an argument, and you haven't refuted anything. In fact, I agree with you. Too often, after the death penalty is sentenced, people sit and sit on death row while the appeals process goes on and on. People have actually died on death row waiting to be executed. The point I was trying to make here, which you seem to have ignored (or cannot address), is that you cite the legal system for being imperfect as far as convicting innocents (which, incidentally, is usually based on a jury). Then you turn around and assume the legal system is perfect when it comes down to handing out and enforcing sentences, which it isn't. I do not make these claims. If someone is sentenced to life in prison without parole and they get out, that is a problem. If somebody is sentenced to the death penalty and they aren't executed, that is a problem. If somebody is completely innocent and they are executed for a crime they didn't commit (which, with forensics these days, probably will never happen again), that is a problem. If somebody is let out of prison and they victimize another innocent person, that is a problem. None of these problems warrent abolishing the death penalty.  And embryo is not a sentinent being. A person is. Secondly, its a complete contradiction for you to be pro-life and support the DP. More so than it is for me to be pro-choice and against the death penatly.  The problem here is your first sentence, and your "embryos don't count" point of view. In my opinion, something that is going to grow into a human being is a human being. Also, you can't be "more contradictory." You either are, or you aren't. You are, and I'm not.  No its not. It serves no purpose, as being locked away for life does the exact same thing, just nobody dies. The only reason for it is because of hate. You hate the person so much that you want him/her dead. Thats barbaric, and thats hate.  I have already explained the purpose it serves. Why do you support the right to bear arms? I'll let you answer that question yourself, and I won't put words in your mouth. However, I will tell you how I see it. If you support the right to bear arms, ultimately you believe that a person should be allowed to kill somebody in self defense. Why doesn't this right translate to the whole of society? Doesn't society have the right to kill people in self defense? Doesn't society have the right to preserve civility and order? I'll go so far as to say society not only has the right, but the responsibility to preserve civility and order. I don't enjoy killing, and I don't want to see executions on TV. Personally, I wish it wasn't needed. To me, it is our right to bear arms as a collective whole. Then you start talking about hate, which makes no sense. You really should leave emotion out of it. I don't want people to be executed because I hate them. I think there are certain crimes that deserve death as a punishment. That is all, plain and simple. My personal emotions have nothing to do with it.   The fact that you condone murder of sentinent beings, yet advocate against a woman's right to choose is puzzling to me, and shows you don't understand either.  How do you know a fetus isn't a sentinent being? Do you remember when you were a year old? If not, does that mean you weren't self-aware? Does that mean you weren't a human being? My first memories are around the age of three. Does that mean my mother could have killed me at two years old and that would be okay by you? By the way, I am not against a woman's right to choose. She can choose birth control or even abstinence. Essentially, you believe a fetus should be allowed to be killed simply for existing, while you protect the lives of people who have murdered other innocent people (as murder is generally what a person will get the death penalty for). Doesn't this seem backwards to you? I suppose if you don't understand that a fetus is a life, it makes perfect sense.   Obviously not protecting the innocent, since the DP serves no purpose.  It serves the purpose of punishing people who have committed atrocities against society.  Thats a stupid and baseless statement. The embryo is not even a sentinent being, therefore there is no "guilt" or "innocence".  Even if that were true, you are conveniently ignoring the fact that the "sentinent being" convicted of murder IS guilty and deserves to be punished.  The DP is not equivilant to abortion. It's murdering living breathing humans while abortion does not.  If you think that is true, you should read up on abortion. Specifically, late-term abortion. These types of abortions kill thousands more a year than the death penalty ever has. Also, why don't you ever address the fact that we are talking about punishing convicted criminals? You act as if the chance of executing an innocent makes all convicts innocent. Some crimes are so terrible, life in prison just isn't enough.  If you are going to try and bring abortion into this debate, I ask you to answer the questions I have posed regarding the right to bear arms. Explain how the death penalty isn't the right to bear arms applied to the whole of society.
I believe we could go on and on stating opposing points of view and correcting spelling mistakes, but I believe when you encounter a situation like this with two opposing sides, the only viable solution is a compromise. What if we limited the death penalty to the crimes of murder and rape, and only when there is proof? This could be a video of the crime, more than X number of eyewitnesses, forensics, etc. Would you support it then?
 http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?&did=1705#LAW%20ENFORCEMENT%20AND%20THE%20DEATH%20PENALTY   Give up with the false claims.  Are you telling me you really think there is a correlation between using the death penalty less and the murder rate going down? You believe there were people out there who were all geared up and ready to murder, but then they suddenly had a change of heart because they noticed the death penalty wasn't being used as much? By that logic, if we executed everybdoy on death row tomorrow, hundreds, maybe even thousands, of citizens would murder each other as a result.There is no correlation here, and, as I have already said, this argument is impossible to prove either way, regardless of what the "studies" show.
 And furthermore, Ghandi said "An eye for an eye leaves everyone blind".  Ghandi's math is a little off in this case. One eye for another eye between two people would still leave each person with one eye. Therefore, nobody is left blinded; they simply would have inferior depth perception.
I don't know which America you live in, but it sure ain't mine.  Nobody lives in your America but you. Reality is mostly perception.   Sex is not just a privalege for those who can mentally and phisically sustain a baby. No, abortion should never be used as birth control, but it should always be available as a last resort.  In this case, you are actually correct in your statement that sex is not a privilege. Any two consenting adults can legally have sex. As far as abortion never being used for birth control...abortion IS birth control, so abortion can't be without itself.  That is such a stupid statement, words fail me to describe it. If you do not know everybody's circumstances and everybody's emotional state etc, then making a statement like that is like saying "well why didn't all of those holocaust victims just kill all the Nazis with their bare hands and escape?".   Actually, no, it isn't the same at all. Have you ever heard the expression "It takes two to tango"? The Jews didn't consent to what the Nazis where doing. Unless the crime of rape is taking place, people having sex willfully engage in such activity with one another. Dont do the crime if you can't do the time, so to speak.  Sex is a healthy form of recreations that is vital to sustaining a romantic relationship with someone. Its not a privelage for those who wish to have babies.  This is correct. Nobody has ever said it was a privilege for those who want to have babies. I'm not sure where you came up with this.  Since you are not a woman who has been through unwanted pregnancies and has unwanted children and had to care for them at age 14, how are you qualified to tell women what they can and can't do with their own bodies, and take away their personal freedoms?  Ah, yes, the tired argument of experience. If experience is such a fantastic teacher, why is hindsight 20/20? Often when you look back on something you can analyze it without being spoiled by emotions. Emotions lead to irrational behavior. Allowing the woman to decide the fate of the fetus is the same as allowing the family of a murder victim to decide the sentence. Out of anybody you could possibly choose to make the decision on abortion, the pregnant woman has the most to gain or lose. Apparently, some people think this is why she should be able to make the decision, and some people think this is why she shouldn't be the one to make the decision. Personally, if you have nothing to gain or lose based on a given choice, then that choice is more likely to be made based on right versus wrong.  You have still yet to state what purpose the DP serves.  Just because you don't agree with the purposes presented to you, doesn't mean they haven't been presented.   I do not justify killing any babies.  It is ending a human life that did nothing but exist.
Yet how many eyes were lost? What if there wasn't two people? What if they took out both eyes? There are too many variables for you to make an assertion like that.  No, there aren't too many variables. If you examine the phrase "an eye for an eye" you can logically deduct several things. The most obvious is there are only two eyes involved in the equation. "An eye (1) for an eye (1)." 1 eye + 1 eye = 2 eyes. Since this expression is supposed to teach us a lesson regarding how we treat other people (not ourselves), we can also conclude that there are at least two people (most likely only two people, but certainly never just one person). Every normal person has two eye. Therefore, if one person with two eyes trades "an eye" for "an eye" with another person with two eyes, each person is left with a single eye. Thus, neither person is blind, and the expression is incorrect.
On the contrary. In your america, murdering children is acceptable. Not the america with the 50 states, George W. Bush as the president, etc. Thats the america I live in.  How exactly does this prove that reality is not largely based on perception? If anything, you have just proved my point.  True, but i meant abortion should never be used as opposed to a condom or pill.  But it will be, no matter how much you think it shouldn't.  What does consenting or crime have to do with anything. I don't see a stitch of relevance in that post.  Of course not. Sometimes I wonder if you even understand what you post, at least on this topic.
Thats aside from the point. The point I'm trying to make is that murdering children is illegal, which is not a perception or a different reality. It just Is.  You don't perceive an embryo to be a human life, but some people do. To both of you, this is reality, and it is based mostly on perception. Two people are looking at the same exact thing and they each see something different.  It seems that you don't understand a thing. I meant that abortion is not black and white. You can't really just tell people to "quit" having sex. You can't just stop doing something. Just like I said, the jews just couldn't "escape" from the nazis, inmates can't just escape from jail like its easy, and people can't just do things. Its hard for them, and you don't know your circumstances.  You are completely wrong. You act as if people aren't in control of their actions. What on earth do you mean, "You can't just stop doing something."? Everybody who has quit smoking cold turkey defies that statement, myself included. Then you turn around and say "...people can't just do things." Well, which one is it? Is it people can't stop or can't do? Either way, you seek to absolve people of personal responsibility. Maybe we should use this reasoning to excuse all human behavior? "Well, Bob isn't really a bad guy, he just couldn't manage to stop molesting those kids." People are responsible for what they do, and if the consequences of the behavior they choose leads to the creation of a new human life, they should not have the right to end it. Perhaps you are so young that sex seems exciting and new and you really think people can't help it. I assure you, they can.
But lets say the offender poked out both of someone's eyes? Then it would mean two eyes. So if 2(1eye + 1eye) = X, then X would Equal 4 eyes, which would make both persons blind.  But lets say the offender decides to poke out both eyes? What then? Then obviously, everyone will end up blind eventually.  I just disproved that. Even if what you said is true, two eyes were lost in the process. Which means that 1 eye extra was lost.  You didn't disprove anything. All you did was create new terms to the equation. You could have just as easily said "But what if each person was a cyclops?" If you add in your own conditions, you can make the equation anything you want. This entire expression hinges on the equality between exchanging one eye for another. "An eye for an eye" does not mean "maybe sometimes both eyes for both eyes."
I just disproved the whole thing! Fine, what would happen if I poked both of your eyes out? Its one eye for one eye.  If you poked both of my eyes out, you would still have two eyes. Therefore, "everyone" is not blind, just me. Besides, poking out both of my eyes is not trading an eye for an eye, as the expression outlines. Trust me, I am correct on this one. You are better off using the other cliche "Two wrongs don't make a right."
Then good for them, but science shows that embryos are not children.  This statement is correct, though meaningless. I said an embryo is "a human life." You refute by saying an embryo is not a child. There is no comparison here, as not all "human lives" are "children." The fact that science doesn't consider an embryo a child doesn't mean an embryo isn't a human life.  You are not in their circumstances and don't know what its like for them.  Nobody knows what it is like to be anybody else. Does this mean we should eliminate all laws, as we shouldn't have the right to enforce any laws on people when we don't understand what it is like to be in their situation?  Also same with everyone who hasn't. People are different, thats why we have choice. So the people who can quit go along their way, and the people that cant have an emergency safety net.  That's fine for smoking. However, I don't agree that ending a human life should be a valid "emergency safety net" in this case.   Not at all. I seek to protect people from burdens and forced opinons of others onto their own personal lives.  Of course not, but if that human life is living like a parasite off of someone else, and that person has no way of getting it off him/her except for an abortion, then they do. Anyone has a right to remove any parasitic infection or cancer from his/her body, no matter what kind of life it is.  It is too bad that you think an embryo in a state you lived through is a "burden" and a "parasite" that should be treated like an "infection or cancer." The thing that really puzzles me is you are against late-term abortion. This means that there is actually a specific moment in time when an embryo transforms from a parasitic lump of DNA to a human being with rights, in your opinion.
What does any of this have to do with the death penalty? I just came from the abortion forum and there is the same discussion there. Can we get back on track here?
Regarding the OP, and I dare say I haven't read the whole thread, but has anybody said that one good reason for the death penalty for murderers is because dead men never killed anyone again ? I'm just sayin...
Regarding the OP, and I dare say I haven't read the whole thread, but has anybody said that one good reason for the death penalty for murderers is because dead men never killed anyone again ? I'm just sayin... That has been brought up time and time again between the 2 DP threads current. The problem is, there are those who refuse to listen to logic here.   The shamelss self promotion of BJTJ is a fine example (which by the way he has posted the same post 4 times now in different threads). Fritz was sentenced to LWOP, not the death penalty. But did his innocence change the posters mind about LWOP...no, it changed his mind about the death penalty. Don't forget, that Fritz was FIRST found guilty, then sentenced. So shouldn't people really be fighting for change in the trial process, rather than the sentencing process? What absolutely kills me about the anti-crowd is that they could care less about anyone sentenced to LWOP, guilty or not. But add the death penalty, and all of the sudden everyone is innocent and it's a gross miscarriage of justice. What a crock of $hit.
Was Jesus for the death penalty? I say jesus was for the deaht penalty anddddddd he was guilty.
Was Jesus for the death penalty? I say jesus was for the deaht penalty anddddddd he was guilty. of course jesus was for the death penalty. long before any legal system was in place, death was the penatly for sin. the concept of crime didnt even exist at the time. in fact, the mere fact that everbody dies (including animals and plants) is proof that sin has contaminated the planet and god's system of justice works  now, where jesus comes into the picture is that he was sinless. as the only sinless living thing on earth, jesus did not have the death penalty hanging over his head, and was pretty much indestructible (like god is). however, because his love for mankind moved him with compassion, he chose to make himself "killable", even though he never sinned. so he allowed himself to pay the penalty for sins he never commited (the death penalty), and... he died!  so to answer your question: yes. not only is jesus for the death penalty, he invented it. and no, he was not guilty, but he pleaded guilty anyway  disclaimer; the views in this tongue-in-cheek post are not necessarily the views of unkerpaulie, but unkerpaulie endorses everything that was said here, for the sake of the discussion, if that makes sense...
Was Jesus for the death penalty? I say jesus was for the deaht penalty anddddddd he was guilty.If you are going to argue for or against the death penalty, at least try to be a credit to the argument and present something that makes sense. At least post something that can be backed up with some real statistics.
If you are going to argue for or against the death penalty, at least try to be a credit to the argument and present something that makes sense. At least post something that can be backed up with some real statistics. how is that not a good example?
how is that not a good example? First off, what was he guilty of? Second, what evidence do you have that jesus supported the death penalty. Third, how does this apply to our modern day judicial system and our use of the death penalty. Master_Shake made a great point, I would like to see your response to that.
First off, what was he guilty of? Second, what evidence do you have that jesus supported the death penalty. Third, how does this apply to our modern day judicial system and our use of the death penalty. Master_Shake made a great point, I would like to see your response to that.He was guilty of blasphemy, the evidence is sooo clear he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us. This applies to modern day death penalty becuase when Jesus died for us he was accused of a crime. And now the death penalty kills people that have been accused of a crime.
First off, what was he guilty of? Second, what evidence do you have that jesus supported the death penalty. Third, how does this apply to our modern day judicial system and our use of the death penalty. Master_Shake made a great point, I would like to see your response to that.He was guilty of blasphemy, the evidence is sooo clear he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us. This applies to modern day death penalty becuase when Jesus died for us he was accused of a crime. And now the death penalty kills people that have been accused of a crime.  heres more  The Old Testament law commanded the death penalty for various acts: murder (Exodus 21:12), kidnapping (Exodus 21:16), bestiality (Exodus 22:19); adultery (Leviticus 20:10); homosexuality (Leviticus 20:13), a false prophet (Deuteronomy 13:5), prostitution and rape (Deuteronomy 22:4), and several other crimes  Romans 13:4  Virtually all religious scholars agree that the correctly translated commandment "Thou shalt not murder" is a prohibition against individual cases of murder. There is no biblical prohibition against the government imposition of the death penalty in deserving cases. Indeed, the government imposition of capital punishment is required for deliberate murder. (Dr. Charles Ryrie, Biblical Answers to Contemporary Issues & The Ryrie Study Bible, Exodus 20:13).  "God, Himself, instituted the death penalty (Genesis 9:6) and Christ regarded capital punishment as a just penalty for murder (Matthew 26:52). God gave to government the legitimate authority to use capital punishment to restrain murder and to punish murderers. Not to inflict the death penalty is a flagrant disregard for God's divine Law which recognizes the dignity of human life as a product of God's creation. Life is sacred, and that is why God instituted the death penalty. Consequently, whoever takes innocent human life forfeits his own right to live." Protestant scholar Rev. Reuben Hahn (Mt. Prospect, Ill.), Human Events, 3/2/85. But, you say, what about the women taken in the very act of adultery. This story is told in John 8:3-11. The scribes and Pharisees sought to find something against Jesus. Their method of operation was to ask a question or present a problem in which either solution would hurt Jesus (see several instances in Matthew 23). In this case, they presented the woman taken in adultery and reminded Jesus, "Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?" (v.5). If He upheld the law, the meek and lowly Jesus would be portrayed as cruel. If He made an exception to the law, He would be in favor of breaking the law. In either case, His bond with the people would be broken.  However, Jesus did the unexpected. He stooped down and wrote with His finger on the ground. What He wrote, we are not told. When the Pharisees insisted on an answer, He said, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her" (v.7) and continued writing.   One interesting fact about this story: only the woman was brought. No man was accused. Yet, adultery is definitely a two-person sin. Is it possible that Jesus wrote Leviticus 20:10 on the ground? It says, "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death." Notice, both the adulterer and the adulteress are to be put to death. Not one, but both.  At any rate, the consciences of the accusers began to accuse their own hearts. One by one, beginning with the eldest, they slipped away until no man was there to accuse the woman. With no accusers, there was no required penalty. Jesus had used the occasion to point out the hypocrisy of the scribes and Pharisees while at the same time showing His love to the unloved. He told the woman to go and sin no more.
What does it matter anyway what the Bible has to say on capital punishment? Its to start a debate.
And now the death penalty kills people that have been accused of a crime. Wrong. The death penalty executes felons found guilty of especially heinous crimes. Our judicial system has come a long way in the last 200 years, let alone 2000 years. Not to mention that your argument first assumes that jesus, god, and the bible are all real and documented accurately (this seems unlikely). So what exactly links our modern death penalty with the story of an execution 2000 years ago?
Wrong. The death penalty executes felons found guilty of especially heinous crimes. thats what i meant. my bad
Besides, this passage isn't about the death penalty anyway.  read all of Romans 13
I have read all of your post and all you talk about is my facts being irrelevant, but as a Christian i belive Jesus and God are one, and the bible is the word of God so therefore its also the words of Jesus.
If you choose to act violently, violence will come upon you. Not because it should, but because it will/ my point exactly
Where in Hell did you get such XXXX. Because that would be the only place you would have gotten such a blatant lie. What was his "blasphemy"? His blasphemy was saying he was God, and the Jews said it was blasphemy, then the romans killed him. I know that I've tried to make this argument before on another thread but Jesus was not God in that sence but the Son of God. God even says in the Bible that Jesus is his son so that they are apart of eachother but are not the same. Also, how do you know that a lot of the laws put into Leviticus were not just ones added by the chief priest? After all, the Bible was writen down by human hands.Look at John 1:3 it states that "Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made", that includes angels, Adam and Eve, stars and all animals. when they say Jesus is the son of God its not like like sons on earth.  Also I want to make reference to John 3: 16-17 (TEV* translation) 16: For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life. 17: For God did not send his on into the world to be its judge, but to be its savior.John 1:3, Colossians 1:15-17
look at my post above, even though it isnt directed towards you it still get some of my points across. But if i didnt answer everything or im not getting something you asked then explain to me.
mastershake, the entire event of jesus' visit, death and resurrection means nothing unless jesus thought the death penalty was valid. as far as jesus was conerned, any act of any sin brought the death penalty upon you. we arent talking about crimes, we are talking about disobedience of anything god said (or anything the priest/king said god said). if jesus didnt support the concept of the death penalty, then why did he die?
mastershake, the entire event of jesus' visit, death and resurrection means nothing unless jesus thought the death penalty was valid. as far as jesus was conerned, any act of any sin brought the death penalty upon you. we arent talking about crimes, we are talking about disobedience of anything god said (or anything the priest/king said god said). if jesus didnt support the concept of the death penalty, then why did he die? As I recall, wasn't jesus arrested, taken to trial, and put to death after being whipped and tortured for hours? At least that's how I thought the story went. It's not like jesus layed down and nailed himself to the cross.
But he did not fight against the romans when they were putting him to death.
But he did not fight against the romans when they were putting him to death. And...? Define "fight against". Many of the men and women put to death in the US walk quietly and calmly into the execution room, and step up onto the table without fighting. They may not agree with being put to death (some do), but they are not swinging and clawing up to their last moment. What exactly was jesus supposed to do? Again, all assuming that the bible true, and not simply an allegorical work of fiction.
And...? Define "fight against". Many of the men and women put to death in the US walk quietly and calmly into the execution room, and step up onto the table without fighting. They may not agree with being put to death (some do), but they are not swinging and clawing up to their last moment. What exactly was jesus supposed to do? Again, all assuming that the bible true, and not simply an allegorical work of fiction.Jesus could have done anything to get out of being executed, but he didnt. He could have killed all of the romans right there, but he didnt. He did what he was supposed to do which was die for all of us.
Jesus could have done anything to get out of being executed, but he didnt. He could have killed all of the romans right there, but he didnt. He did what he was supposed to do which was die for all of us. A rediculous argument, totally unproveable, based on the assumptions that:  1. Jesus as described in the bible was real. 2. Jesus possessed some super power.   You argument get farther and farther from reality each step you go. I guess you will tell me that he could have killed them all with his magic death ray. emoticon_rolleyes  At any rate, for the simple sake of argument, even if this were all true, it would not prove one way or another that jesus was for or against the death penalty, just that it was used on him.
There's a differene between him knowing the death penalty would be used and him agreeing with its use. He knew he'd be put to death, but that doesn't mean he agrees with the process. He certainly didn't agree with everything done to him, but he didn't fight against it.  -Wez was he killed against his will? did he have a better plan for the remission of sins than death? throughtout the entire bible, death to sinners is more consistent than anything else. it is the single most popular concept in the entire bible. sin causes death. from genesis this is established at the very onset.   when jesus came on the scene, his ministry was the fullfillment of this pervasive law. he had to die sinless in order to overcome the death penalty. this meant that the death penalty had to be applied to him.  to think that jesus did not believe in the law of the death penalty for sin shows a serious misunderstanding of the bible
Seems like you just made a pretty good biblical argument against the death penalty. i did. from a biblical perspective the death penalty is no longer necessary. jesus' death is the turning point at which an alternative for the death penalty was created. even paul says "he wages of sin is death, but the gift of god is eternal life through jesus christ". in he sense, the death penalty is still valid, in that once a sin is commited, only death can appease god. this was the continuous theme of the old testament up to jesus' death itself. of course jesus endorsed the death penalty. he invented it.   what post-death christianity seems to misunderstand is that the death penalty is still in effect today. once a sin is commited, a death is STILL required. this hasnt changed, and will never change. however, the death need not be that of the one who sinned, because jesus already died for that sin, and by acknowledging his death as the penalty already paid for your sin, through faith, then the sinner doesnt have to die for the sin he commited. christ died for the sins of everybody. thats why people who sin can have eternal life. however, the law of the death penalty was never abolished, and never will be, its simply fulfilled  hope that makes sense. lol i sound like a preacher now
Sin causing death isn't advocating the death penalty however, unless it is humans killing 'sinful' humans in cold blood and God approving of it. check out these verses from exodus: Exodus 21:12 - "Whoever strikes a man so that he dies shall be put to death.   Exodus 21:15 - "Whoever strikes his father or his mother shall be put to death.   Exodus 21:16 - "Whoever steals a man, whether he sells him or is found in possession of him, shall be put to death.   Exodus 21:17 - "Whoever curses his father or his mother shall be put to death.   Exodus 22:19 - "Whoever lies with a beast shall be put to death.   Exodus 31:15 - Six days shall work be done, but the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest, holy to the LORD; whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall be put to death.   there are also some in leviticus  read joshua 7  basically, if you sin, you die  Then why does Jesus stop a woman from being stoned to death and instead forgives her? jesus actually endorsed the death penalty in that instance. look at the entire passage. the pharisees came to jesus while he was doodling in the sand with a stick. they told him that they had caught the woman in the act of adultery, and by the law of moses (sampled above) she should be put to death. jesus immediately agreed to them enforcing the death penalty, since the penalty for sin is death. so he answered "of course you are right about the law of moses. any of you who are without sin, throw the first stone." then he casually went back to doodling away in the sand  the pharasees found themselves in their own catch. how could they put the woman to death for sinning, when they themselves were sinners, and should also be put to death. stuck in the dilema, they could do nothing but leave the issue alone. then jesus asked the woman "where are those that condemn you?" she told him they had all left, and jesus said "neither do i condemn you. go and sin no more"  so you see, jesus continued to support the death penalty. it so happened that the pharasees found for themselves that they could not logically uphold the death penalty, otherwise they'd have to condemn themselves first. the law still remained valid
Surely applying God's law is a religious duty. One sin does not justify another sin.  Also, why didn't Jesus himself heave a boulder at her? one sin does not justify another sin, but one who is sinful cannot condemn another for being sinful unless he first condemns himself. jesus' "twist" to the upholding of the law was not that a council of elders execute the law upon others. it simply was not and is not practical. instead, the observance of the law must be internal. when one sins, his own conscience convicts him. he repents for himself, and is restored for himself. or he condemns himself and brings execution upon himself. no external entity will enforce the law upon others. by this, the law remains intact, but the observance of the law changes dramatically
ill post later, i havent been home, or on a computer until today
If I remember correctly, Jesus brought with him new teachings that overrode the Exodus rules. Also, like Obvious child said, not all sins require death.  I guess I should add this.  When Jesus was on the cross what did he give to the person next to him? Pardon or forgiveness? Obviously they are two different things correct? If he would have pardon him, Jesus would have let live and release him (since he is the son of God how can he not?) Now a days our rules are different, back than things were much more stricter. I believe that Jesus does believe in the death penalty, but just when only necessary. As it is today, when someone murderers another, the death penalty is considered, as it should be.
one sin does not justify another sin, but one who is sinful cannot condemn another for being sinful unless he first condemns himself. 1) where does it say this in the Bible? on not judging others: Matthew 7:3-5 Why do you see the speck that is in your brother's eye, but do not notice the log that is in your own eye? 4 Or how can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when there is the log in your own eye? 5 You hypocrite, first take the log out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to take the speck out of your brother's eye.   2) not all sins have death prescribed correct, but all sin lead to "spiritual death" even if a physical death penalty is not attached to it James 2:10 - 10 For whoever keeps the whole law but fails in one point has become guilty of all of it.  3) this doesn't answer why Jesus didn't stone the woman the death penalty as a consequence of commiting adultery never changed according to divine law. basically, the idea is that the penalty for sin is death, whether it be a crime against society or overlooking a minor detail in the law. all sin causes death; spiritual death, and physical death eventually.   the way the law worked, a council of elders who were supposed to be holy and upright judges of israel, were authorised to execute the judgement of the laws. of course power corrupts blah blah blah, and it makes no sense having a council to execute judgement against sinners when the judges are just as guilty as the defendants.  jesus introduced a new way to execute the death penalty, with an ammendment to the law called forgiveness. the death penalty still remained valid, but forgiveness trumps sin, so to speak. it so happens that jesus was of the opinion that forgiveness is more to his liking than death. it was the reason why he was there in the first place. since jesus came to present the option of forgiveness rather than death, this was a marketing opportunity for him. let this woman sample a trial version of forgiveness and see how she likes it. if she wasnt satisfied she could return it for a full refund and get stoned to death  since jesus came and left, the option has been established and is still available while supplies last. so you sin, and yes the penalty of death is hanging over your head. but... you can now do something about it! with the new forgiveness 2000 you dont have to die in your sins. instead, try forgiveness risk free and see the amazing results of eternal life! just call the 1-800 number on your screen and have your forgiveness 2000 rushed to your life. of course, if you refuse to call and die in your sins, then you've executed the death penalty upon yourself. so call today!  hope the idea is clearer now
That would make Jesus against the death penalty in all forms it currently exists as though?  -Wez no. the death penalty still stands. it has not been abolished by jesus, nor does he oppose it. the death penalty is the consequence for sinning AND not accepting forgiveness. in any situation where a sinner does not accept forgiveness, the death penalty is executed, at least spiritually. its simply that the option exists to get around the death penalty. it doesnt mean jesus abolished the death penalty altogether
If it makes no sense, why did God run with it in the first place good question. and it also falls into a point i forgot to mention earlier. the death penalty begins in genesis, and it is introduced in one of the first conversations god has with adam on the very first day of his existence. "the day you eat of the fruit you will surely die."   the part that i forgot to mention was the part about sacrifice. not all sins in the old testament law led to the death of the one commiting it, but in ALL instances a death was demanded. at the very least, every single individual in the nation was required to offer as a sacrifice for their sins the best animal they owned. the animal was supposed to be slashed and bled to death, then completely burnt. the concept of "scapegoat" comes from this. symbolically, the sins of the person was laid upon the animal, and by killing the animal, you kill that which bears the sin. even then, death was the only was sin could be cleansed  to answer your question, executing the death penalty upon persons who commited the death penalty crimes was the job of the council. this kept things in check, from a social standpoint (eliminating thieves, murderers, rapists, blasphemers, etc), but it relly wasnt handling the real problem, which was sin. besides that, even those on the council needed to make animal sacrifices on behalf of themselves. in most cases this was a once-per-year event, unless the council itself deemed it necessary in certain instances (a new citizen, good harvest, family member going to war, etc).   a better plan would be a more on-demand delivery of forgiveness, that would cover all sins and not require the cumbersome procedures of animal sacrifices or putting people to death. so jesus, being both the ultimate animal sacrifice, and the sinless guilty criminal, solves the problem, but only for those who accept it and believe in it  So the forgiveness didn't require the crucifixion? He was able to offer it before the full, final sacrifice? another very good question. this little passage addresses it nicely: matthew 9:1-8 And getting into a boat he crossed over and came to his own city. And behold, they brought to him a paralytic, lying on his bed; and when Jesus saw their faith he said to the paralytic, "Take heart, my son; your sins are forgiven." And behold, some of the scribes said to themselves, "This man is blaspheming." But Jesus, knowing their thoughts, said, "Why do you think evil in your hearts? For which is easier, to say, 'Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, 'Rise and walk'? But that you may know that the Son of man has authority on earth to forgive sins" --he then said to the paralytic--"Rise, take up your bed and go home." And he rose and went home. When the crowds saw it, they were afraid, and they glorified God, who had given such authority to men.  jesus had the authority to personally walk up to you and forgive your sins. after all, he was god, and the ultimate arbitrator. its also why he can say to you today (in the spirit) "take heart, obvious child, your sins are forgiven." and yes, it would seem that he could simply do that without having to die, and you'd be right  the thing is, jesus came to FULFILL the law. its a concept that people are still struggling with. the law of god demands death as the only way to eliminate sin. this principle has never changed. by jesus dying for no sin of his, he made it possible that anybody can put their own sins upon him (as they would a traditional sacrifice) and by that way have their sins eliminated under the law of the death penalty
How are you meant to tell if someone accepts forgiveness? You can't tell what a person truely feels.  -Wez thats right. hence self judgement
A rediculous argument, totally unproveable, based on the assumptions that:  1. Jesus as described in the bible was real. 2. Jesus possessed some super power.   You argument get farther and farther from reality each step you go. I guess you will tell me that he could have killed them all with his magic death ray. emoticon_rolleyesWhy are we using Bible refrences then? Jesus was all man but also God, so i dont get what you are saying here.  At any rate, for the simple sake of argument, even if this were all true, it would not prove one way or another that jesus was for or against the death penalty, just that it was used on him.What saying is that he would have been able to get out of the death penalty and he didnt.
Matthew 15:3-4 "3Jesus replied, "And why do you break the command of God for the sake of your tradition? 4For God said, 'Honor your father and mother'[a] and 'Anyone who curses his father or mother must be put to death."
This is what I was going to say as well. If Jesus was sinless, but believed in the death penalty for this woman, why wouldn't he stone her? I was wondering that same reason and i looked it up and i found out that he wrote this in the verse in the sand and he could not kill er becuase many people would view him as a cruel man and would not follow him, and if he didnt kill her people would think he is supporting the breaking of the law. Jesus does support the death penalty but i dont believe he would kill the person himself, but he says what people deserve, as in Mathew 15:3-4
Oddly, it was the serpent's prediction that came true. well the argument is that they died spiritually, making god's prediction true  Can you really say that all the death penalties are about social order rather than straightforward sin: what about homosexuality? yup. homosexuality, fornication, idol worship, rebeliousness to parents, etc, all would corrupt what should be a pure and ideally godly society. so they had to be killed  Problem is, this only works if sin is a sort of substance that can be passed on, and has nothing to do with justice. If this is true, why doesn't God get rid of it? but sin IS handled as a substance that can be transferred. its justice in a cosmic sense, where jesus' death is offered for the sin. its just like the old animal sacrifice way, where the very sin wsa transferred to the animal to be sacrificed. the same principle applies  Isn't the idea that if God forgave without the sacrifice then he'd be turning justice aside? yes and no. god has the authority and ability to voluntarily pardon a wrong, as a banker could write-off a debt. however, the complete elimination of the sin requires the sacrifice of the life that tokk the sin. in other words, by jesus forgiving the woman, he voluntarily and innocently took her sin upon himself, in advance. however, that sin could not be eliminated completely until jesus was sacrificed. again, it follows the prinicple of transferring the sins to the sacrificial animal, then killing the animal to eliminate the sin completely  And because he was God and innocent he can 'absorb' an infinite amount of sin? Doesn't this need contradict what you've just said above: in the case of the prostitute no-one needed to die. well i sort of explained it above. its not that jesus didnt need to die to forgive her. by transferring her sin upon himself, she was immediately forgiven, since the sin was personaly removed right then amd there  by being the ultimate sacrifice, jesus symbolically takes the sin of everybody in the world upon himself. the only thing the individual is required to do is accept the sacrifice and believe in the transfer and elimination of the sin.
the verse John 8:7.
Where in the Bible does it say they died spiritually?nowhere. its just a popular convention  We've gone back to stopping sin. The point is that homosexuality doesn't damage a society in itself: it is a sin against God not man.it was deemed a crime against the jewish society in that time  I'm aware its the same principle. But the idea of 'justice' which requires someone's death but not the guilty party's is simply unjust.why do you say its unjust?   So from that point onwards Christ was sinful?no more than a goat about to be sacrificed was sinful. the animal never commits any sin, and is usually the most blemish-free and "perfect" of the flock. so the animal isnt sinful, but in a sense it is, in that the sins of the individual are placed upon it.  I have to say, he never says 'I have taken your sin' simply 'your sins are forgiven'. how is that different from forgiveness?  Why is the individual required to do that?because if you dont accept the forgiveness and dont acknowledge YOUR sins as taken by christ, then you continue to bear your own sins. the act of dying for your sins was already done by jesus, but the act of placing your sin upon him is something only you can do
I was wondering that same reason and i looked it up and i found out that he wrote this in the verse in the sand and he could not kill er becuase many people would view him as a cruel man and would not follow him, and if he didnt kill her people would think he is supporting the breaking of the law. Jesus does support the death penalty but i dont believe he would kill the person himself, but he says what people deserve, as in Mathew 15:3-4 i want to address this verse in the broader context of the conversation between jesus and the pharasees here. matt 15:3-6 He answered them, "And why do you transgress the commandment of God for the sake of your tradition? For God commanded, 'Honor your father and your mother,' and, 'He who speaks evil of father or mother, let him surely die.' But you say, 'If any one tells his father or his mother, What you would have gained from me is given to God, he need not honor his father.' So, for the sake of your tradition, you have made void the word of God.  what jesus was referring to was the pharasees using a false religious justification to encourage children rebelling against their parents, and not upholding the law. by the pharasee logic, if a child tells their parents "what you have gained from me belongs to god", that child could reject his parents and even dishonor them. this was totally against what the scriptures commanded. in the same instance, he is also reprimanding them for not enforcing the law, which involves death to any child that disrespects his parents
No, we don't know he wrote what he said. The USCCB - NAB draws up an interesting point. There is a verse in Jeremiah that says:  We know what his message was when he wrote in the sand
Was it? Not against God or nature, but a crime against other people? committing an act that was defined particulary as an abomination unto god had the consequence of a curse falling on the entire nation. this was bad for society as a whole.  Because justice is person-specific: the guilty being punished and the innocent not. You can't simply punish one person for another's sin. That's just saying if something bad happens you have to double it. punishment is supposed to serve as a deterent. the idea is to prevent the crime from occuring in the first place, not for curing the occurence of the crime. in a sense, the person committing the crime is deterred because he wold bear the burden of sin, which is both the consequence and punishment. the time it takes for people to rehabilitate from their sinful behavior varies, and its the person to decide for himself how long he needs to bear his sin (i.e., be punished, before he con consider himself rehabilitated. at this point, he whole-heartedly repents from his sins.  why is the current system of justice the way that it is? does it actually take all murderers 25 years to rehabilitate from their ways for all cases? what is the point of punishment if nobody is concerned about the rehabilitaion of the individuals?  OK. But isn't there an idea that sin cuts the individual off from God, and this is meant to happen on the Cross? By this understanding it already happened. thats right. by jesus dying in the sins of the world, he was cut off from god and sent to hell when he died. there he completed the mission of eliminating sin once and for all, and being innocent was given (as a gift to himself, you could say) eternal life  Because it doesn't mean Jesus has the sin. No-one does. if YOU are forgiven, then YOU dont have the sin on you. the sin is now upon the bearer it was tranferred onto. the new bearer of the sin has to die for that sin to be eliminated, but at the point of transferal you are sin-fre  But Jesus doesn't ask the woman to acknowledge him or even the act. He simply tells her her sins are forgiven and to go forth and sin no more. exactly, and what did she do? accept the forgiveness and goes and sins no more
How do we know?  What was it? Have you even read the verse? It says He wrote it in the sand.
so were basing opinions on a message written...in sand? or the Bible....You cant haev a discussion about Jesus without mentions and using the BIble.
OK. In this case, I don't see the point in your earlier distinction between practical and religious control. did i make a distinction? my argument from the beginning is that not only jesus endorses the death penalty, he invented it and established it as the only way to cleanse the society of sin/crime  Sorry, I don't understand how this addresses the point about justice being individual specific. We can't 'pass on' guilt. guilt is not a solid or permanent state. its not a case of "once guilty, always tarnished". this is why i mentioned rehabilitation. once the person that did the crime/sin has gone through his punishment/penance he should no longer be still viewed as "guilty", because he has already went through the rehabilitative process. its what redemption is supposed to be. its like owing a creditor money. after you pay it off you are no longer still viewed as a debtor  in this way, guilt, like a debt, can be "passed on". if i decide to pay your debt for you, you are immediately forgiven of the debt, but the debt still exists until i actually pay it off. thats the way it works. and i dont see anything unjust about it  But surely he was cut off from God from the moment he forgave the prostitute. correct. and being cut off from god, he died in sin and went to hell. but you also have to remember that he was god himself, and being god he was still innocent and perfect, as well as all powerful. not only that, when he died for the sins he was bearing, he immediately redeemed himself by paying the penalty for bearing sins. since his death automatically eliminated the sins, and he ressurected, he was once again sinless and fully reconcilled to god  But why can't there be a simple forgiveness without punishing some poor innocent sheep and/or God almighty in human form? Why is God incapable of wiping the slate clean? that is a question i cant answer. its just the wa god designed it  bear in mind, throughout this discussion, we are talking about a spiritual solution to a spiritual problem. sin isnt a social issue as much as it is a spiritual issue. so the only way to handle sin is through a spiritul process, mainly by faith-based thoughts, words and deeds.  So we hope. I don't think it says.  but the point is, she isn't asked if she accepts forgiveness, or told that she should acknowledge Christ is bearing her sins. It's certainly not clear from what he says. well, like you pointed out, it doesnt say. the story ends with the woman leaving after hearing what jesus said. you cannot assume that she doesnt accept the forgiveness, because it seems to indicate that she did accept it (or didnt reject it).  back to the debt analogy. if i offer to pay your debt, do you still walk around worrying about how youre going to pay the debt? do you act as if you still owe the money? i dont need to ask you if you acknowledge me forgiving your debt. by being released of the burden of the debt, you would know, and i would know. that would be sufficient, wouldnt it?
There's a difference between being rehabilitated and suffering punishment. is suffering necessary for improving society?   So do you think it would be fair to allow a mother to have the death penalty instead of her murderer son? The monetary analogy is simply not valid here. who would it be unfair to? the mother? the son? the victim? the victim's family? society?  If death eliminates sins, why couldn't the whole world's sins be put on a goat? well, for one, there's no goat that belongs to everyone in the world. the goat being sacrificed had to belong to the person, and had to be the best goat of the bunch. for two, jesus would be the only sacrifice that would cover the whole world, since he was the son of god.  It hardly seems a compassionate solution. And it doesn't have anything to do with the fact sin is spiritual: from man's point of view he is equally forgiven either way, and told to love either way. Only difference is Jesus suffers for nothing. well, from a man's point of view he dint do anything wrong in the first place, so forgiveness and sins are non-entities  The point is that Jesus tells her (and others) 'your sins are forgiven', without the idea that they are involved ever coming into it. He simply wipes the slate clean without querying them at all.  In that case why does God now require a confession of faith, and of sin? Why does he not simply relieve us of our sins? because by being face to face with jesus he can tell you in person that you are forgiven. i suppose at that point you could still accept or refuse it. forgiveness is a gift that is always free. you dont have to earn it. its already available. confessing your sins or believing in the resurrection of jesus is not a task you must accomplish to be forgiven. its just as simple as believing
No it doesn't. It says:  John 8:1-11 But Jesus went to the Mount of Olives. Now very early in the morning, he came again into the temple, and all the people came to him. He sat down, and taught them. The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman taken in adultery. Having set her in the midst, they told him, "Teacher, we found this woman in adultery, in the very act. Now in our law, Moses commanded us to stone such. What then do you say about her?" They said this testing him, that they might have something to accuse him of. But Jesus stooped down, and wrote on the ground with his finger. But when they continued asking him, he looked up and said to them, "He who is without sin among you, let him throw the first stone at her." Again he stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground. They, when they heard it, being convicted by their conscience, went out one by one, beginning from the oldest, even to the last. Jesus was left alone with the woman where she was, in the middle. Jesus, standing up, saw her and said, "Woman, where are your accusers? Did no one condemn you?" She said, "No one, Lord." Jesus said, "Neither do I condemn you. Go your way. From now on, sin no more." sorry he wrote it in the GROUND not sand, my mistake.
wow i totally missed that one. However in Leviticus 20:10 it talks about adultery a two person sin, Jesus did not kill the woman becuase since there was no man that was known to be invovled with the act he could not kill her. IF he would have put her to death he would have had to put the man to death also.
Yes but you are only partially guilty because there was only one woman there was no man yet, and adultery is a two part sin. Laws were different back then. And if the woman was put to death Jesus would still have forgave her, forgivness is there in both situations
Justice. Although in practice it would be counter-productive and in a sense be unfair to all those you just listed (except possibly the victim, he's dead anyway) so how is a mother volunteering deathrow for the murder her son committed unjust?  So this substance 'sin' can only be passed into goats of a certain kind, although that kind is relative to other goats owned by the same person? And for some reason Jesus can have everyones? not just goats, but any of a number of listed animals that were considered suitable for offering. i did a short search and i found a cool segment about different types of animal sacrifices, and specifically what occassion required what kind  a sacrifice, by definition, requires that you give up something that means a lot to you. in the biblical context it meant the best of your livestock. in the case of jesus, he was the ultimate flawless animal, and the prized possession of god himself, and therefore was the only sacrifice that would apply for all of mankind  You have to bear in mind that the 'scapegoat' bore the sins of a whole town. yes. but the scapegoat was only used for particular sins in a particular occassion. even so, it was recognized by the nation as having all their sins upon that goat, and expelling the goat would take their sins away. with jesus the concept is the same  No, I mean the man himself is told he is forgiven and has his sins lifted. it doesn't effect him whether Jesus suffers. no, because he is forgiven. his sins are borne elsewhere and he is at that point free of the burden of sin. jesus' death is necessary to eliminate the sins themselves. but you are correct: the man was forgiven and free of sin at that point, with or without jesus' death  You believe in a chance to repent after death? no. logically and biblically you cant ask forgiveness after death  And belief in something like the resurrection is a very difficult task for some, and seems rather arbitary. Credulity seems strange grounds for salvation. well, belief in something like sin, or the circumstances surounding the creation of the law of moses, or the temptation of adam and eve, or that heaven and hell awaits you in the afterlife, or a number of other "beliefs" i could mention, are also equally difficult. however, belief in any one makes it easy to believe the rest  salvation is a spiritual solution to a spiritual problem. the concept of sin is totally spiritual, and requires a belief in the supernatural realm. if one does not believe in this spiritual realm, then sin is not an issue, since it doesnt exist, and therefore salvation solves nothing. belief in the spiritual realm creates the problem of sin, and in itself provides the solution  so basically, you can believe in the spiritual realm and the solution to the problem it creates comes in the same package, or you can not believe in the spiritual realm, and nothing therein would matter, including its credulity
They were caught in the act! What makes you think the man hadn't been caught? Surely if that were the only reason Jesus would have asked for him to be brought out? Why bother with the whole "let him who is without sin..." if it was just a case of the man being missing, why not just say that? And conservatives accuse liberals of overinterpreting... No man was accused. The men holding the woman were not the men who commited adultery with her.
Her volunteering isn't. Punishing her for something she didn't do is. The whole point of justice, as opposed to utilitarian ethics or suchlike, is that they reward good and punish evil. Volunteering yourself to save another is good, not evil. And letting someone take your place is evil, not good. by this logic, punishing everyone, regardless of guilt, is a good thing, because youd make sure that all the guilty gets punished. theres still somthing wrong with that system. is the purpose of justice simply to ensure that people who deserve it get punshed? wouldnt a better goal be that people be corrected and do what is right?  OK. But the point is that the system is arbitary. Why not pass all sins into a rock? Why can't God just put them in the Recycle Bin and press DELETE? its not arbitrary. the penalty of sin is death. this is a constant principle. a rock cannot die  But Jesus is not owned by you, nor does he nevessarily mean a lot to you. If anything, Jesus is a suitable sacrifice to expiate God's sins, not man's. but in recieving salvation you claim jesus as your savior and sacrifice, and acknowledge that his death eliminates your sin. not only that, but as we discussed before, the goat that was to be the scapegoat would belong to the high-priest of the nation, and sacrificing that goat would cover the nation's sins. in this way, god's sacrifice, him being high-priest of the world, can cover sins on a global scale  But why this random system? its not random at all. it is all based on the same principles as before. i cant explain why the criteria for different occassions were different types of sacrifice. the point we need to bear in mind is that sin implied death. if the sins of the individual could not be put on the animal sacrifice (and some sins were not transferrable, like murder) then the individual himself was put to death. the death penalty is the ONLY way to eliminate sin  Why is his death 'necessary'? Surely God can do what He wants? surely he can... except that he cannot go back on his word. once god has declared something, it must remain absolutely true. since god originally declared that the penalty for sin is death, since his very first conversation with adam, this cannot change. death remains necessary, and not even god can reverse it  So what about the majority of people, who don't see Jesus 'face to face' in this life? precisely why faith is exercised. you believe that you have transferred your sins upon jesus. you believe that jesus is the sacrificial lamb that bears your sin. you believe you are forgiven. you believe that jesus' death has eliminated your sins. no face-to-face needed, but the effect is exactly the same  However many other difficult beliefs there are, being expected to accept them seems random, and once again, arbitary. well, like i said: either you dont believe in none and this concept (including the death penalty) is non-issue, or you believe and you deal with the issue using the faith-based mechanisms provided  That's like saying that if you don't believe in global warming your house can't be flooded by rising sea levels. not at all. the physical realm works on physical evidence. the spiritual realm requires no evidence excepy faith. it is a formless vaccuous realm that takes shape as the human mind wills it into shape. it wouldnt even exist if it werent for the human mind. thats why believing in something in the spiritual realm makes it so  The spiritual realm and sin don't have to come as a package. Religions without sin exist. well, i suppose... cant think of any off the top though
Was Jesus for the death penalty? I say jesus was for the deaht penalty anddddddd he was guilty.  From this site  Death Penalty in Judaism  Hebrew Words are all G-d ordained, supported by the G-d ordained court system.   The problem of using English translations that rely on an understanding of Jewish culture is apparent. Some people assume the words "put to death" is always rooted in the same Hebrew word with one meaning (and meanings vary based on translations). That is clearly false. It ignores Jewish history, Jewish applied law, Jewish tradition and the recorded views of a society most people do not know.  Context not of just the line, but the paragraph and story, the word or phrase is in, is important. So even using context there is the clear understanding that G-d meant to physically kill, and even makes distinctions between murder, execution and spiritual death. Hebrew tradition and belief, to the extent it is relevant in a Chrisitan society in the US, has always stated that people are partners with G-d in perfecting society, sharing the "tikkun" (reconstruction) of an ordered society along G-d principles. This includes courts, laws and yes executions. The Talmud states: "...those who are kind to cruel will one day be cruel to the kind...". This supports the concern for paroling, escaping or commuting prisoner sentences and its affect on society. Society is brutalized by the maintenance and release of such criminals, not their execution. The Talmud and its hundreds of rules for interpretation, printed in 499 CE, compiled over a period of hundreds of years before due to the fear of dispersion of the Jews, is the basic tool for all Jewish Law education. It is not well known or appreciated outside of Orthodox Jewish circles - but is definitive in such matters.  Tirtzach (tear - tzach): murder (killing an innocent person) * Ex. 20:13: "lo tirtzach" - "Do not murder", part of the 10 commandments   * Used only a few times only in the entire Torah.  * Never used interchangeably with "put to death"  Mahvet (mah - vet): killing (killing a guilty person per court rules and G-d's law)  * Used most often in the Bible associated with court sanctioned punishment  * These sins do not necessarily result in spiritual death, as repentance can mitigate the heavenly decree to eradicate the soul (the ultimate divorce from G-d); after 11 months the soul can enter Eden.   * Num. 15:35: "Ado-shem kel Moshe, mos yu-maht..." means " G-d said to Moses, the man shall be put to death...". "Maht" is a root derivative of "mahvet". Interestingly this line pertains to violating the Sabbath and does not necessarily mean spiritual death.  * Never used interchangeably with Karet.  Karet (kar - et): spiritual, and sometimes physical, killing of guilty person and soul per G-d's law; heavenly eradication of the entire soul (neshamah) that disallows resurrection.   * "Cut from the people" in Hebrew culture means both physical and heavenly removal of the body and soul, from the earth and in heaven (bodies do not reside in heaven)  * Used a few times in association with sins that always require spiritual excision (no resurrection) by G-d in heaven (e.g.. idolatry); assumes no amount of repentance can save the soul; soul is eliminated; no return.  * Num. 15:30" "ti-karet ha-nefesh" - "that person (animal soul) will surely be cut off". The use of the term "nefesh" (animal soul) instead of the higher order soul (neshamah) indicates that which is closest to the physical body and its drives - it means kill the body and the soul will be cut off in heaven as well.  * Ex. 12:15: "...ah-kel cho-metz ve-ni-karet- tah ha-nefesh" means "eats unleavened bread that soul (nefesh, not nashamah) shall be cut off". This states that the soul will be cut off in heaven (i.e., no resurrection) and may imply an early death or a normal death in old age with no children born to the person, but no death via the court.  However a book translates these 3 words, the meaning is not to be altered as G-d rendered the Bible in the holy tongue of Hebrew using 3 different words with 3 different meanings, with nuances English lacks or interpreters err when trying to make comprehensible. The lesson here is that a written book, without an Oral Tradition is easily misunderstood and misapplied.  The use of Hebrew scripture in Christainity creates all kinds of difficulties. To supercessionist Chrisitians the NT replaces the Torah (OT). To egalitarian Christians, the Torah and the NT reside side by side, both valid for either people, or both peoples. Christianity, therefore, may decide to believe that capitol punishment is not what G-d wants of Gentiles, but cannot authoritatively say G-d meant that in the Torah for Jews. Logically, some can say at most that the New Testament changed what G-d meant for Christians only (since the NT does not apply to Jews - see references to G-d saying the Torah is the eternal law for the Jews, G-d does not lie or lack foresight), leaving intact the law and commandment by G-d to kill for application by the Jews. Also, in Deut. 13:1, G-d says, "The entire word that I command you, that you shall observe to do; you shall not add to it and you shall not subtract from it". Since the Torah is eternal, this clause precludes the NT from overriding the Torah   I think that makes it pretty clear. Jesus was a Jew, and the Jews believed in the death penalty. I believe you had to have 2 witnesses to the crime in order for the death penalty.   I like that story about Jesus and the woman who was to be stoned too. The men were accusing her of adultery, which could have meant that she was either accused of having slept with another woman's husband, or that she had been sexually active with a partner outside of marriage. In those days, they did not stone prostitutes. They did stone adulterers. When Jesus said that whoever was without sin should cast the first stone, that made quite a statement. The biggest statement was to follow, however. "Go and sin no more."   So, was Jesus in favor of the death penalty? I don't know. He seemed willing enough to lay down his life so that nobody else would have to die. In doing that, it sounds to me as if He did believe in the death penalty. He had to, or he wouldn't have felt it was necessary to die in our place.
That's why I said REWARD GOOD as well as punish evil. Plus, there is a sense in which punishment can be relative. I think the idea of justice is a battle against the contingency of life: we don't want people to be able to benefit from evil, or suffer from doing good. A system to correct people and reform them would be utilitarian: the aim is to maximise happiness, not to be just. If justice was about reform, no-one would have to be punished as God could reform and then wipe the slate clean.  It's an arbitary principle. And at any given time someone has sinned but not died, which implies the punishment doesn't have to be served instantly. By putting it in a rock we can put it off indefinitely. it seems as though your concept of ideal justice necessitates punishment immediately. if this is the case, then justice isnt all that ideal. what about repentance? wouldnt it be better to have a system where more emphasis is put on corretion than execution?  But why?  i'll try to explain. god's nature is that of holiness. therefore god is intolerant of sin. thats basically it...  Then God shouldn't have declared that in the first place - it's obviously just going to cause trouble. In any case, he didn't say that the penalty for sin is death, he said the penalty for one particular action which Adam couldn't even know was wrong, being unaware of good and evil, was death. Different kettle of fish. dont you see that god created a system in which the death penalty can remain in force without the individual himself having to die? because jesus already died under the death penalty principle, people who are guilty of sin today have the option of accepting jesus' death on their behalf, and therefore effectively removing their sins as though the penalty was paid. in this way, god was right to declare the death penalty for sin, and does not go back on his word, while man can take advantage of the death penalty principle to have their sins forgiven with the shedding of more blood. i dont see how you think this is a bad thing  But you said earlier that we had a chance to know Jesus face to face and thus confess, and it wasn't just guessing the right religion. i did? i said tat people who were around to talk to jesus face to face could at that point lay their sins upon him, as they would a scapegoat or sacrificial lamb, and be forgiven before he died.   Ah. You should have told me you were working on Pratchettian metaphysics. That makes everything make a lot more sense. i looked up the term, which refers to some books that pratchet wrote. i suppose you are referring to the idea that the human mind can shape the fabric of the spiritual realm, but i couldnt see the relationship from the book reports i got when i googled the term. any more in-depth links?  the idea of the mind being able to manifest itself into "spiritual reality" is a very old and common idea. there is a document called "the science of geting rich" that is based completely upon the concept. quite a number of motivational programs also promote this idea in some form or another.  basically, the spiritual realm is nothing more than a plane that your mind can conjure and visit. the more you believe in the reality of this plane, the more impact it has on your physical life. each person can individually create his personal spiritual realm and allow it to manifest into his physical life based on how convinced he is that his plane is real. perhaps this is a bit off topic...
That is not exactly true. There is written law going 2500+ years back and death penalty was not the most common punishment used. It was used only for specific crimes, while the most common practice was eye for an eye doctrine. At least until the time of the Roman Empire and their law. Lol, read your Bible more carefully next time. I don't know it in detail but well enough that I know your words are full of BS. The death penalty was a form of punishment when laws were written, its a fact.
That is not exactly true. There is written law going 2500+ years back and death penalty was not the most common punishment used. It was used only for specific crimes, while the most common practice was eye for an eye doctrine. At least until the time of the Roman Empire and their law. Lol, read your Bible more carefully next time. I don't know it in detail but well enough that I know your words are full of BS. ummm... the death penalty has always been around. i never claimed that death was the penalty for every crime, nor that it was the most common punishment. try to catch up
It would. But that wouldn't be justice, it would be utilitarianism. i suppose so. are you saying that utilitarianism is unjust?  You'd think He'd be above inolerance nope. it would be pointless for god, or anybody for that matter, to tolerate everything. because god has standards and adheres to principles, its necessary that some things arent tolerated  Because he could not have declared it at all, and saved Jesus the agony. well he did, and the agony wasnt beyond what jesus was cut out for  I thought you said that all people had this chance. I may well be wrong. since everbody born in the last 1,970 years or so were born after jesus died, they would not have a chance to talk to jesus face to face before he died. and the other people in the world that lived before jesus' time or far away from jerusalem would not have a chance to talk to jesus face to face before he died. however, people who were around to talk to jesus face to face could at that point lay their sins upon him, as they would a scapegoat or sacrificial lamb, and be forgiven before he died  In 'Small Gods' and elsewhere, there's the idea that gods exist in a sort of potential form, and only gain power and existence by people believing in them. well thats the idea.  You seem to be mistaking visualisation for the subject of spiritual discussion ummm... how is it different?   This assumes that there isn't a more fundamental spritual realm. not necessarily. the spiritual realm, by its very nature, may well be contigent on the aspirations and visualizations in people's indiviual minds. its a domain of the intangible, in which anything, including the impossible and illogical, can exist  this is a bit off tangent, but have you ever dreamed of something and woke up remembering the entire dream in full detail? you'd step into your work building and end up on a plane heading to the beach. or the street to the corner store has a shortcut that takes you to a party that your teenage crush is at. or a little guy in a yellow outfit tells you that your dog is in jail. the thing is, your in-dream self doesnt have the slightest feeling that something is strange about the circumstances. its all perfectly normal, and nothing shocks you. you just go along with the story as it unfolds. its all in your own mind and of your own creation, yet its totally unpredictable and you have no idea what your conjured characters are going to do next. anything that happens is believable. you suddenly have the ability to jump 20 feet in the air or perform a perfect roundhouse kick to the jaw of your assailant. you can fly a helicopter or understand aramic. its clearly a supernatural realm, yet it only exists in that dream. thats the way i see it
I'm saying it isn't concerned with justice  Utilitarianism = maximising happiness Justice = distributing happiness based on merit  In practise the two often go together, but there's no theoretical connection, which is one of the main criticisms of utilitarianism. Mill discusses it at some length in his book 'Utilitarianism'. and that's god's goal. in a way it is both justice and utilarianism. if you believe in the sacrifice of jesus and repent, you have "earned" your happiness  But we only have to not tolerate things to change them. God can change them anyway. im not sure i understand. god doesnt need to change the things he doesnt tolerate. people behave a certain way, and its up to them to change their behavior to fall in line with what standards god accepts  But it's unneeded. I'm against unneccesary cruelty, even to yourself. And it's not like it didn't cause collateral damage in terms of guilt, stigmata, and the persecution of Jews. its a demonstration of adhering to the same principle, so it was necessary. god cannot be a god of principle if he has no principles to adhere to. as for the persecution of jews, etc, that was caused by man's misunderstanding. there is no thing that can make everybody happy. not even unlimited happiness  Same difference between imagining an orange and seeing one. yes. and imagining an orange immediately causes it to exist in the imagined realm. thats what i'm saying. seeing an orange can only occur if the orange already physically exists. by imagining an orange you manifest it in the 'spiritual' realm  Even square circles? What do you mean by 'exist'? if you can imagine a round square with 3 sides, then it would exist in that realm. of course, what you can conjure into existence is limited to what you can imagine.  The fact that this exists does not preclude a more substantial realm. But yes, I have. The even more interesting thing is when you realise you're dreaming but still are bound slightly by the assumptions of the dream. it doesnt. but it provides no evidence for the substantial spiritual realm either. we know that realms can be conjured in our minds, though seemingly controlled beyond our consciousness. and we know we can only experience this on an individual basis (2 people cant "share" a dream realm, like in the movie "the cell" with jennifer lopez).
What do you mean 'that's God's goal'? Justice or Utilitarianism both. you "earn" your right to be happy by accepting the sacrifice of jesus. the "penalty" for wrong doing is humility and repentance. it may not be punishment to you, but in a way it is. so its justice  But an all-good God wouldn't be intolerance of course he would. he'd be intolerant to bad  But he should have instituted forgiveness from the first. That's my point. it is a good point and i agree. i dont think jesus' death was unnecessary, nor was the principle of the death penalty. i do think that there was too big a gap between adam's sin and jesus coming to fix the problem. all the people inbetween that had no forgiveness option got a raw deal  But you're assuming there can be no experience of God at the level of a direct impression, that it has to be a (necessarily compound) idea. i believe thats exactly what god is: a shared idea. it explains a lot  But logical impossibility is things we cannot conceive of. And I think you mean conceive, not imagine. i suppose i use the words interchangeably, but i guess we can agree on that.   We don't know for certain that people can't share dreams. But my point is that there is a possibility that shouldn't be ignored. it seems more of an impossibility than not.even if i know you well and you end up in a dream of mine, you yourself would not be experiencing that same dream in real time from your point of view. there is no evidence of people intentionally visiting another in a dream, though claims have been made. the evidence suggest that its impossible to share a dream realm like that
Did any of you guys read the recent decision that came down yesterday?  Brown vs Sanders  It was another 5 to 4 with Scalia giving the opinion....Thomas, O'Connor, Roberts, and Kennedy joined the opinion.
It deals with the death penalty...really the court is one vote away from getting rid of it because some liberal judges don't like it.
If a man sneaks into a house in the dead of night with a gun, the owner of the house has every right to protect himself, even if that means killing the trespasser if the owner feels his life is threatened. Why is it then that this right to kill our aggressors in self defense should end with our lives? To me, it only seems logical that if we have the right to defend ourselves and our families from a violent criminal before they kill us, then the government most certainly has a duty to defend our families and the people in a community by killing this man after my death. If anything, the man has not only committed a much more dire crime now, but has also become a much more dangerous villain by committing murder. The death penalty is the only just punishment for their actions. When a person commits a crime, the Judicial system is responsible for determining a proportional response or penalty for the crime. By not giving the death penalty to a slaughtering murderer, we are telling the world that the life of this murderer is worth more than that of his victim. No amount of jail time can ever make up for life lost when a nine year old girl such as Jessica Lunsford is raped and murdered by being buried alive. The only true justice in a case such as this is to have the criminal lay down what is left of his tainted life in hopes that he can begin to repay his crime against humanity. Some may say that we must find mercy in our hearts to forgive these transgressors of the law, but as Dr. Don Boys, a former editorialist for USA TODAY, said, ""Mercy you get from God; from the courts you expect justice."  The arguments that those against the death penalty have derived are now on the verge of becoming absurd. In the most recent protest against the death penalty, Snoop Dog pledged that "Tooky is our Martin Luther King." He was referencing a man who was put to death for slaughtering four innocent people, and when asked why he killed one white man, he responded "Because he was white and I was killing all white people." Is that a man who reminds you of Martin Luther King?   Some have claimed that the death penalty is culturally biased towards black people. However, anyone who takes the time to look over statistics publicly provided by the US Department of Justice will find that of 59 inmates executed last year, 36 were white and 19 were black, and of the total inmates on death row, 1,851 are white while only 1,390 were black.   Others have said that the death penalty is biblically wrong. However I challenge you to read two passages from Exodus. One says "You shall not murder. (Exodus 20:13)" and the other says "Anyone who strikes a man and kills him shall surely be put to death." (Exodus 21:12). You can quote the Bible back and forth all day, but there is no defining argument for or against the death penalty, so ultimately it should not be consulted.   There are also people who will tell you that the death penalty actually kills innocent people. However, since the death penalty was reinstated in 1973 122 inmates have been exonerated from death row, but never has anyone come even close to proving that an innocent man was killed. Considering that the average inmate serves 11years and 2 months in jail before being executed, this tells me that the government is doing their job in researching each case before the person is executed and are actually catching their own mistakes.   Another myth is that the death penalty is handed out like candy. In the middle of 2004, there were 713,990 inmates in prison. Of that number only 3,315 were on death row, and only 59 inmates were executed. That means only .4% of all inmates in the judicial system are given the death penalty. That means the amount actually put to death is less than .008%. The death penalty is ultimately a rare and carefully chosen sentence reserved for only the worst crimes.   The final argument against the death penalty is that it is inhumane. Now think about the following: A women returning to her home is abducted by three men, beaten, gang-raped, shot in the head, and then forced under water repeatedly until she drowns. A woman in a prison ministry program helps get a man out on parole, and then he rapes her, sodomizes her, and strangles her with a cord. A baby is killed by severing her arms from her body. The inmate on the other hand merely dies in his sleep. Which one seems inhumane to you? As Alphonse Karr, a 19th century journalist for Le Figaro, once said, "If we are to abolish the death penalty, I should like to see the first step taken by my friends the murderers."
I am not American, and in my country the death penalty is banned, but I know that the United States is a country with pretty strong traditions with respect to this issue. But I want to know: how can you justify the death penalty? I mean, there must be a very reasonable explanation, I just don't see it.  I find it rather odd that many of the countries that ban the death penalty allow abortion as if killing a killer is worse than killing an innocent life. Nevertheless, you pay for the crime you commit so death it is.    Would you agree if the death penalty was banned? No, I wouldn't agree. I wouldn't mind seeing it tone downed a bit though.
I am not American, and in my country the death penalty is banned, but I know that the United States is a country with pretty strong traditions with respect to this issue. But I want to know: how can you justify the death penalty? I mean, there must be a very reasonable explanation, I just don't see it.  The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else. In prison, the criminal could a) kill another inmate, 2) kill a guard, 3) escape and kill a civilian, 4) have their sentence commuted and get out to commit another crime.   Would you agree if the death penalty was banned?  No, for the reasons stated above and one more. Some people don't deserve to live....like SH, for example.
Or someone who was wrongfully accused doesn't get a chance to get out. (Like the Rosembaums in the 50's for one example.)  You don't mean Ethel and Julius Rosenberg, do you? The Russian spies? Nah, you said wrongfully accused.....
Well, it also deprives that person of rethinking their life, and maybe become a missionary for children in Afirca or something. You cannot judge a man's life on what he has done, you can judge him about those acts, but not his entire life.  The death penalty is a contradictory measure. On one side, we say we want to protect the value of human life by putting murderers in jail, but on the other, we show utter contempt for that same value. How can you say you are protecting the life of your citizens (because you value it), while at the same time you end someone else's life. This is absurd.  What I would call "absurd" is the thought, for example, that a serial killer who has committed dozens of murders over an extended period of time can be rehabilitated. emoticon_wow    The decision on who deserves to live is not one that can be made with justice by any court on earth. Human life is a value so absolute that to play with it and destroy it is to deny the very foundations of any society: peace and respect fo the human perosn.  If human life is an absolute value than how can you allow serial killers to remain a threat to others by NOT executing them?emoticon_confused
The decision on who deserves to live is not one that can be made with justice by any court on earth. Human life is a value so absolute that to play with it and destroy it is to deny the very foundations of any society: peace and respect fo the human perosn. Are you against abortion?
Yes, I mean the couple who was wrongly accused of being Russian spies in the 50's and then exicuted. This was stupid for at least two reasons. One, they weren't spies. Back about 5 years ago, they had a family member come out and say that they testified wrongly against them. Second, the whole idea of the Russian threat was some paronoid fantasy by this one guy named McCarthy who was an idiot and a big fraidy cat. Because of his loonicy, too many people lost jobs wrongfully (and lives) and made an entire nation of scared citizens even more frightened.  Besides, the Russians were never really a threat to us in the first place. They were more of a threat to themselves.  Might I suggest that you read up on a little Cold War history. Don't forget to include the parts about the USSR developing nuclear capability in record time. emoticon_wow  If you think that the USSR wasn't a threat, explain Khrushchev's actions at the UN where he pounded his show on the table and proclaimed " We will bury you!"
I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country.  You aren't suggesting that the use of the A-bomb was wrong are you?
There were not many fun alternatives to dropping the A-bomb.   As for the Russians...They played themselves to be more of a threat than they were..but they were still a threat at the time.
I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country. Our use of nuclear bombs brought about the end of a war.  The Soviets did quite a bit of testing. Do you think they would have used them in a war?  http://nuclearweaponarchive.org/Russia/Sovtestsum.html  ...maybe so, maybe not...and don't forget.......they still have them.
I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country.  You're kidding, right? Nobody could possibly be THAT naive. Do you think Japan ever killed any innocents? Or that Russia never killed any innocents? Ever read the Rape of Nangjing or read about the millions that Stalin killed in his own country? Besides Pearl Harbor, do you know where else Japan bombed on Dec. 7, 1941? The city of Hong Kong. Think any innocents lived there? Or how about the Phillipines? Feeling sorry for Japan in WWII is like feeling sorry for Jeffrey Dahlmer. emoticon_rolleyes  As for Russia, if you think that they wouldn't have used an A-bomb on Germany if they had the capability, then you've passed naive and are bordering on insane. :) Germany killed over 20 million Russians during WWII. No doubt they'd have used anything available to stop the Third Reich.
Yup, I am. :)  Well, atleast you are consistent.
Any time there is any loss of innocent life it is evil. This is why I said what I said in the first place about why I'm against the death penalty. There is a chance that the person was wrongfully accused. But don't be too upset, there was a time when I believed the judical system to always be correct. Infact, it wasn't until fall of '04 that I found that O.J. Simpson actually did kill his wife. See before that, I was like, "but the jury found him not guilty, he's not a bad guy." A jury is usually made up of 12 angry humans who are perfectly capable of making mistakes. Sometimes, the loss of innocents is an inevitibility, like when an occupied city is being liberated. It's unrealistic to think that no innocents will ever die.  By the way, can you tell me why you think that every one from Japan was for war in WWII? That would be like saying that all Americans were for war with Iraq, or maybe even the Viet Nam War. I guess we couldn't be the "bigger men" or the "better men" by spairing the lives of the innocent. But the killing of innocent lives is a crime of almost every nation and by the way, this has gone to the point of needing another thread. Do you know anything about WWII Japanese culture? The code of Bushido? The US and the West, in general, have no such code. Surrender was the most dishororable crime that you could commit. It disgraced you and your family. As for the civilians, they also followed the code of Bushido and believed that the Emperor was god. They must do everything they could to protect their god. Prior to the A-bombs, Japanese citizens began preparing for a massive Allied invasion. They ALL would have gladly forfeitted their lives for the emperor. It was part of the code to do so.
Does that go for the thousands of schoolkids we incinerated that day? Yes.  6/9/1945 Japanese Premier Kantaro Suzuki declares that Japan will fight to the last rather than accept unconditional surrender.   ....and they meant it. emoticon_wow
Yes.  6/9/1945 Japanese Premier Kantaro Suzuki declares that Japan will fight to the last rather than accept unconditional surrender.   ....and they meant it. emoticon_wow Apparently not...they did surrender. emoticon_wow   I agree whole-heartedly with dropping the bombs. In fact, I probably would have started with Tokyo. Obviously, Japan was not going to surrender simply if we asked them nicely. We had destroyed enmass their shipping and Naval forces, moved from island to island smoking them from caves and slaughtering them by the thousands, blown their aircraft from the sky in in an almost 15:1 ratio to our own losses, yet they continued to fight, and fight well. The Japanese empire was strongly backed by the population of Japan, and there were few families without members serving in the military in some capacity. Of those left behind, many were turning the crank on the military manufacturing machine...just like here in America. While tragic that we killed so many civilians, women, and children, the end result was probable saving of many lives, both American and Japanese. Had we invaded Japan, which was probably the only other option had not been for the bomb, we would have probably killed more civilians, while decimating both militaries. We did what needed be done.
Apparently not...they did surrender. emoticon_wow   We changed our demands from "unconditional surrender" to "conditional surrender". That made a big difference (along with the fact that we were able to create Hell in about a milisecond. emoticon_wow
It's utterly fascinating to hear you say this.  You allow for men and their wars killing innocents if and when needed, but see no place in the life circumstances of women.  Very telling. Not really surprising though.  That's your take on it, not mine. Abortion is a willful choice to kill one's offspring. Looking a civilian in the eye and willfully shooting them would be equally apalling to me. Also, I have no problem with a woman chosing an abortion if having the baby puts her life at risk.....but you already knew that. :)
The death penalty should not only be legal, but used MUCH more often... (IE: Death penalty for rape and torture, and after a few 'strikes' for violent crime such as burglary)  Nope. There really isn't.  Why should productive members of society PAY for non productive members of society? Long prison time only costs us money and is a huge waste... I suppose we can do a involuntary servitude thing for first time offenders or something if you have a real problem with killing them though...  Or someone who was wrongfully accused doesn't get a chance to get out. (Like the Rosembaums in the 50's for one example.)  That is what the appellate system is for. They shouldn't be in the temporary holding cells any longer than the system takes... And it should be vastly sped up (I'm thinking under a year)  [q]Well, it also deprives that person of rethinking their life, and maybe become a missionary for children in Afirca or something. You cannot judge a man's life on what he has done, you can judge him about those acts, but not his entire life.[/q]  After harming productive members of society they should not get this choice. They have already made the mistake of harming someone else.  The death penalty is a contradictory measure. On one side, we say we want to protect the value of human life by putting murderers in jail, but on the other, we show utter contempt for that same value. How can you say you are protecting the life of your citizens (because you value it), while at the same time you end someone else's life. This is absurd.  Citizens lives are far more important than the lives of criminals.  I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country.  So? That doesn't mean the USSR wasn't a threat to us... Just because we did it doesn't mean they are excused... Isn't that argument fallacious?   My main compairison was that the Russians never bombed anyone outside of testing with in their own borders. (Still probibly not a good idea though.) No body wanted a nuclear war. Both sides were ready for a nuclear war but both sides were also affraid of the other side. Most of the "fighting" done during the Cold War was just Big Talk between the sides. But no side really wanted a war. There was more fighting in Korea than between the US and Russia.  There was a massive threat of nuclear or casual warfare...   Well, because the value of that life doesn't depend on what the perosn does, it is independent from that. I want to protect human life, that's why murderers go to jail, but I can't kill a person as penalty because I deny that very desire to protect life.  I don't understand how people can put the life of the murder above that of the victim (or even in line with it... Their life is FAR less valuable. They hurt our society and its people. They have no right to live)  There is a chance that the person was wrongfully accused.  That's hopelessly optimistic. We shouldn't spare all criminals because a few might be innocent.
Well, it also deprives that person of rethinking their life, and maybe become a missionary for children in Afirca or something. You cannot judge a man's life on what he has done, you can judge him about those acts, but not his entire life.  The death penalty is a contradictory measure. On one side, we say we want to protect the value of human life by putting murderers in jail, but on the other, we show utter contempt for that same value. How can you say you are protecting the life of your citizens (because you value it), while at the same time you end someone else's life. This is absurd.    The decision on who deserves to live is not one that can be made with justice by any court on earth. Human life is a value so absolute that to play with it and destroy it is to deny the very foundations of any society: peace and respect fo the human perosn.  Hmmmm, funny you say that. After all, isn't a murderer making a decision on "who deserves to live"? Therefore, by your own admission, murderers are "denying the very foundations of any society." What do you suggest we do with people who have proven they are not able to live with the rest of society without bringing harm upon others? Also, if you are saying that putting a convicted killer to death is the moral equivalent of murder, then I suggest you seek professional help as soon as possible. That is like saying rape is the moral equivalent of making love because both activities involve sexual intercourse. This idea was quoted somewhere else on this forum.
That is something you simply do not know, and it is a general principle of crimminal law that you cannot judge a person on a mere suppositon or a possibility.    Well, because the value of that life doesn't depend on what the perosn does, it is independent from that.   You are saying we don't know if criminals can be rehabilitated, but how can we know they CAN be? Either way, it is a supposition or possibility. I would rather not take the chance that they will kill again.  The value of life doesn't depend on what the person does? So, in your opinon, a person who rapes little kids is just as valuable a member of society as somebody who feeds hungry people in a soup kitchen? Yeah, that makes total sense (sarcasm).
Dead people don't kill again
 It actually saves us money. The death penalty (because of appeals) costs more than solitary confinement for life, both of which would ensure that the person would never kill again. Also I have the same question for drug users, gamblers, etc. Why make society pay to imprison them when all they are doing is hurt themselves?   Actually, the idea that the death penalty costs more than lifetime imprisonment has been disproved many times. The lowest estimate of the yearly cost for imprisoning somebody is around $22,000. The average amount of time a prisoner spends imprisoned after getting a life sentence is 60 years. Take into account the cost of building jails in order to house all these prisoners and you up the amount even more. After the average of 60 years for a life sentence, tax payers have spent $1,320,000 on ONE SINGLE PERSON. Imagine what this money could do in the education system? You said yourself, the only thing that may push the cost of the death penalty over life imprisonment is the ridiculous amount of appeals that are given. If only one appeal was given before the sentence was final, it would be far cheaper to exectue somebody than imprison them for life. How many times does a person need to prove their innocence? If they can't do it in the initial trial and after one appeal, sorry, game over...you lose. You can read more at this site: http://www.cwrl.utexas.edu/~tonya/spring/cap/pro5.htm  I say if they try to kill/escape from life w/o parole in prison that's all we should need for the death penalty.  Okay, let me get this straight...a person murders somebody, gets arrested, tried, convicted and sent to prison with a life sentence and no possibility of parole. That murder isn't good enough to give them the death penalty? Only if they try to murder somebody after they are in prison do they deserve the death penalty? What logical reason could you possibly have for this argument? You do realize that if they do murder somebody while they are in prison, it will most likely be another prisoner, since the guards are armed? So you think the murder of a normal law abiding citizen deserves LESS of a punishment than the murder of a prisoner in prison? And you also think they deserve the death penalty for simply trying to escape? What if they don't kill anyone in their escape attempt? Do they still deserve the death penalty? So you are for the death penalty if a prisoner kills or attempts escape, but the normal run-of-the-mill citizen murder should only get life imprisonment? I think you need to seriously rethink your arguments.
 You should also note that the one scenario I think the death penalty is acceptable for is if they try to escape using violence or if they attack another prisoner. This has shown that they are willing to commit acts of violence and frankly have nothing to lose.  So the initial murder wasn't enough to show "that they are willing to commit acts of violence"? This makes absolutely no sense.
It will likely be another prisoner but not because the guards are armed. They generally aren't.  Generally, the guards are equipped with mace, pepper spray, and/or nightsticks. This is also law enforcement grade pepper spray which is a bit more potent than what is available to the civilian population.  Do you think death a greater punishment than life imprisonment? I don't.  Dead people can't suffer either. Why end their suffering if it serves to deter other would-be criminals?  There is no way of proving the level of deterrent that any given action is worth. Would-be criminals don't alert law enforcement that they were thinking of killing somebody, but then changed their mind based on the consequences they could face. So there is no accurate way of measuring the level of deterrent life imprisonment would cause as opposed to the death penalty. From the view of the overall benefit to society as far as safety and economics, is is a better solution to put violent criminals to death. There have been cases where criminals were sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole and then later released by a liberal judge or politician. Putting them to death assures that this will never happen.
Why don't you cite a few of these cases?  Without doing research, the one I can think of off the top of my head is Willie Horton. He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Michael Dukakis released him on his furlough program. I believe it was the ninth or tenth furlough, Horton never came back to prison. Instead, he violently assaulted and stabbed a man and raped his wife after breaking into their home.
People in solitary confinement don't kill again either. People just in prison almost never kill again. If he/she is a cold-blooded murderer, put them in solitary confinement. If you think you can trust them with other prisoners but with no access to a weapon, just put them in prison. You should also note that the one scenario I think the death penalty is acceptable for is if they try to escape using violence or if they attack another prisoner. This has shown that they are willing to commit acts of violence and frankly have nothing to lose. When that's true and most likely there is a video-tape of it, we also eliminate the problem of false convictions. But other than that I say go the cheaper, reversable route. So if we find out we made a mistake we can still set the person free, and we still acheive the desired results. People in solitary confinement NEVER kill, and the only case I remember of a prisoner killing was when they stole the police officer's gun. And that was when like a 110 lb woman was escorting this big strong black guy. He overpowered her and took the gun. Other than that I doubt anyone kills again when they are actually IN prison.  1. They have escaped and have killed before being re-captured.  2. DNA technology could be required for the death penalty making it far less likely that an innocent is sentenced to death.  3. Death penalty would be less expensive if the appeal process were run more effectively.
Actually, the idea that the death penalty costs more than lifetime imprisonment has been disproved many times. The lowest estimate of the yearly cost for imprisoning somebody is around $22,000. The average amount of time a prisoner spends imprisoned after getting a life sentence is 60 years. Take into account the cost of building jails in order to house all these prisoners and you up the amount even more. LOL! And we'll also take that cost into account for executing criminals, as they typically are executed in the prison. Ergo, it's a moot point...  Including the cost of building jails that will be recycled with different inmates over the years? That's a good one for a chuckle...   After the average of 60 years for a life sentence, tax payers have spent $1,320,000 on ONE SINGLE PERSON. Say WHAAATTTT?????  Man! Talk about FUDGING the numbers. The average life-span in America is 77.6 years. http://www.cnn.com/2005/HEALTH/diet.fitness/03/16/obesity.longevity.ap/  So, that would mean that the "average" for a prisoner means INCARCERATED AT 17???? And that's assuming that the average for a prisoner is the same as the average for all citizens. Which all things considered is absurd.  60 years is the average for a life sentence???? Man! And I thought the "let's include the cost of building the jail" argument was good for a laugh!  I was wondering how they came up with the "more expensive for life imprisonment. ESPECIALLY when they're claiming "more expensive" WITHOUT EVEN GIVING the cost of executing a prisoner in the first place. Oh wait. Here it is... "negligible"...  Oh. I see. We count the cost of BUILDING the prison in for the life sentence people, but ALL the expenses incurred in executing a prisoner are just disregarded as "negligible"???   "Every major cost study has shown capital punishment to be more expensive than an alternative system where life-imprisonment is the maximum sentence." http://www.fguide.org/Bulletin/cappun.htm  If you want to read more about these studies which DON'T assume blatantly false things like "60 year average life sentence", visit the web-site.
The whole arguement about wich one costs more is ridiculous. It costs money to keep someone alive. Ask any parent. Killing? Just give the executioner 50 bucks and its over. Why spend money on the electric chair? Chop their damned head off. It is quick and easy. Don't want all the blood? Chain them up and drop them into a 20 foot water-filled pit. Fish them out later and re-use the chains. See? Using common sense I've found a solution to the expenses. Why can't America be run on common sense? Oh yeah, that's why. America doesn't have it!:xbanghead
The whole arguement about wich one costs more is ridiculous. It costs money to keep someone alive. Ask any parent. Killing? Just give the executioner 50 bucks and its over. Why spend money on the electric chair? Chop their damned head off. It is quick and easy. Don't want all the blood? Chain them up and drop them into a 20 foot water-filled pit. Fish them out later and re-use the chains. See? Using common sense I've found a solution to the expenses. Why can't America be run on common sense? Oh yeah, that's why. America doesn't have it!:xbanghead It's not the actual killing that cost so much. It is the appeals process, the average 15 years every condemned prisoner spends on death row, receiving free state appointed lawyers and defense teams, court costs, cost of guards to watch and transport prisoners, etc etc etc. If you want to cut costs, reform the appeals process.  Your "creative" methods of execution are amusing, but not likely to be adopted by any civilized society.   And I take exception to your last comment. One might say that it would take a total lack of common sense for someone to think that the actual execution was what cost so much money, and to suggest that by lopping off heads or drowning people we could save mass amounts of money...but I would not paint with that broad brush...it would be rude and show a level of ignorance I am not comfortable with. emoticon_wow
"It actually saves us money. The death penalty (because of appeals) costs more than solitary confinement for life, both of which would ensure that the person would never kill again. Also I have the same question for drug users, gamblers, etc. Why make society pay to imprison them when all they are doing is hurt themselves?"  We could work at making it cheaper, and not going with this 'non cruel punishment' thing... (Hangings are cheap and they work), plus the prison sentences are way too long for those that get the death penalty. They should be no longer than it takes to appeal, and the appeals should be quicker (Alot of times there is no real case for appeal, and those appeals should be thrown out) . I agree with you on the drugs/etc... They should all receive full amnesty unless they are violent.   "How? We have freed over 100 people from death row after finding out they were innocent, and although no hard evidence (impossible BTW) has been found, there has been lots of evidence that in a few cases we even killed innocent people. And you want to speed up the system? Give them less time to appeal?"  Technology is improving every day, it is becoming less and less likely for an accident to happen.   "You ever punch someone else? Ever harmed anyone else?"  No, and I haven't robbed anyone, shot anyone, or mugged anyone for my own selfish needs either.  "But life w/o parole at the least and if they are really deemed a danger even in prison why not solitary confinement? Remember that costs less than the death penalty."  Not if the death penalty is handled correctly. Although I'm not sure if that is a correct statistic... Could I see sources? Maybe for the rich murders, but most people aren't...   "Well since criminals (most of the time) are citizens, that's like saying peoples' lives are far more important than the lives of left-handed people."  No... Its not. Left handed people dont hurt productive members of society, criminals do. Comparing left handed people to criminals is naive.   "We shouldn't just kill someone if they commit a crime."  Depends on the crime. If it is as serious as torture or murder... Yes we should. Same goes if they are muggers (and do it alot) and live 'lives of crime'. One time crimes are OK (there will be strict punishments short of death for most crimes) but if you can do no good for society and can only do bad (IE: crime) you should not have the right to life.  "Everyone has a right to life until that right would endanger others."  And violent criminals DO endanger the life of others.   "don't let the fact that most are innocent get in the way."  I dont suppose you have any evidence to back this up, do you? Because thats total XXXX.  "Let's face it, our court system is corrupt. If you can't afford a lawyer, you're not going to get one even close to the level of the prosecution."  You are provided a lawyer... They might not be able to get you out of something if you actually did the crime, but if the state has little/no evidence against you you probably wont be going to jail.  "If they can't do it in the initial trial and after one appeal, sorry, game over...you lose."  QFT  "Dead people can't suffer either. Why end their suffering if it serves to deter other would-be criminals?"  Why do we need to 'get back' at criminals? They should simply be removed from society.
It's not the actual killing that cost so much. It is the appeals process, the average 15 years every condemned prisoner spends on death row, receiving free state appointed lawyers and defense teams, court costs, cost of guards to watch and transport prisoners, etc etc etc. If you want to cut costs, reform the appeals process.  THe appeals process is retarted anyway. If someone is obviously a murderer then execute them. If it is unsure whether they are guilty or not then they probably won't be in jail for murder. If they are in jail but it still isn't sure then leave them in jail.  Your "creative" methods of execution are amusing, but not likely to be adopted by any civilized society.   It all depends on what you consider uncivilized. I consider letting murderers stay alive uncivilized. Many people think the death sentence is wrong but support our troops at the same time because the protect our freedom. They are fighting for our safety by shooting terrorists. What is the difference? The fact that terrorists aren't legal citizens? Terrorists kill. Murderers kill. They are the same. Killing terrorists keeps us more safe. Killing murderers will keep us more safe. Some people think that a bloody death is uncivilized. Then we would be considered an uncivilized country because shooting someone to death is very bloody, and our soldiers do that daily to those who threaten us.  how about hangings? Would those be considered uncivilized? That would mean most of the old kingdoms from the past were uncivilized because hangings were a very popular way of executing criminals.  And I take exception to your last comment. One might say that it would take a total lack of common sense for someone to think that the actual execution was what cost so much money, and to suggest that by lopping off heads or drowning people we could save mass amounts of money...but I would not paint with that broad brush...it would be rude and show a level of ignorance I am not comfortable with. emoticon_wow  Well what I said above solves the whole death row problem. There would be no death row. There would be executions for murderers and jail time for others. No more money would be needed for the 15 year death row trials 'ause they wouldn't exist. I'm not sure what you meant by the broad brush and ignorance part. Please reword it. Are you calling me ignorant for thinking drowning is cheap? As far as I know it would cost anything to throw someone into a lake.   And the line  One might say that it would take a total lack of common sense for someone to think that the actual execution was what cost so much money isn't correct. Common sense is common knowledge or something that can be figured out easily. I have no idea what the costs for the court cases are because I've never studied it. It isn't commonly known knowledge just like the amount of money a manager of Burger King makes isn't commonly known knowledge. All I know is that managers make more than cashiers. I easily found a solution to the cost problem. And then when you pointed out how the execution itself isn't the expensive part I easily figured out a cheap way around the court costs. I still hold true to the belief that America has lost it's common sense. When a man broke his leg while breaking into someone's house and then sued them and won I knew America had lost it.
There is no excuse for the death penalty. Killing to prove someone that Killing is wrong is, well, wrong. Also, it is not morally right, under any circumstance, to kill a human being, unless in you are in immenant danger and are doing it in self defense. What about if you dont want to pay $30,000.00 a year to keep them alive?  If it were me paying for it all lifers would die.
What about if you dont want to pay $30,000.00 a year to keep them alive?  If it were me paying for it all lifers would die.   Ditto emoticon_xkill
Wait just a min here.  You the guy who is debating the "it my nature to be the animal that I am" excuse in the other room!  Omg this is funny.  Is it hard to have this discontinuity in your soul?  Sorry, just kidding.  I guess I would say that, Mother Nature is a bitch man.  You do the crime, I kill you.  Sucks but thats the way things are and I dont mind paying for it.  Whats wrong with that young republican?
Did you know that it costs more to prosecute and keep a capitol offender in jail than to send someone to prison for life?  So, Life in Prison is essencially cheaper.  And even if it WAS more expensive, how much money is a human life worth?Then we kill all of them.  How much money is a human life worth?  $37,000.00  Thats how much the government spends on safty related stuff like trafic lights gaurd rails bla bla bla to keep you alive.  You are worth $37,000.00.
Did you know that it costs more to prosecute and keep a capitol offender in jail than to send someone to prison for life? Then, I say we reduce ythe cost of appeals. emoticon_xgood   So, Life in Prison is essencially cheaper.  Only if you keep erecting more hoops in the way of justice.   And even if it WAS more expensive, how much money is a human life worth?  A serial killer's ? about the cost of a bullet.
Im not a young republican. Dont waste our time explaning to me that you are not a young republican, buckwheat.
Dont waste our time explaning to me that you are not a young republican, buckwheat.  A gun-toting liberal. Isn't that an oxymoron? emoticon_confused
I am pro no gun control and I am liberal whats wrong with that?
I rest my case.   Sheesh, anybody who shows the least bit of common sense now days is accused of being a left-winger.  Au contraire, anybody showing the least bit of common sense is usually a conservative. emoticon_xgood   Lmao, thats chain mail material right there. "Now, that right there is funny" .....Larry the Cable Guy
I do not want the government to take away ANY of our rights.  Not even ones that are bad for us.
The only conservitave i know with common sense is my imaginary friend Alfred.  And im not THAT much of a Left winger, im more of a Liberatarian. But i still do believe in a lot of Liberal Ideas....again proving that liberalism is a mental disorder.emoticon_xhoho
The person who said that the death penalty should be used for people who are convicted of multiple-burglaries sounds like a complete knucklehead. (Since this is my first post on this site I'll stop there :) )  Here is something that is, to my mind, unconstitutional: Life in prison w/out the possibility of parole. You're essentially saying to the convicted, "You are not worth anything, and never will be, to society. You will never again be afforded a place in it. You cannot be rehabilitated. But...we aren't going to kill you. Instead, we're going to do our best to keep you alive, give you medical treatment if you get sick, cap your teeth, provide (minimal) protection from other inmates. Why? Because we want to hold you up as an example of just how freakin' miserable and bereft of all hope we can make someone like you."  Now that is Cruel and Unusual. Better to just off 'em.  I support the death penalty, after all appropriate appeals (and I don't give a damn how much they cost me in taxes; it certainly can't cost more than the 6 Billion Dollars a Month we spend in Iraqistan), for: Child Molestation First-Degree Murder Pre-meditated, violent rape Those are the 3 I think of first. Maybe there're others, but to be honest I'm more concerned with the sheer amount of people in our prison system. But decriminalization's a whole different topic.........  *As a side note, however, that I can't resist: be aware that Halliburton has rec'vd yet another no-bid contract to build "detention-camps" for up to 3 Million individuals. No, not in Iraqistan, here...in the Nifty Fifty.
Hmm...I applaud your sentiment, shooterandproud, but I'm not sure an episode of the West Wing is a the best reference to use to back up your claims. :)  Maybe "progressive" would be a better word than liberal in the context you're using it. Socialists had a lot to do with women getting the right to vote, If I remember correctly. And wasn't Lincoln Republican? (tho I guess that didn't make him conservative per se) Civil rights, too, were fostered by more than just "liberals".  That's not to say that I disagree with what you said, just trying to help with terminology, as the wackiest of conservatives just love to nitpick and try to make you look stupid if you don't phrase something just right. Why do you think they're so ambiguous so often? It's hard to tie a person down when they squirm alot. Think Rush Limbaugh. I know, I know, listening to him talk is like driving nails into your ears, but you hafta listen every now and then so you can get an idea of what average Joe (he has 60 million listeners, he claims) is getting from talk-radio. Rush absolutely drools (you can hear saliva dripping on his mike, I swear) when a "liberal" calls him up and attempts to point out a lie or omission or distortion. He twists every word that comes out of their mouth, gets them (he hopes) angry enough to "insult" him, then can justifiably claim that "liberals have no ideas of their own, all they can do is naysay." It's a neat trick, if you can master it.
The only conservitave i know with common sense is my imaginary friend Alfred.  And im not THAT much of a Left winger, im more of a Liberatarian. But i still do believe in a lot of Liberal Ideas.  If you believe a lot of liberal ideas, you aren't much of a Libertarian, either. :)
Have you watched the debate episode of "The West Wing"? For those who havent, dont be throwing the word liberal at our feet like its trash. Liberals ended slavery, liberals got women the right to vote, liberals gave blacks civil rights. And do you know who opposed all of that? The conservatives. So think before you use the word liberal like its a bad thing.  LOL. Jefferson was a Liberal.......and he'd turn over in his grave at what passes for a liberal today. emoticon_frazzled
Have you watched the debate episode of "The West Wing"? For those who havent, dont be throwing the word liberal at our feet like its trash. Liberals ended slavery, liberals got women the right to vote, liberals gave blacks civil rights. And do you know who opposed all of that? The conservatives. So think before you use the word liberal like its a bad thing.  Liberal and Conservative don't mean anything close to what they mean't when those things happened.   I could say religion did all those things too ya know...mainly the slavery thing.   Interesting that you brought up Lincoln and slavery...you know many people critized him for how he didn't really free the slaves. but that is just a little something I learned from the Lincoln museum one time :)
Yeah, no offense intended shooter. I don't watch much television, as I'm deathly afraid of psychosis via constant bombardment w/advertising. I like "Lost" tho. But.... If one innocent life was killed by the DP, then that means everyone who supports the death penalty deserves death, and thats the paradox of the death penalty. Not true; it simply means that the system has flaws inherent in it. We can and should do everything in our power to minimize them (appeals, the right to confront one's accuser, etc.), but I don't agree to throwing out the baby with the bath water. To take an example: the tax-code contains numerous loopholes that allow unscrupulous folks to take advantage of it and keep money that many argue they should be paying into the system. I support many taxes, for roads, public parks, etc. Does that mean I should do prison time with all the Ken Lays out there?  There are some people that deserve to be permanently removed from human society. That's my opinion, and as such has nothing to do with any god. Since no one can prove that anything other than blind fate brought a person into this world, I don't see why I can't vote to take someone out of it. If there's ever an Amendment proposed, and actively debated in Congress, outlawing the death penalty I'll be there on the Capitol lawn (well, on the street anyway) protesting it, since I firmly believe there are some folks who need to be pulled out of the gene pool for the good of the rest of us.
Liberal and Conservative don't mean anything close to what they mean't when those things happened.   I could say religion did all those things too ya know...mainly the slavery thing.   Interesting that you brought up Lincoln and slavery...you know many people critized him for how he didn't really free the slaves. but that is just a little something I learned from the Lincoln museum one time :)  Lincoln freed the slaves in the South to cause economic chaos and to get blacks to fight for the North. IIRC, slaves weren't freed in new territories.
JPSartre12 wrote: Lincoln freed the slaves in the South to cause economic chaos and to get blacks to fight for the North. IIRC, slaves weren't freed in new territories.  Did he? What evidence, if I may, backs up that assertion? Did he write that in his diary? Or is that the claim of someone else, a contemporary or two perhaps? And could slaves have been freed in territories, legally? Since they were territories, not States in the Union, what law would've been there to enforce such a decree? Or, did you mean to say that he never initiated a law to prevent slavery in the forming of new territories? Not trying to pick a fight, you understand. I'm just looking for clarification on such a bold claim, since it implies that Lincoln did not free them, even in part, because he felt that slavery in and of itself was an evil thing, and that it was high time to do away with it.   _________________________________________________________________  Shooterandproud: If somehow he/she whould be a free man/woman until the day of his/her execution, then I would feel a bit better. Or if they were executed right after their conviction. Sadly, these to things cannot be ever acheived, as they do not work.  I still don't think it's morally right to kill someone when you are in mortal danger, I don't think it has bad reasons. Murdering a human being just to make the victim's family "feel better" is in no way right.  (I'm guessing you meant to say when they aren't in mortal danger, right?) But hey, this is essentially just how the system works: You're tried and either convicted or acquitted. The cool part is that if you're convicted you can appeal; the State can't appeal an acquittal. It's a fact that the appeals process can take quite a long time, depending on what court, too, you were first convicted in. You might have a long way to go to get to the top where the decision would be final (assuming the Supr. Court even agreed to hear your case, and since they only go to work on avg. 9 days a month it ain't likely). Now, if they weren't so busy trying and convicting people for merely possessing or using drugs or shoplifting or writing bad checks or any of the other inane things we clog the court system with, it could be that the process would move along quite a bit quicker. Or maybe not. (completely off topic: we certainly aren't clogging our courts with terrorists. doh! giving away too much info. on my ideology!!!) And I don't know if I believe that the majority of people on death row are there simply to make the victim's families "feel better." I'd assumed it was for the benefit of all of us. Making the families feel good is just a fringe benefit, and one that likely doesn't do all that much anyway.
JPSartre12 wrote:   Did he? What evidence, if I may, backs up that assertion? Did he write that in his diary? Or is that the claim of someone else, a contemporary or two perhaps?  The Emancipation Proclamation was a presidential order on January 1, 1863 declaring the freedom of all slaves in those areas of the Confederate States of America that had not already returned to Union control. It was not a law passed by a Congress but a proclamation issued by President Abraham Lincoln, based on the war powers given to the President by the Constitution. Its immediate impact was only upon slaves that had already escaped to the Union side, but as the Union armies advanced, hundreds or thousands of slaves were liberated each day - until nearly all 4 million were free by summer 1865. (The border states freed their own slaves, except Kentucky, where some slavery existed until December 1865.) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emancipation_Proclamation  And could slaves have been freed in territories, legally? Since they were territories, not States in the Union, what law would've been there to enforce such a decree? Or, did you mean to say that he never initiated a law to prevent slavery in the forming of new territories? Not trying to pick a fight, you understand. I'm just looking for clarification on such a bold claim, since it implies that Lincoln did not free them, even in part, because he felt that slavery in and of itself was an evil thing, and that it was high time to do away with it. [/quote] Lincoln didn't believe that the Federal government had the power to abolish slavery.  Before the American Civil War and even in the war's early stages Lincoln said that the Constitution prohibited the federal government from abolishing slavery where it already existed. His position, and that of his Republican Party was that in the long run the country could not exist half slave and half free. Like most Americans at the time, he believed slavery had to expand to survive. His position and the position of the Republican Party in 1860 was that slavery should not be allowed to expand into any more territories, and thus all future states admitted to the Union would be free states. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abraham_Lincoln_on_slavery 
I'm not sure how the Emancipation Proclamation proves that "Lincoln freed the slaves in the South to cause economic chaos and to get blacks to fight for the North." Lincoln obviously believed the Federal Government had the power to abolish slavery. Or else he did it by accident. Either way, he did just what you're saying he didn't believe in! Whether he'd changed his mind from a previous viewpoint is irrelevant. At least whoever posted that Wiki article had the decency to include this line: I have here stated my purpose according to my view of official duty; and I intend no modification of my oft-expressed personal wish that all men everywhere could be free." That he was obviously confused and conflicted as to what that official duty required I'm not contesting. But I don't think the whole matter can be simplified quite as much as the line above. Add the words, "among other reasons" and I'd give it a go.  ______________________________________________________________  Besides making (some families) feel better, the death penalty removes the offending individual from society for good. No worries, on to the next wacko. If the courts weren't as clogged, and the process not so bloated and expensive, it would accomplish that objective a lot cheaper than jailing a guy for 20 years or so. Like I said, telling someone they're gonna die of old age (if they're lucky) in prison just smacks of cruelty to me. Unfortunately it's not at all unusual in the United States.  Get non-violent offenders out of the hell that is prison, execute the really bad ones, and suddenly you have far less people to feed, clothe, house and keep alive. You would, though, have quite a few uses for that money you saved. Rehabilitation might be a good idea, instead of kicking 'em to the street to sink or swim. America doesn't think like that. America sometimes forgets the part about these men (mostly black) having "paid their debt". Worse, I think America gives the absurd excuse that she is a "land of opportunity", i.e. the cream rises to the top. Who wants to help an ex-con find a job? Why shouldn't they have to earn it, too? There is a very not-so-subtle message, it seems, all through our culture that, to me, defeats it's own purpose: anyone can make it here. What might the effect of that idea, so pervasive, be on poor people? "If you haven't 'made it', it can only be your own fault. After all, in America, all it takes is hard work." Nothing about breeding, nepotism, mistrust, blind ambition, backstabbing, luck, greed, social class, bribery.... Let's face it: working hard does not guarantee you a comfortable life. I have a lot of sympathy for ex-convicts, but I still favor the death penalty. And not just because it offers some small relief to the family of the victim, but also one lest a-hole we all have to worry about. As long as the rules were followed, and all appeals exhausted, I have no problem with it for the crimes I listed. (And I guess I should specify 2nd or 3rd degree child molestation, since I don't think every delusional nutjob who flashes some kid should be executed. But if they touch 'em, they're fair game.)
Lincoln freed the slaves in the South to cause economic chaos and to get blacks to fight for the North. IIRC, slaves weren't freed in new territories.  Uh...wtf?   The Emancipation proclamtion didn't do anything in the South. Do you really think that slave owners just let their slaves go after hearing it? No. Nothing changed from the EP beyond that Lincoln got to add a moral reason for fighting.
Uh...wtf?   The Emancipation proclamtion didn't do anything in the South. Do you really think that slave owners just let their slaves go after hearing it? No. Nothing changed from the EP beyond that Lincoln got to add a moral reason for fighting.   Might I suggest that you try reading a little Civil War history before making any more silly comments? :)  What do you think happened when slaves found out that the Union freed them? As soon as the Union Army got close, they left their plantations and headed to the Yankee lines, that's what happened. Many joined the Union Army and the rest headed North as Freemen. What effect do you think that had on the southern economy? :xbanghead   The Emancipation Proclamation  proclamation issued by Abraham Lincoln on Jan. 1, 1863, during the American Civil War, declaring all "slaves within any State, or designated part of a State. . . then. . . in rebellion,. . . shall be then, thenceforward, and forever free." The states affected were enumerated in the proclamation; specifically exempted were slaves in parts of the South then held by Union armies. Lincoln's issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation marked a radical change in his policy; historians regard it as one of the great state documents of the U.S.  After the outbreak of the Civil War, the slavery issue was made acute by the flight to Union lines of large numbers of slaves who volunteered to fight for their freedom and that of their fellow slaves. In these circumstances, a strict application of established policy would have required return of fugitive slaves to their Confederate masters and would have alienated the staunchest supporters of the Union cause in the North and abroad.  Abolitionists had long been urging Lincoln to free all slaves, and public opinion seemed to support this view. Lincoln moved slowly and cautiously nonetheless; on March 13, 1862, the federal government forbade all Union army officers to return fugitive slaves, thus annulling in effect the fugitive slave laws. On April 10, on Lincoln's initiative, Congress declared the federal government would compensate slave owners who freed their slaves. All slaves in the District of Columbia were freed in this way on April 16, 1862. On June 19, 1862, Congress enacted a measure prohibiting slavery in U.S. territories, thus defying the Supreme Court decision in the Dred Scott case, which ruled that Congress was powerless to regulate slavery in the territories.  http://www.history.com/encyclopedia.do?articleId=208480 
Uh...wtf?   The Emancipation proclamtion didn't do anything in the South. Do you really think that slave owners just let their slaves go after hearing it? No. Nothing changed from the EP beyond that Lincoln got to add a moral reason for fighting.   Might I suggest that you try reading a little Civil War history before making any more silly comments? :)  What do you think happened when slaves found out that the Union army was coming? As soon as the Union Army got close, they left their plantations and headed to the Yankee lines, that's what happened. Many joined the Union Army and the rest headed North as Freemen. What effect do you think that had on the southern economy? :xbanghead   The Emancipation Proclamation  proclamation issued by Abraham Lincoln on Jan. 1, 1863, during the American Civil War, declaring all "slaves within any State, or designated part of a State. . . then. . . in rebellion,. . . shall be then, thenceforward, and forever free." The states affected were enumerated in the proclamation; specifically exempted were slaves in parts of the South then held by Union armies. Lincoln's issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation marked a radical change in his policy; historians regard it as one of the great state documents of the U.S.  After the outbreak of the Civil War, the slavery issue was made acute by the flight to Union lines of large numbers of slaves who volunteered to fight for their freedom and that of their fellow slaves. In these circumstances, a strict application of established policy would have required return of fugitive slaves to their Confederate masters and would have alienated the staunchest supporters of the Union cause in the North and abroad.  Abolitionists had long been urging Lincoln to free all slaves, and public opinion seemed to support this view. Lincoln moved slowly and cautiously nonetheless; on March 13, 1862, the federal government forbade all Union army officers to return fugitive slaves, thus annulling in effect the fugitive slave laws. On April 10, on Lincoln's initiative, Congress declared the federal government would compensate slave owners who freed their slaves. All slaves in the District of Columbia were freed in this way on April 16, 1862. On June 19, 1862, Congress enacted a measure prohibiting slavery in U.S. territories, thus defying the Supreme Court decision in the Dred Scott case, which ruled that Congress was powerless to regulate slavery in the territories.  http://www.history.com/encyclopedia.do?articleId=208480 
JPSartre12, that's more then a bit retarded. Of course the slaves in the Union occupied states were freed. And when the union army came close...well hello what would make you think they wouldn't leave anyways?   What you missed what I was talking about the slaves under Confederate control. I'll admit that the damage to the international level was quite large as it caused britain and france to change sides. However, until there's information on where the 500,000 slaves came from, aka occupied state or non-occupied, you have no argument.
As soon as the Union Army got close, they left their plantations and headed to the Yankee lines, that's what happened. Many joined the Union Army and the rest headed North as Freemen. What effect do you think that had on the southern economy? I don't think anyone's denying that what you're saying was an effect, but that this... Lincoln freed the slaves in the South to cause economic chaos and to get blacks to fight for the North. IIRC, slaves weren't freed in new territories. ...was simplistic and patronizing.
Who has the right to say when you're life ends? The Founding Fathers of this country said that Life, Liberty, and the persuit of happiness are the 3 rights that cannot be taken away.  I would agree that the death penalty should be removed. The people convicted cannot suffer and feel bad for the crime they commited if they are dead.  I also feel bad for the familes of the people they send to death. If the people were in jail for life instead of being put to death, at least their husbands, wives, mothers, brothers, etc. could visit or at least know they are alive and well.  If they commit murder they have already done that to the victims, taken away their life and liberty.  Better to feel sorry for the victims family who are suffering their loss, had to identify their loved one and (in many cases) see the brutality that was inflicted on them. Feel sorry also for the victim who suffered such horror before their agony finally finished in death.
Who has the right to say when you're life ends? The Founding Fathers of this country said that Life, Liberty, and the persuit of happiness are the 3 rights that cannot be taken away.  I would agree that the death penalty should be removed. The people convicted cannot suffer and feel bad for the crime they commited if they are dead.  I also feel bad for the familes of the people they send to death. If the people were in jail for life instead of being put to death, at least their husbands, wives, mothers, brothers, etc. could visit or at least know they are alive and well.Misdirected sympathy for the perp and his family is as close to sickening as sympathy gets. At least the husbands, wives, mothers, brothers, etc. OF THE VICTIM would be able to visit or at least know they're family members are alive if the criminal hadn't KILLED THEM!!  I cry REALLY big CROCODILE tears for death-row criminals and their poor, misunderstood families every day! The sooner they are dead, the better off the rest of us will be. Kill everybody on death row...TOMORROW!!! That will free up some space for the next batch of incorrigible, POS, scumbag, worthless stealers of life and liberty. I say let's empty all death rows in all prisons on a monthly basis. I'll bring the ammo!emoticon_xhoho emoticon_xhoho  Japan does it right. They don't set a date for the execution. They don't have weeping, candlelight vigils at the appointed hour. The first thing the immediate family knows of the criminal's death is when the body arrives at their front door for burial. Kudos to Japan!
Wow, thats cold, cruel, and disgusting. I had no idea that your ideas were so barbaric. Let me remind you that the death row inmates are probably suffering more and for longer than the victim. Your logic dates back to ancient times, you are moving us backward in time. We should be moving forward, toward abolishing the death penalty and being more human to convicts. We need prison reform, as our justice system has been perverted beyond belief by conservatives and cold hearted people.Hardly so. Our justice system has been rendered ineffectual by the hearts that bleed for the criminal instead of the victim. We let killers out of prison so they can kill again. We let rapists out of prison so they can rape again. We let child-molesters out of prison so they can molest again. We expend more effort defending terrorists and sympathizing with them than we do honoring those that they killed. We are a sick group.  I'm wondering how long it will take all the numbnuts of the world to realize two important facts of human nature:  1) One cannot reason with the irrational.  2) The ONLY way to stop a killer is to kill him.     Let's bring emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill DEATH back to DEATH ROW!!!!!
Life without possibility of parole seems to work as well unless you're concerned about him possibly killing another inmate. Somehow I don't think you'd shed a tear in this case.If it was another death-row inmate, I'd not cry. If it was a prison guard, I'd be angered...but I still wouldn't cry.  If all lifers-without-parole were in isolation, it would still not preclude guards from being killed by them. All that would do is protect the other inmates...and cost us more money.
Life without possibility of parole seems to work as well unless you're concerned about him possibly killing another inmate. Somehow I don't think you'd shed a tear in this case. Except this creates inmates who no longer have anything to lose. Inmates with nothing to lose are more likely to be assaultive on staff, fellow inmates, etc. They are far more likely to attempt escape, and far more likely to kill in the course of that escape knowing that if they are apprehended that they will likely never see the light of day again.   Not one executed offender has ever assaulted or killed again, and to my knowledge, not one executed offender has ever escaped from prison.   I like the odds better when they are dead.
Wow, thats cold, cruel, and disgusting. I had no idea that your ideas were so barbaric. Let me remind you that the death row inmates are probably suffering more and for longer than the victim.   Yeah, the victims don't suffer long because they are...hmmm.....wait for it......DEAD. And you use words like "barbaric, cold, cruel, and disgusting to describe Jim's idea?   *Hello Pot, this is Kettle...come in Pot...do you read me....
Who has the right to say when you're life ends? The Founding Fathers of this country said that Life, Liberty, and the persuit of happiness are the 3 rights that cannot be taken away.  I would agree that the death penalty should be removed. The people convicted cannot suffer and feel bad for the crime they commited if they are dead.  I also feel bad for the familes of the people they send to death. If the people were in jail for life instead of being put to death, at least their husbands, wives, mothers, brothers, etc. could visit or at least know they are alive and well.  Why should the family of the criminal be of more concern that the families of the victims? I say, put a bullet in the bastards and be done with it. emoticon_xkill
Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.  No, but potential future victims have. emoticon_xgood
Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.  It's not about revenge or benefit for the victim, it's about punishment for a crime committed. And if it prevents the potential of future victims, all the better.
Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.That is a truism...meaning nothing in the argument that society and the victim's surviving kinfolk may benefit not only from the pleasure that may come in knowing the killer is now dead but from the absolutely irrefutable FACT that that particular killer will NEVER kill again!  ....and I would extend the executions into the night to take care of rapists and child-molesters...among other things!
What about closure? Selfish I know, but somehow it seems like at least for me it would give me closure knowing the man who murdered my father is forever gone. That said I am still on the fence but I am too close to the subject to have an untainted opinion.  You aren't the actual victim, you are kin to the victim. I never said revenge isn't satisfying. Let's call it what it is though. Y'all didn't talk about this before the weddin'?emoticon_wow   I think revenge and closure can be separated here.  I know of a young girl who was extremely afraid of the man that killed her mother. She was six when her mother was murdered. She didn't want the man to die, but she was afraid he would get out of prison and kill her. She saw a psychiatrist on a regular basis. The murderer died in prison last year. The girl (now twelve) after repeated statements from several people that she trusts convinced her the man was really dead, was relieved of a terrific burden of fear, bringing closure for her...without revenge on her part.
Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.  What evidence is there that the spirit of a victim robbed of it's treasure of life takes no joy in being avenged?
You aren't the actual victim, you are kin to the victim. I never said revenge isn't satisfying. Let's call it what it is though.  This seems to be where we differ. You call it revenge, I call it punishment. (hence the name "capitol punishment").   So tell me, why do you consider it punishment to lock someone in a cage for the rest of their life (sometimes 60+ years), yet it is automatically revenge to execute them? Couldn't we turn around and state that it is simply revenge to lock someone in a cage for 50 years? I don't buy it. I see revenge as something that affected parties would persue outside the judicial theatre, and punishment as something society persues inside the judicial theatre. Difference there. This is why juries are supposed to be made up of fair and impartial members, not members of the family.   Only people personally affected by the crime (ie. relative and friends of the victim, etc.) can seek revenge. I as an impartial outsider brought in as a juror in such a case seeks to determine innocence or guilt, and in most cases determines the severity of punishment, up to and including death. How could I call it revenge against the convicted when s/he has not done anything to me personally?
This seems to be where we differ. You call it revenge, I call it punishment. (hence the name "capitol punishment").   So tell me, why do you consider it punisment to lock someone in a cage for the rest of their life (sometimes 60+ years), yet it is automatically revenge to execute them? Couldn't we turn around and state that it is simply revenge to lock someone in a cage for 50 years? I don't buy it. I see revenge as something that affected parties would persue outside the judicial theatre, and punishment as something society persues inside the judicial theatre. Difference there. This is why juries are supposed to be made up of fair and impartial members, not members of the family.   Only people personally affected by the crime (ie. relative and friends of the victim, etc.) can seek revenge. I as an impartial outsider brought in as a juror in such a case seeks to determine innocence or guilt, and in most cases determines the severity of punishment, up to and including death. How could I call it revenge against the convicted when s/he has not done anything to me personally?  Just wanted to say this is a very good point. I would like to see somebody try to address these points.
You're joking I trust? Where's the evidence of the victim having a "spirit"?   There is more evidence in the "belief" of a human spirit than has ever been provided in opposition to the possibility.
Wow, thats cold, cruel, and disgusting. I had no idea that your ideas were so barbaric. Let me remind you that the death row inmates are probably suffering more and for longer than the victim. Your logic dates back to ancient times, you are moving us backward in time. We should be moving forward, toward abolishing the death penalty and being more human to convicts. We need prison reform, as our justice system has been perverted beyond belief by conservatives and cold hearted people.  "This" coming from one who justifies the aborting of the innocent who depends on it's creators for safety and well being. Innocents are expendable while those who disregard the right to stay alive of "their" victims deserve consideration.  The stress experienced on the way to the death chamber is just a portion of what is deserved by a murderer or rapist. The terror of meeting death by the hand of another was disregarded by the murderer. He deserves the stress and the reward.  Your response must include dismissal of the victims and families of the criminal.
"Belief" is irrelevant. Where is the hard evidence that spirits exist and can feel hatred?  It exist in the same file that the proof that they do not exist.  The crux of your argument is that since "you" do not believe, it can not be.
 1. WOOA! Hold on and stop right there. This "innocent" you are referring to can cause catastrophic psychological and physical effects to a woman, not to mention the ruining of the rest of your life. I know that the embryo can't help it, but a dog that mauls me to death cannot help it either.  2. False. There is no "dependance" which you speak of. An embryo or zygote cannot feel any emotion at all, therefore they could care less if they were aborted or not.  3. Wrong. Embryo's aren't quite so innocent as stated above.  4. Its hardly stress. It puzzles me that you would excecute a person but save a single cell. Really shows what value you put on human life.  5. Irrelevant, as it has already been done. It still doesn't justify the emotional torture of incarcerated men and women now days.  6.You are in no position to make the judgement.  1. This creates an argument about "who" causes the problems. The irresponsible actions of people who are not ready to parent, or the product of their irresponsibility? You make many assumptions based on what you want to believe. The only evidence you have that a child in womb has no instinct to survive or that spirits have no opinions of what happened to them because they do not exist are figments of your creation of excuses for killing babies and defending murderers right to life.   2. Abortions occur and are defended well past the point of even your twisted description of what, if not scraped away would be a child.  3. Elaborate on it's percentage of guilt and it's motives.   4. The "lives" that "I" value are the innocents created by people not ready to parent and the victims of people who disregard the right to life of their victims and the torment of their victim's families. If you can not relate, you have not experienced the loss of a loved one to a murderer.   5. Your proclamation of "irrelevance", once again constitutes dismissal of the victims and their families.   6. Of course I am. I pay taxes and I vote.
Notice how unsatisfying Saddam's death is?  Unsatisfying to whom exactly? For me, it was pretty satisfying. I watched the coverage with a large Margarita in my hand, and had a very satisfying tropical sip when they announced that he was officially dead. But then again, I had a personal reason to dislike Saddam, he was the reason I got pulled half way around the world and stuck in a sandbox when his army invaded Kuwait.   But then again, my personal dislike of Saddam is nothing compared with the vast majority of Iraqi citizens who dealt with his brutal reign of terror for years and years.   Satisfaction with his death is surely a subjective argument. You may not feel a level of satisfaction, but rest assured that many do.
  I do not see any connection between this "murder" that youspeak of , and abortion.  There are two subjects being discussed. One concerning abortion and one concerning the death penalty(murderers).
  gman; This creates an argument about "who" causes the problems. The irresponsible actions of people who are not ready to parent, or the product of their irresponsibility? You make many assumptions based on what you want to believe. The only evidence you have that a child in womb has no instinct to survive or that spirits have no opinions of what happened to them because they do not exist are figments of your creation of excuses for killing babies and defending murderers right to life.  1. So its that persons fault if they get mauled by the dog if they went into their front yard to deliver mail?  2. And you don't? Thats pretty hypocritical.  3. I highly doubt that cellular watersacks living parasitically off of a woman have "souls" or "spirits". This is not an assumption on what I believe, this is science, not a Steven King story.  4. The aborting of the cellular watersacs has met too much opposition and just shows that many americans posses no common sense. I don't really know whats "twisted" about an abortion, but you do bend words a little too much.  5. If you place a piece of cheese on the floor and a mouse comes and eats it, whose fault is it, the cheese's or the mouse's?  6. You should value all of their lives equally, thats something you use many times in an abortion debate, why should it not apply everywhere equally?  7. No, but I am familiar with the hatred that follows.  8. I do care very much for them, however breeding hate and death is hardly the answer to this mess.  9. How is voting relevant to knowing other human being's circumstances? Are you a telepathic voter?  1. I placed the statement in your quote so you could read it again.  I need you to explain the comparison of a dog attack to irresponsible action.   2. Nothing hypocritical about me accusing you of something unless I claim to not do the same. I didn't.   3. The instinct to survive has nothing to do with souls or spirit. A being that is prodded or poked with an instrument and moves in reaction is motivated by instinct. Speaking of spirits of victims is simply a right in the constitution. You know, the one about speech? Science has proven nothing concerning the existence of spirits.   4. So, you're denying that the object you now refer to as a cellular watersack would become a baby if not scrapped away?   5. What does this have to do with your accusation of guilt of an embryo? Quote by Shooter: (Wrong. Embryo's aren't quite so innocent)  Please give more thought to your comparisons.   6. I opt not to place the same value on the lives of murderers or those who view babies who depend on them for their very lives as expendable.  Victims of murderers would choose life if given the choice. A baby would choose life if not scrapped away.  7. If you are personally familiar with the hatred that accompanies a murderer, then you must know a victim's family member. If not, you are not familiar. You can not fathom the deep seeded hatred and anger. Fathers, brothers and husbands hate even themselves for their failure to protect a girl they loved.  The misery and helplessness can not be put into words.   8. Hate and death was bred by the murderer. It is the unfortunate side effect that the victim and their loved ones must endure.   9. Voting is the power the average citizen has. Paying taxes is his contribution to society. Did I mention that I have "no" concern for the feelings of murderers or those who would scrape away what would become a baby? Making bad decisions, such as murder and scrapping babies quickly causes me to be less concerned about "circumstances" that may otherwise stir my sympathies.
 1. I know exactly what you are saying. You are telling me that delivering mail is an irresponsible action (if you know what I mean).  2. That wasn't the point. The point was you assuming all women with unwanted pregnancies are irresponsible.  3. Sure, you an speak about it, but I don't think you will have much luck legislating it.  4. Theres an over 20% chance it wont. Unless its a 100% assurance, I'm not buying it.  5. I did. Please give more thought to your interpretations. My point was, the embryo is harming someone whether it likes it or not.  6. Then that makes you hypocritical, as you're picking and choosing who's lives to value. Doesn't that go against the whole pro-life thing?  7. There is more the the abortion issue than the watersacks.  8. Actually, it wouldn't. A baby can not make a decision let alone a watersack. However, a mother can, and a mother knows her circumstances best, therefore it is only logical to let her make the decision for both.  9. Fine, you got me there. Keep in mind, though, that you can never fully understand the abortion issue because you've never been pregnant let alone being plauged with an unwanted pregnancy.  10. And what about how the inmate feels? I understand he should be punished, but death? Did you see the movie "The Chamber" last night? I forgot which channel it was on, but I read the book. The movie had an even more interesting take on the death penalty.  11. Its bread by both and you know it.  12. I sympathize, however how will killing the offender make any difference in bringing their lost one back?  13. You were sure as hell implying it.  14. Exactly. When was the last time you became pregnant? The thing is, you will never be, and that is what makes your decisions so invalid and hypocritical.  15. And to clear some things up, murder is a bad decision, watersack aborting is (usually) not.  1. You really do need to clarify your comparison. It makes no sense to me. People indulging in activity that makes babies when they do not want one and a dog attack in the yard?   2. I give no thought to the circumstances of how a woman becomes pregnant. What matters to me is what they do to or for the baby. But women should give thought to what effect can come from taking the risk. But whining and begging society not to judge her for her lack of forethought and selfishness move guilt from her to society for having an opinion of her actions. The involved man is likewise guilty.   3. You have a retention problem. I have several times stated that legislating concerning abortion is not my desire. Convincing people to conduct themselves with forethought and consideration of possible decisions that may cause pain is all I have in mind.   4. Your standards concerning the lives of others are pitiful.   5. The embryo is a victim. Not the source of pain. wow  6. Did I say I am pro life? Forget it. That, like Pro choice is politically correct XXXX. I believe that bad people should be dead and society has the duty to assist that end. But this warped society would rather fight for the right to kill the most dependent beings on the planet and make excuses for the killers.   7. Of course, but it all boils down to a dead baby due to irresponsibility.   8. Any mother who places her welfare ahead of the life of the child she was stupid enough to create does not deserve the right to make decisions. She's stupid.   9. I only need to understand that a child's body should not be scraped away to accomodate anybodies convenience.   10. I care about the feelings of a murderer the way he cared for his victim and his victim's family's feelings. I never allow myself to forget the victim.   11. It would never have began had the murderer not committed his deed.   12. It won't. It is simply the right thing to do.   13. Oh no. I'm not implying it. I'm clarifying it that I emphatically do not give a damn about the welfare of murderers and baby scrapers.   14. My only problem with your statement here is that I'm a hypocrite. I have not pretended to be for something and then turned. Your favorite argument is that someone is a hypocrite.   15. You have clarified that you don't like murder and that your concern is for the treatment of murderers. And that disposing of babies for convenience sake is acceptable to you. Be proud. You're a nice person that murderers pray for on their juries.
 1. First, i'm curious to know why you call having sex "indulging", as I really don't see how sex has to do with "indulging". Second, the people didn't intend to have a baby, just like the mailman didn't intend to get attacked. There wasn't a good chance that they would have a baby, just like there was a good chance the mail man wouldn't get attacked by a dog. 2. And that is where you lost all of your credibility. That is the main thing that we need to consider. The watersack comes next, but the human comes first. This also shows that you do not care about our species at all. 3. And? You choose to worry about the watersack, i worry about the woman. I find it quite offensive that you think watersacks are more important than women. Now wheres Jito? 4. They do, and theres usually a very slight chance that they may have a baby. But, they used a condom, and if that fails, she used a pill, and if that fails then as a last resort she can have an abortion. Many women are at peace with those odds, and tearing away their safety net is not the right thing to do IMO. Denying women an abortion is like denying a man who was hit by a car medical help. You would say "Nope, sorry. Its all your fault because you decided to take the risk of crossing the street". "But the light was green (resemblance to birth control)". "Well, sorry" you'd say. "You still crossed the street, you should've called for a helicopter lift or something." I am at loss for words at the absurdity of your position. 5. Well then I apologize, as i probably got you confized with DrNo. 6. MY standards? Look in the mirror, Pinocchio. You have no problem excecuting human beings, but you cherish the life of a single cell at another human beings expense.  7. Wow, what? I though victims could only be intelligent life forms. I didn't know that anything made of organic material could be. Are the weeds in my garden victims too? I should have a funeral. 8. It would only be logical to assume so. 9. Wow, well I guess we are in huge disagreement. 10. Last time I checked the law books, killing a baby was illegal. Unless theres some underground, back alley, black market baby killing buisness that I didn't know about. 11. I agree 100%. However, how is this relevant to abortion? 12. Whenever anyone uses the word "convenience" to describe pregnancy is obviously trivializing it. Tell me, Gman, when was the last time you got pregnant? 13. I understand that, but why is the killing necessary? 14. It would never have began had the murderer not committed his deed.  15. It takes two to tango. 16. And your proof of this is where? The rest of the civilized countries in the world don't really agree with you. 17. What do you mean by baby scrapers? Do you mean babies born with a disease (forgot its name), and the doctors who have to scrap the baby's feet as treatment? Well, I'm not sure they do it to baby's, but if they do, are you referring to the doctors who give this treatment to babys? Yes, i know its painful but its necessary. 18. I wonder why that is? 19. Yes. I know that they're dirtbags and yes they deserved to be punished but nothing warrants this torture. 20. No, its not. In fact I believe abandoning babies is illegal in this country. I could be mistaken though. 21. I will not aquitt a murderer, however i do not like to see any human being mistreated, probably a concept you don't understand on account of your mistreatment to our species.  1. Mailmen get paid to deliver mail. The mailman has no choice in making his delivery. A dog attack is a matter of negligence on the dog owner's part.  People engaged in the act that creates a child have a choice. If they indulge in that act without regard to the possibility of harm to that baby, they are guilty of self indulgence and selfishness.   2./3. My credibility is effected by the actions under which women become pregnant? You are the one applying the term "watersack" to what if left alone would become a child.   4. Crossing the street, getting hit by a car? Getting pregnant, killing a child for the sake of convenience. You really need to think these comparisons out better.  5. 6. I have not lied, nor changed my stance. Resorting to calling names does not lend credence to your argument.  I not only approve of executing criminals, I demand it. I do not enjoy when it occurs, but consider it the right thing to do.  I do cherish the process with which the life of an innocent comes to be. It is what should be the beginning of life for one not so entwined in itself that it would consider it's own convenience above the life of another who is innocent.  7. Not worthy of a response.  8. Yes, it would. I just don't use politically correct terms to define myself.  9. Apparently.  10. symantics. 11. Yes, you say you agree 100%. It is relevant due to the fact that the woman "makes the choice".  12. Convenience is not being used to describe "being pregnant". It is being used to describe the act of abortion so as not to be "inconvenienced" by pregnancy.  13. Because it is the right thing to do. Murderers and rapist forfeit their right to life when they ignore the rights of their victims.  14./15. You are shitting me with this assinine statement aren't you?  16. Fortunately for me I'm not worried about world opinion. heh?  17. When babies are aborted. the remnants of it's body must be scraped from the womb.  18. You wonder why what is? Why you resort to name calling?  That's usually a symptom of lack of confidence in one's argument.  19. What torture do you refer to? The fate that they forced upon their victims?  20. You twist my statement as you can not accept responsibility for your own ideals concerning the scraping and disposal of what would be a child if left alone without shame. I suspect.  21. I did not say that you would not verdict fairly. I say you would never condemn to death. That too falls upon a juror. They make recommendations to the judge for the sentence and most often judges accept the jury's recommendation. My concern for the victims and the families suggest that I care for the right people. Those tortured through no action of their own.
Jumping into the fray here, your reaction supports a general standing theory I have that the desire for the death penalty is nothing more than a desire for vengeance. Vengeance is a natural human emotion. I am sure I would also feel a desire for vengeance if a loved one were brutally killed. If we, as a society, honestly look at the issue and admit that our desire for state sanctioned vengeance overrides all other considerations, then, by all means, we should continue to have the death penalty. However, I, for one, am uncomfortable with the thought of our justice system being based not on reasoned analysis but on sattisfying our strongest basest emotions. Should we, as a society, indulge the emotion of vengeance? That is the question.  I think it is very important to make a distinction between revenge and punishment. In my opinion, these are two different motives. I believe there are certain crimes where the death penalty is an acceptable punishment. Revenge implies that I have some sort of personal interest in seeing a person executed. My belief in the death penalty stems from the brutality of the crime, not from my own desire to enact "sanctioned vengeance." It is extremely important not to confuse punishment and revenge.
The argument for the death penalty as a deterrent has been proved wrong by the implementation of it through history. Murders do not stop where this form of punishment is implemented. .  The argument that alternative sentences rehabilitate offenders has also been proven wrong by the fact that murders do not stop where this form of punishment is implemented. The difference between the two punishments? The only way to prove that rehabilitation has occurred is to parole a murderer. An action that has often created more murder victims.
There is a question that one can pose which cuts to the question of whether capital punishment is vengeance or, as you claim, punishment. Namely, if, while waiting on that death row, the offender truly did make a complete conversion (through faith or some other means) to become a safe, responsible individual to the point where even you would see that he was no longer dangerous, would you still want him to be executed?  Absolutely. Regardless of any "conversion" that is made, the convicted has still been given a punishment for a crime committed. That punishment should be carried out regardless of any new found goodness that the criminal may have. Otherwise, why lock anyone up in jail in the first place? And how exactly would you judge whether someone has made "a complete conversion" as you put it. I'm not suggesting that criminals cannot and do not change...of course they do. But I am sure that many would simply try to take advantage of such a societal trust. However, I consider this to be irrelevent. Civilized society demands a penalty for transgression against it's laws, up to and including death.   Also, what specifically, in your view, is the purpose of punishment? See above sentence highlighted in bold print.
Jumping into the fray here, your reaction supports a general standing theory I have that the desire for the death penalty is nothing more than a desire for vengeance. Vengeance is a natural human emotion. I am sure I would also feel a desire for vengeance if a loved one were brutally killed. If we, as a society, honestly look at the issue and admit that our desire for state sanctioned vengeance overrides all other considerations, then, by all means, we should continue to have the death penalty. However, I, for one, am uncomfortable with the thought of our justice system being based not on reasoned analysis but on sattisfying our strongest basest emotions. Should we, as a society, indulge the emotion of vengeance? That is the question. And again, I will hold to the opinion that only those who are personally affected by said criminal can hold a desire for revenge. Society as a whole seeks justice, not revenge.   I, as you can see from my post, had been personally affected by Saddam and his actions. But does it indicate a desire for vengeance that I found his death in some way satisfying? Only I can be the true judge of that. While I did find his death satisfying, for me it is not revenge...it's simply justice at work. He was tried, convicted, and sentenced in a court of law according to the local laws. Of course, it is hard to find too many fair and impartial people in cases such as Saddam due to his high level of notoriety. Perhaps the proceedings in the courtroom were based more on vengeance than a desire to seek justice, but it was carried out in the way of justice. Vengeance would have been killing him outright without the benefit of trial, legal counsel, etc.
There is a question that one can pose which cuts to the question of whether capital punishment is vengeance or, as you claim, punishment. Namely, if, while waiting on that death row, the offender truly did make a complete conversion (through faith or some other means) to become a safe, responsible individual to the point where even you would see that he was no longer dangerous, would you still want him to be executed?   Also, what specifically, in your view, is the purpose of punishment?  If a child steals a cookie from the cookie jar and gets caught, the punishment might be to stand in the corner for a few minutes. The parent doesn't do this out of a desire to have revenge against their child; they simply wish to alter the child's behavior in the future. What if the child admits wrongdoing and realizes they made a mistake even while their hand is still in the cookie jar? Should this realization absolve them of the punishment? Of course not. Learning that stealing cookies (or stealing in general) is wrong is only half of the lesson. The other half is there will be undesirable consequences to face if the child chooses to steal again. In the case of the death penalty, the crime committed is so terrible that society is no longer concerned with teaching a lesson; they simply want to be free of these terrible criminals. In a way, this is simply society's right to self-defense.  As far as the deterrent argument, I have said this before, and I will say it again: There is no accurate way to measure if the death penalty is deterring crime or not. Simply comparing instances of execution to homicide rate is not going to give you a viable answer. There are simply too many other variables involved.
Where the child's hand in the cookie jar is concerned, if he truly made a conversion, then he would not steel again. It is TRUE conversions I am talking about, not ones made temporarily because one was caught, and not conversions that are faked.  As for societies wanting to be free of terrible criminals (assuming that those criminals are un-convertable), then they can also be free of them with life sentences without parole. Why does society NEED to kill them, in your view?  That is a good question. I feel that different levels of crime deserve different levels of punishment. To me, rape is the worst crime you can commit against another person, and you forfeit your rights if you engage in such behavior. This includes your right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In a perfect world, we could just lock away people and throw away the key. If there was no possible way for them to get out, I might be willing to go with that. In some ways, allowing them to rot in a cell may be fitting. However, there have been cases where people who were sentenced to life in prison without parole got out anyway through a fluke, or, most famously, a furlough program. If a person breaks into your house and tries to kill you, are you more likely to try and rehabilitate them or shoot them? Sometimes, the only way to deal with certain criminals is to end their life, simply because they don't deserve to live. Who am I to decide if a person doesn't deserve to live? I'm not; that is why we have courts and juries.
In the question to you, I presented a scenario of a conversion where "even you would see that he was no longer dangerous" - which means a real conversion, not a faked one. Granted, this is a hypothetical question not truly a practical one since we currently have no sure-fire way of testing a person's mental state. The reason I posed that question was to test YOUR reasoning for capital punishment. You say that, even if he did make a true conversion and was no longer dangerous, you would still put him to death because of the proclamation "Civilized society demands a penalty for transgression against it's laws, up to and including death.". However, you haven't given any reason for this proclamation. Why should civilized society demand such penalties - what are the reasons and purposes for these penalties? Without such a reason, your proclamation is empty and meaningless and, therefore, useless. I suspect you do have reasons in mind for why societies should punish offenders. Please state them. Why do I even have to give a reason for this? To me, it's as simple as this:  1. We have laws that make certain acts crimes. 2. Some people break these laws, thereby commiting a crime. 3. We try these people in a court of law to determine guilt or innocence in the crime that they are charged with. 4. We punish people who commit these crimes.   I guess my simply saying that "civilized society demands a penalty..." is not enough for you. So let me say it this way:  Anything less would be uncivilized.   Why do you believe that to be the case? Vengeance is an emotional reaction - wanting to get the sattisfaction of seeing the offender suffer because he caused suffering. There is no rationality involved in that emotional reaction. If I see a stranger brutally tortured and killed, I also can feel the gut reaction of anger and vengeance even if I did not know the victim. Vengeance is based purely on emotion. Our purposes for punishment, if they are not to be based purely on the emotion of vengeance, need to have some RATIONAL reason for the punishment. I would include, among the rational reasons: 1. Protecting society from further harm by separating them from that society during their potentially harmful stage. 2. Teaching the offender a lesson so that he knows not to repeat the crime since he will see that the crime brings punishment, which brings him suffering. 3. Deterrent factor: Others see him suffer a punishment and know that they would also if they committed a similar crime.  Those are the main rational reasons that I can think of behind having a society impose punishments to crimes. Can you present any rational reasons for societies imposing punishments or are your reasons based only on the emotional reaction of vengeance?  I see justice and vengeance as seperate issues, if unclear on my position, please refer to previous posts. I think I have already spelled out my position clearly. Why must we flog the deceased equine? What do you REALLY want to know?
Retribution is one way of describing it.  A former Lord Chief Justice in the UK said "The supreme crime demands the supreme penalty".
I would think that it would be an obvious point that we structure societies and civilizations in particular ways because there are REASONS to structure them that way. Are you saying that there is no reason to punish anyone - that is just the way it is and that's it? That makes no sense. If there is no reason to punish anyone to begin with, then why punish? I know that you MUST have reasons in mind - perhaps you are just unwilling to state them.  All you have done is state a proclamation that all crimes must be punished, without giving any of your reasons behind that. I am claiming that vengeance is one of the reasons that people ultimately have for punishment. That is an emotional reason. There are also the rational reasons which I stated in my previous post. If you can give no reason why societies should punish crimes, then my guess is that your support of punishment for crimes really is based on the knee-jerk emotional reaction of vengeance and not on rational reasons. If you have rational reasons then please state them. Of course there are valid reasons to punish someone.  1. Removal (sometimes permanently) from society of a dangerous element, thereby preventing further crime by the individual and protecting the rights/interests of society. (If Billy Bob spends th next 25 years in prison, then I don't have to wonder if Billy Bob is going to be stealing my car for the next 25 years)  2. Show said criminal that their actions were unnacceptable to society, and therefore they must pay a penalty for their actions. (New York and LA have shown that catch and release is like simply telling a child that he is "bad" for stealing candybars in a store. The child will realize that 'hey...there are no consquences for stealing, so I'm going to keep stealing candybars. What's she going to do...call me bad again?' However, if you take said child back to the store, make him give the candybar back or the money for the candy bar, make him explain to the manager that he stole the candybar, and lock his playstation up for 3 weeks, the child might then say 'Hmmm, I really like to play my playstation, I'm not going to steal any more candybars...if I get caught again, mom might take my playstation away for even longer than 3 weeks.' )  3. Act as a detterent to future potential crimes/criminals. (see above)  4. Facilitate the rehabilitation of certain criminals, allowing them to gain education and job skills that they can then use on the outside. (punishment does not automatically mean that we cannot make something positive out of it. Certain offenders can and are rehabilitated in prison. Some simply require job skills, social skills, and life skills that can enable them to conform to societal norms (not stealing cars, selling drugs, robbing liquor stores, etc.) However this should not be seen as a substitute to punishment, rather a concurrent activity during the punishment. The criminals still have a debt to pay to society for their transgression of the laws. And by no means should one think that everyone is capable of rehabilitation, nor is every criminal deserving of efforts towards rehabilitation.)  These are the first 4 that popped into my head. I'm sure that these could be combined into one mass reason, or picked down into 20 reasons, but it illustrates the point. There are plenty of reasons to punish criminals, none of which I listed have anything to do with vengeance.
Great! I also agree with most of those reasons. So, we have a common rational base from which to work on.   Now, from those reasons which you gave, which, in your view, justify the punishment of death?  The Criminal activity discussed with you by snakepit obviously did not include murderers and rapist.  You can't take a murderer back to his victim and apologize and explain his actions. No matter how rehabilitated a murderer is, his victim never gets rehabilitated. The pain never leaves the loved ones of the victim.  Murderers and rapist steal the basic rights of people they see as expendable. Making them expendable. Worse than expendable, a burden to society.  Killing them has only one deterrent value. Killing this criminal will deter him from recommitting.
Great! I also agree with most of those reasons. So, we have a common rational base from which to work on.   Now, from those reasons which you gave, which, in your view, justify the punishment of death? It doesn't quite work that way. You asked for reasons to justify punishment in general. I gave you reasons, although I suspect we all had these in mind before I wrote them down. These are reasons to punish people...plain and simple. The severity of that punishment is determined based on the facts of the individual case.   We should look at the difference between vengeance and justice. As I had stated previously, I see the difference as the motivation for the punishment, and who the punishment is decided upon by. Sentencing someone to 20 years in prison could be an act of vengeance, just as easily as giving someone the death penalty could. But in most cases, I view the use of any punishment, when delivered through a fair and balanced judicial process as justice, not vengeance. As I said, killing the defendant on the courthouse steps without a trial by a jury of his peers would be vengeance. Carrying out a court sanctioned punishment as prescribed by law is justice, even when that punishment is death.
For those who support the death penalty and believe that a person is always innocent until proved guilty or that only the guilty are sent to death Row, I suggest reading John Grisham's first nonfiction book THE INNOCENT MAN. It is about a man who was convicted with flimsy evidence, spent eleven years on death row, went through the appeals process and was five days away from execution before some advocates won him a new trial and the case was dismissed. While on death row he became friends with another condemned man who was also found to be innocent and released. A flawed system should not have the power to kill.  Is it not possible that this flawed system could sentence an innocent to life without parole as well, and due to flaws in the system, this person spends 60years in prison and dies before proof of innocence is ever found? Well, if that's possible, then perhaps our flawed system should not be allowed to sentence anyone to LWP either. Heck, let's just give everyone 10 years, regardless of their crime, that way if 1or 2 innocent people out of 100,000 are found guilty and sent to prison, they don't have to spend too long in jail anyway.   How far down the slippery slope should we travel Dono? Our system may be flawed, but it is the best system we have. In for a penny, in for a pound.
Flaws in the judicial system should be debated in hopes of reforming a flawed system. D.A.'s should face serious penalties for witholding pertinent evidence that could cast a shadow of doubt on a defendant's guilt or innocence.  The death penalty should not be an option when only circumstantial evidence is the deciding factors in a verdict.  The death penalty is not an action that should be viewed in the spirit of "what is gained". Nothing is gained. But a person who disregarded the rights of the victim, in effect denying that person the right to be alive and suffered the terror of life leaving their body should not be given the right to enjoy more breath than it takes to deliver them to a gallows. We as a society especially do not owe them three hots and a cot for the rest of their lives.
So your arguement for supporting the death penalty is that we owe them nothing? That still does not explain why they need to be put to death. Is it the idea that we no longer feel the responsibility of paying tax dollars to keep them alive in life without parole since their lives are not worth the expense? Otherwise, what specifically is our motivation to kill in this case?  After all, they WILL be alive in jail awaiting the decision for punishment. They will continue to be alive unless we take specific action to kill them. Your arguement says that we owe them nothing. By that arguement, there is nothing we are required to give them (which you can claim means that we don't owe them the finances to keep them alive). What, then, gives us the right to TAKE their lives from them? Why do THEY owe US their lives?  They gave us the right to end their lives when they assumed the right to deny a victim who's life was stolen from them. If you strangle, shoot, drown, stab, push off a cliff another person, robbing them of their life for any reason that a jury of 12 does not agree was a threat to yours. Good night.  We are not collecting a debt from them. They owe "us" nothing. We owe them nothing. I hate to write this every time this is debated but I must. Convictions attained through circumstantial evidence should not allow for the sentence of death. Cases with solid evidence such as DNA and or wittnesses where there is no doubt of guilt should allow for only one appeal for review of proper procedure. The the sentence be carried out forthwith.
How many people in the US have been shown to be innocent after being put to death? (since reinstatement of death penalty)
Since 1973, 123 people in 25 states have been released from death row with evidence of their innocence. At least, that is according to the following web site: http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=412  They also show a handful of people who were executed despite serious doubts cast on their guilt.  Over 1000 people have been executed since 1973 (1056 since 1976) so it looks like ~10% of cases were clear cut enough about the person's innocence that they were released.  Anyway, the risk of killing an innocent is one arguement against the death penalty. What are your personal views about the death penalty?  So no one has been proven innocent (or rather had evidence to show the would have been found not guilty or had the case thrown out) who was actually executed (normally by DNA evidence)?
What are your personal views about the death penalty? I didn't see this last part.  I think it is justified in some cases. For example, Timothy McVeigh or maybe the unabomber
I suspect that those statistics are harder to find and harder to determine (since, once a person is dead, there is much less motivation to prove him innocent). Nevertheless, various sources mention a number of people who have been executed despite probable innocence. Here is just one of numerous sites that I found with a Google search. This site (a few years old)claims that 25 people in the last 25 years have been executed despite probable innocence.  http://capitaldefenseweekly.com/25casesdraft.html  Anyway, I don't think there is a formal procedure to establish official innocence after death. I don't think the mechanisms are in place in our justice system to have a trial for the dead, so we can only look at the evidence in the cases that people have privately pursued.  Ok, so none can be shown. How many people with a life sentence without parole have died an prison and been innocent?   My point being that a mistake doesn't make the sentence not worth having. In fact, with the death penalty you get more due process than someone with a life sentence...there aren't many advocates for helping those guys out.
My main arguement against the death penalty which I have presented in this thread is that, outside of satisfaction of the public desire for vengeance, there is no REASON to kill the offender.  I'd say vengeance is the reason we lock someone away for life as well. I suppose you could say "well it keeps them from harming society" but so does the death penalty. I suppose in some cases it also might give a reason for the life without parole inmate to not kill the prison guard.   Though I am sure that I would also feel the desire for vengeance if a loved one were killed, I, for one, am quite uncomfortable with the REASONs behind our sense of justice being based on the satisfaction of this sense of vengeance. Can you think of any reason for the state to kill outside of this satisfaction of public desire for vengeance (i.e. emotionally wanting the offender to suffer since his victim suffered)?well, not much suffering in a death penalty (unless you believe in an after life). I also don't understand how not wanting "vengeance" for a crime is a good reason not to have the death penalty. A dislike the term but it seems to me all penalties are some kind of vengeance or justice.   I also dislike the argument "you don't show killing is wrong by killing"(which I realize you didn't make)....well, do you show imprisonment is wrong by imprisoning (think hostage situation)?
But that is just a statement without giving the REASONS behind it. You say that they stole another persons rights to life so they should have their lives taken away. So far, I am hearing "an eye for an eye" which is just that vengeance centered sense of justice that I am arguing against. What is the REASON behind "an eye for an eye" justice? The only one I can think of is sattisfying the public desire for vengeance (i.e. their emotional desire to want the offender to suffer as the victim did). Are you able to present any other reason for killing the offender? Again, proclamations about certain punishments automatically following certain crimes, without stating the reasons behind such punishments, don't mean much. It is the REASONS for the punishment that I am questioning. After all, if you are using a particular punishment for the wrong reason, then perhaps you shouldn't make that type of punishment.  Yes, mine are simply statements that include reasons that you seem to be dismissing due to the fact that you disagree with them.  Call it vengeance, call it insurance that a murderer will not murder again. Call it saving the tax payer money. Call it dislike of a human who placed his own desire for anything over the right of another to live. In my case, rapist too would be executed for their disregard of womens right to live unmolested and free of fear. Feel free to judge me as less worthy of the cape of righteousness but it is my personal desire that they be removed from the theater. If you lose a loved one to a murderer, you'll understand. Real events change people. You too can have your values changed by the callous disregard of selfish bastards who place their petty whims over the life of an innocent person. Fortunately most citizens never face the pain, allowing them to be self righteous in disregarding the victims of crime in favor of scum that would murder even those who defend them for a pittance.
I would think that the question of punishment is a question of balance of rights. Rights are generally considered a good thing so we impose on those only if we must and to the degree we must. It is a question of society not going overboard in how much it reduces certain people's rights. People generally think that the death penalty is worse than life without parole (certainly most criminals seem to think so). If both acheive the same goal of keeping society away from harm, then why go overboard in reducing the criminals rights by killing him? Society doesn't have to go overboard - life without parole is sufficient. Do you think they are more offended by the death penalty then life? This suggests that the death penalty might deter someone from further committing a murder. I realize they both achieve a similiar result but punishment is a part of justice and sometimes the removable of the most valued right (in my opinion) is justified.   As for guards being killed, that is a tiny risk. Indeed, it is of no risk for those prisons that are designed well. For the very worst offenders who are uncontroleable, there are options such as solitary confinement, etc. In other words, even while serving a life sentence, there are varieties of rights that the prisoners still have and which can further be taken away based on their behavior.ugh, solitary confinement is worse than death I bet haha. Yeah, I know its a small risk but putting someone in solitary doesn't seem like a just punishment after a second murder.  I would agree that occasionally, a judge will sentence a criminal to a particularly harsh punishment out of a sense of anger and vengeance for a heinous crime. I would hope that judges could control themselves in that and give punishments based only on the rational reasons (i.e. reasons not based on emotion). These include: 1. Imprisonment to keep society from further harm. 2. Using punishment to teach the criminal a lesson not to commit that crime again. 3. Deterrent - others see the prisoner punished and know they also would be punished for a similar crime. I think one is punishment put this doesn't mean to teach the criminal a lesson always. Punishment can be a repayment for harm done to society....sometimes that payment is your life.  As for whether it is right to kill for satisfaction of public desire for vengeance, that is a judgement call. I, personally, am against it. Others might openly claim that it is just fine. However, what I am finding in this thread is a lot of denial. Many people who support the death penalty are not willing to admit that vengeance plays a role - probably because they would be uncomfortable admiting that. If they are uncomfortable admitting that vengeance is the underlying reason, then perhaps they should re-think their stance on the death penalty.Really? (I don't come to this forum often)...I figured people would admit to it. Of course it's about vengeance. I honestly think many crimes are....any punishment is going to invovle some kind of vengeance. Maybe people get spooked by the word kinda like on the abortion forum I say some of you discriminate against humans. The words are more commonly used in harsh situations but nontheless are accurate sentences. Oh well :) I admit to it.  Well, as you say, I didn't make that arguement. After all, we kill enemy soldiers while thinking it a bad thing when they kill our troups. Essentially, I agree that there are times when one has no option but to kill. I don't think the death penalty is such a situation.No doubt there are other options besides the death penalty. In reality I wouldn't care if the death penalty were gone. I'd be a little POed if the judicial system did so but if a state decides "hey this is wrong" then I'd probably support that. I doubt I'd even favor a death penalty if given the chance in a court of law.
Can you think of any reason for the state to kill outside of this satisfaction of public desire for vengeance (i.e. emotionally wanting the offender to suffer since his victim suffered)?  You are confusing punishment with vengeance. When I ground my daughter for causing a disturbance in class, I am not seeking vengeance upon her. I am seeking to deter that behavior. Traffic tickets are not issued out of vengeance anymore than the death penalty. When a judge issues the death penalty it is the ultimate form of punishment and is independent of vengeance.   Assuming for sake of argument that the person in question is guilty beyond all possible hope of innocence, I offer the following reasons:  1: Punishment: The end all be all sure-fire way to prevent recidivism. 2: Deterrence: If the death penalty does nothing it deters the hell out of one person. 3: Economics: The State that sponsors the room, board, medical care, and education of the fellow who kills a family with a chainsaw and denies same to its law abiding citizens seems a little backward in its priorities.  4: Gender disparity. Proponents of the Equal Rights amendment will no doubt agree that given two 20 year old convicts, one male, one female, who are sentenced to life, the female through her longer lifespan will serve more time in jail. This is clearly unfair and discriminatory towards women!! The death penalty provides an even sentencing opportunity for women!  5: Organ donation. Nix the killer and save productive, critically ill citizens. Does the society benefit when the patient dies of liver failure while the convict does arm curls in the prison gymnasium? 6: Prevent costly jailbreaks. No convict, no jailbreak, no endangered citizenry, no roadblocks.  7: Relieves prison overcrowding.  8: Prevents annual interviews with Geraldo Riverra. How many times does Charles Manson need to be on the news? 9: Expediency. A life sentence is a de facto death sentence. Sentence a convict to life and it may take 60 years for the sentence to kill em. How barbaric when compared to the swift action of the lethal injection. The death penalty puts the life sentence into the fast lane.   Now, I'm just an average joe sitting in a cubicle with a fake houseplant and I managed to come up with nine reasons for ye. Mayhap others in the field of Justice who have more time (and real houseplants) have identified other reasons that have escaped our collective notice.   I will concede that wider use of the death penalty may result in an increase in Susan Sarandon movies, but sacrifices must be made. While I might wish the death penalty upon a convict, I would never inflict the Susan Sarandon movie catalog upon him. My god man, I am not without compassion!
Ok, now you did give a few reasons:  As to the question of whether it is right to base a justice system partly on the public desire for vengeance, that is a judgement call. Though I am sure that I would also feel a desire for vengeance if a loved one were killed, I feel very uncomfortable with the thought of our justice system being based partly on vengeance. Others, like you and Steeeeve, think it perfectly fine to execute based on vengeance. I would just like to see the debate about the death penalty be more honest. In other words, we should call the death penalty what it is - satisfaction of the public desire for vengeance - and debate THAT. Currently, there is too much denial.  The cost of implementing the DP is outrageous due to the corrupt, ineffective method of trying criminals. Convictions achieved by circumstantial evidence should not allow for the DP.  Prosecutors who disregard or with hold evidence that could cast a shadow of doubt on the guilt of a defendant should face serious penalties.  With those items clarified and aside, any defendant convicted beyond the shadow of a doubt, (DNA or wittnesses) should be given 30 minutes to say good bye to their family and put down. 30 minutes more than their victims were granted.  Life in prison is not insurance that killers won't kill again. They often kill fellow inmates and often get paroled. I know that many of you are stat freaks. Look up the rate of recidivism by parolees.  Denial in debate of the death penalty exist on both sides of that fence. We supporters generally avoid applying vengence as a motive to avoid accusations of being uncaring. Which is obviously an incorrect judgment based on the fact that we are willing to shoulder the responsibility for the action. We just happen to care more about the victims and their loved ones and future victims.  Denial by opponents occurs in the sense that they actually believe that the subject should be debated without consideration of victims and family of the victim.  The solution to the problem of executing innocent people is judicial reform.  Not ending use of the death penalty. Guilty murderers should die.  Prosecutors who conduct trials for the sake of their own win/loss record for future agendas must be challenged and punished seriously.
I don't feel as strongly about the death penalty as I feel about the abortion rights debate since I can relate to the desire for vengeance that people feel. My objection against the death penalty is based on wanting our civilization to be based on rational grounds. If it is not based on rational grounds, then it strikes me as backward and primitive. From that point of view, I also do feel some sense of embarrassment about this aspect of our society when confronted with challenges from Europeans and others who, from this point of view, seem more "civilized".I don't see Europe on the front lines of doing the "right" thing. Other countries not having it doesn't say anything about the morality of the death penalty.
http://www.aclu.org/capital/general/10441pub19971231.html  Since I don't visit websites, left or right, as they are all agenda driven and truth holds little value. Please debate the issue yourself.
 1. That is why there are some inmates that one does NOT parole. I agree that "life without parole" should really mean WITHOUT parole.   2. We care about the victims as well, but killing the murderer will not give them back their loved one. The only thing it satisfies is their desire for vengeance. To be honest, I wouldn't mind seeing a system in place with some level of forced labor where some of the profits of the murderer's work goes toward the victim's family - that or some other similar system where the criminal repays his victim. As I understand it, though O.J. Simpson was acquited of murder charges, he still lost out in the civil trial and had to pay the families financially for those murders.  1. Anti Dp'ers are anti partly based on the inappropriate executions of innocent people. The only point that I concede to them. However it is not the death penalty that is the problem it is the judicial system and prosecutors who pursue convictions for the sake of their record over justice.  The other travesty of justice that occurs more than inappropriate executions is the paroling of convicted murderers. Recidivism has cost many innocent people their lives. I refer to new victims of parolee's.  2. I understand that anti DP'ers debate because they are kind hearted. But they refuse to recognise that pro DP'ers debate because of their kind hearts. We are the ones who agonize over the suffering of the victim's families and the terror the victim suffered when they realized their life was over. You must attempt to envison that or been close to a violent end yourself to appreciate the overwhelming terror of what one experiences when they know it is over.  Most murderers do not have funds to pay for a lawyer much less pay retribution to survivors. And tax payers do not owe for the acts committed by scum.
I suspect that this will not be considered reasoned debate as it is disagreement with the anti DP stance. The rate of recidivism that produces dead innocent victims by paroled criminals far out weights the number of executed innocent men. fix the judicial system. Make lawyers and law enforcement accountable for the errors that lead to deadly mistakes. Quit making future victims pay for incompetence in law enforcement. Dead murderers do not murder again. Tugging at heart strings over the death of a murderer or the terror he feels on the way to the chamber gets no response. No joy, no sorrow.
But you are forgetting life-without-parole (and I do mean WITHOUT parole). With life without parole, there is also no recidivism.  Sure there is. Fellow inmates are people too. Murder inside prison walls is common. And likely to increase if murderers are not executed as they feel that they have nothing to lose. More time to their sentence won't matter and they know that death is not a possibility.
How about inmates that have life sentences without any chance of parol can be sent to death if they attack another inmate, thats a bit easier to prove since it can be caught on camera, would probably cut down on a lot of deadly attacks in prison  Just to clarify my stance. I do not support the DP for a defendant not proven guilty beyond the shadow of a doubt. Which is difficult to do even with DNA and witnesses. But, when proof positive is provided similar to the type of proof you have defined, I see no reason to allow a murderer a chance to do it again in or out of prison.
Why do you say that? Was that some reference to European decadence? Make of this what you will. The company we keep: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0777460.htmlTalk about guilt by association fallacies. What others do does not prove or disprove the morality or something. In all honestly I could care less what France, Iran, South Africa, or Brazil thinks about the death penalty. They have their culture we have ours.
But you are forgetting life-without-parole (and I do mean WITHOUT parole). With life without parole, there is also no recidivism.  Except for other inmates, guards, medical staff, etc. And no...nobody has ever escaped from prison and killed again...no...that wouldn't happen. emoticon_rolleyes
Prisons that are run well have neither inmates being killed nor inmates escaping. Presumably, the inmates that are so violent that they would be otherwise put on death row are the type of inmates that one would put in a maximum security prison - the ones that practice the most control.  Why bother?
With the death penalty, your not killing out of revenge. I do agree with the death penalty. I feel that the choice should be made by the court. If the crime is bad enough, it is a punishment. I don't want a first degree murderer to just go to jail, them come right back into civilization for him to cause more havoc. A good example is Saddam Hussien. He killed thousands of his own people while testing his own biological weapons, and it took forever to get his punishment.
Why bother keeping any dangerous criminal alive - shoot them all !!! emoticon_rolleyes   My policy is not to kill unless you have to. Killing out of revenge is something that we should avoid as a society if we want to stay civilized.  What's the difference between killing out of revenge and sticking in a hole and throwing away the key out of revenge? I suppose the death part....but does that make us "uncivilized"...I don't see how.
There are reasons for "sticking in a hole and throwing away the key" that are not out of revenge. For example, if the criminal was so very violent and unconvertable, then you would have to lock him away for life just to protect society. So far, we have no other means of stopping such an ultraviolent criminal.Sure we do...kill 'em!    That actually brings up an interesting issue. If, in the near or distant future, there was some sure-fire way to permanently make a very violent criminal passive and safe, then should we as a society allow criminals to volunteer for such procedures in exchange for either drastically reduced sentences or even immediate freedom? Part of this is the question of the purpose of punishment outside of its goal in changing the criminal himself. Anyway, that is a side issue but an interesting one I think.Consider the solution used in Cuckoo's Nest...frontal lobotomy....works every time. However, it's still cheaper to kill 'em!
There are reasons for "sticking in a hole and throwing away the key" that are not out of revenge. For example, if the criminal was so very violent and unconvertable, then you would have to lock him away for life just to protect society. So far, we have no other means of stopping such an ultraviolent criminal. you can put him/her to death. That works. That would end all chances of him/her hurting society again.  That actually brings up an interesting issue. If, in the near or distant future, there was some sure-fire way to permanently make a very violent criminal passive and safe, then should we as a society allow criminals to volunteer for such procedures in exchange for either drastically reduced sentences or even immediate freedom? Part of this is the question of the purpose of punishment outside of its goal in changing the criminal himself. Anyway, that is a side issue but an interesting one I think.part of punishment is an actual punishment....a revenge...or a "payback". A speeding ticket, for example, is not corrective nor does it just pay for the time spent for the officer to do his job...it is a high amount made to punish you for breaking a rule. I suppose the hope is for you to watch your speed next time but this isn't a sure way of doing it.
My post to Steeeve (that this was a response to) was about life-without-parole being used for non-vengeance reasons. If you don't NEED to kill criminals to protect society, why kill them? I believe that societies should punish criminals to the degree that they have to based on sound rational reasons. Why go overboard if you don't have to? We don't NEED many of our punishments...but they are there for revenge and/or payback to society.
Prisons that are run well have neither inmates being killed nor inmates escaping. Presumably, the inmates that are so violent that they would be otherwise put on death row are the type of inmates that one would put in a maximum security prison - the ones that practice the most control.  Are you serious? Regardless of how "well" a prison is run, guards; medical staff; visitors; and other inmates all too often become victims of violent crimes...even in maximum security prisons. Haven't you ever seen any of the Discovery Channel expose's about maximum security prisons? There is no perfect prison, no perfect level of security, no guarantees of safety. Maximum security prison is a dangerous and violent place in spite of the controls in place. Maximum security, death row, administrative segregation...all have had incidents of violent assault, murder, etc. The only place that an inmate has never left their confines and assaulted or killed someone is the graveyard. These are facts...regardless of your stance on the death penalty.
The purpose of punishment in the case of the ticket is for some level of suffering to be inflicted on the perpetrator so that, next time he thinks about speeding, he might think about his previous experience of suffering and not repeat the crime. That is one of the main purposes of any punishment. It is part of how human beings learn proper behavior from the age of one until they die. Another way is to learn from other's mistakes (i.e. the deterent factor).  The punishment also lets you and everyone know that the crime is not dealt with. Like you said...it makes you suffer a little...that is revenge no matter how you look at it.   We NEED to inflict punishments in order for our society to properly function since, without rules or any enforcement of rules through such punishment, our societies would become chaotic and the playground of the ruthless - which is something I think we all want to avoid. Punishment is needed, so I fully support punishing criminals for their wrongdoing to the degree that societies need to punish. What determines that need? 1. The need to keep society safe from a criminal via encarceration balanced with the rights of the criminal against excessive punishment (ex. if you execute a pickpocket or give him life imprisonment, then you would have one less thief to worry about but I think we agree that that would be excessive). 2. Punishment to teach the criminal a lesson so that he will not repeat the crime. 3. Punishment as a deterent for others.  Does society NEED the vengeance of capitol punishment? What does vengeance accomplish on a societal level?It lets you know that certain crimes mean you loss the ultimate right. You can't get much worse than a death penalty.
Is it vengeance when a parent imposes punishments on their children when they misbehave? Parents know that if the child suffered no negative consequences for their actions then the child will not learn the lesson. Negative consequences require some level of suffering - anything from being deprived of a desired possession to spankings - i.e. pain. Similarly, one of the reasons societies punish criminals is to teach them a lesson. Other reasons involve protecting society from them and using their punishment as a deterrent to others. You imply that punishment is automatically vengeance. I disagree and I think my example of the parent punishing the child proves it. Why is it that nothing is vengeance until it reaches the level of the death penalty? Why is the death penalty so different for you? Could a parent not punish their child out of an act of revenge, rather than to teach a lesson? Sure they could. Again, the whole argument between punishment and vengeance hinges on the motivation used in determining the severity of the punishment weighed against the severity and mitigating factors of the crime.
If a punishment is imposed beyond what is necessary, then one has to question the motives behind that punishment. In death penalty cases, vengeance is one obvious motive.   If a parent severely beats a child for a small infraction, then one also can question the motives behind that punishment. Perhaps some bad parents do view punishment as vengeance. Other bad parents take out their day's frustrations on their helpless kids. However, most parents don't impose punishments that go way overboard so their motives are not questioned. Similarly, if societies do not impose punishments that are seen as going way overboard, then their motives would also not be questioned. It is mainly a matter of degree. It's a matter of perspective, not degree. Many people find some crimes heinous enough to warrent the death penalty. Until the majority of our society views it differently, I suspect the death penalty will remain a viable option when a crime meets the mitigating circumstances set forth by the state. I still contend that vengeance is something that only those personally affected by the crime can seek. 12 uninterested and personally unaffected individuals simply apply a state sanctioned punishment that the majority of our society views as acceptable and appropriate.
It lets you know that certain crimes mean you loss the ultimate right. You can't get much worse than a death penalty.  Oh there are about a hundred things I can think of that make the death penalty look like a day in the park. It's just that stupid cruel and unusual ban on punishments that stop their enactment.  The penalty is by far to lenient. I say we add some Geneva Pact violating torture to the mix.
Nope. There really isn't.  100%  so thats quite contradictory to me... you would allow a law that killls millions of innocent babies a year  and  get rid of a law that rightly carries out the law... wierd sounds like a liberal to me.
To determine whether or not a particular punishment goes overboard, one can analyze the goals of that punishment and whether the same goals could be accomplished with lesser punishment. What do you view as the goals of capital punishment that cannot be accomplished by, say, a life sentence without parole?  Who said we have to have goals to punish someone? Punishment is given as a penalty for commision of a crime, not to provide an opportunity. While some criminals can potentially be rehabilitated, those that we send to death row go there because they are beyond the point of safe return. I see no other goal with these people than quickly and efficiently applying the state sanctioned punishment issued to them by a jury of their peers in a court of law.
To determine whether or not a particular punishment goes overboard, one can analyze the goals of that punishment and whether the same goals could be accomplished with lesser punishment. What do you view as the goals of capital punishment that cannot be accomplished by, say, a life sentence without parole?  1. A dead criminal isn't a threat to fellow inmates. 2. A dead criminal doesn't need to be guarded. 3. A dead criminal doesn't need to be fed. 4. A dead criminal doesn't need medical treatment. 5. A dead criminal doesn't need to be housed. 6. A dead criminal doesn't need clothing. 7. A dead criminal doesn't need a lawyer.  want more?
 The rest of your points (2 through 7) all seem to deal with the fact that you would not want to spend any money on such an inmate.  There's a problem here. It costs more to house, fed and care for a death row inmate then it does for a life in prison after the legal costs. So if someone cared more about money then the life of the prisoner (as I do), they'd be aganist the current form of the penalty in America.
Your point 1 can be handled by a lesser sentence of life without parole if the inmate is treated with enough control in a maximum security prison. I believe that most murders in prison occur in maximum security prisons, so just how much control do you expect?  The rest of your points (2 through 7) all seem to deal with the fact that you would not want to spend any money on such an inmate. So you value money more than you value their lives. I consider that pretty coldly barbaric but that is a judgement call. I value a death row criminal's life at less than the value of the electricity needed to fry him. Next question.  Heck, if you don't value human lives over money, you could kill off welfare bums, criminals of all strains, etc. Why stop at murderers?  Building a strawman now, are we? I'm specifically discussing an inmate on death row. Please try to stay focused.  Also, if others were willing to pay the bill (or even the inmate himself), then your points 2 through 7 would be irrelevant. OK. Fine. I will pay no more than the cost of a bullet, if you want them to stay in prison, you pay the bills and make sure that they never get out or commit any crimes while in prison. If you can guarantee that, then I'll change my opinion and become anti-death penalty. Unfortunately, I live in the real world and know that life in prison doesn't mean what it used to. One escapee committing murder or killing a guard while incarcerated is one too many, IMO.
There's a problem here. It costs more to house, fed and care for a death row inmate then it does for a life in prison after the legal costs. So if someone cared more about money then the life of the prisoner (as I do), they'd be aganist the current form of the penalty in America.  I think that the death sentence should be used more sparingly and carried out much sooner. If there are 20 witnesses to a murder, thew guy should be dead inside of a year, IMO. emoticon_xkill
I think that the death sentence should be used more sparingly and carried out much sooner. If there are 20 witnesses to a murder, thew guy should be dead inside of a year, IMO. emoticon_xkill  It shouldn't even be used as a punishment. It should be used as a tool to remove those who cannot be rehabiliated. The supreme court stated there is no evidence that the penalty works as a deterrent. That coupled with its insane costs and the whole beyond any doubt makes it unfeasible. If a prisoner will not and cannot act in a reasonable manner and is a constant threat to others over a long period of them, and cannot be rehabiliated, they should be eliminated.
You mean to tell me that you would deny a woman's right to her own body for a zygote, yet you have no problem murdering real human beings? Sounds like a conservative to me...  You mean to tell me you would deny a life to be lived out and someone to get away with a harmful crime?? wow, sounds like a liberal to me..
if someone chopped off your best friends head right in front of you, would they be deserving of the death penalty?
if someone chopped off your best friends head right in front of you, would they be deserving of the death penalty?  No, they'd be deserving of a very long life of extreme pain. The death penalty is for babies. I say we torture.
I think it is obvious that we do things for a reason and that the laws we apply and the execution of those laws are done for reasons. Are you saying that there or no reasons for punishment? I suspect that you have reasons in mind. Please outline those reasons and state the reason for punishment that can only be accomplished with capital punishment. We have covered all of this before in case you forgot. Please see post #160 if unclear on my position. It is a waste of my time to type it all out again for you.
You can substitute "criminal" for a variety of other things, such as poor people, mentally retarted people, or any other minority you see fit.  Wow! You're sick. emoticon_wow
He said:  1. A dead criminal isn't a threat to fellow inmates. 2. A dead criminal doesn't need to be guarded. 3. A dead criminal doesn't need to be fed. 4. A dead criminal doesn't need medical treatment. 5. A dead criminal doesn't need to be housed. 6. A dead criminal doesn't need clothing. 7. A dead criminal doesn't need a lawyer.  want more?    ...and then you said: Your point 1 can be handled by a lesser sentence of life without parole if the inmate is treated with enough control in a maximum security prison.$$$$ spent without any return on investment.  ...and then you said:  The rest of your points (2 through 7) all seem to deal with the fact that you would not want to spend any money on such an inmate. So you value money more than you value their lives. I consider that pretty coldly barbaric but that is a judgement call. Heck, if you don't value human lives over money, you could kill off welfare bums, criminals of all strains, etc. Why stop at murderers? Also, if others were willing to pay the bill (or even the inmate himself), then your points 2 through 7 would be irrelevant.How much value was given by the criminal to the life of the innocent person s/he murdered? I'm aware of murders that have occurred after an argument over 50 cents, or a pair of freakin' tennis shoes, or a dime bag of mediocre pot. You seem to value the murderer's life more than the victim's.  As for the welfare bums and poor people, they have committed no crime. They are not subject to any punishment by law. The law is what gives them the socialized gifts that enable them to continue their lives as welfare bums. I'm all for taking away the massive benefits, but I can't extend punishment to someone who is merely taking advantage of the liberal give-away programs. If they murder someone...they should die.   ...and then this guy said: You can substitute "criminal" for a variety of other things, such as poor people, mentally retarted people, or any other minority you see fit.Same answer. Poor people, mentally retarded people and minorities have not necessarily committed any crimes deserving of death. Being poor is not a crime...murder is. Being retarded is not a crime...murder is. Being a minority is not a crime...murder is.
There are many reasons for punishing criminals - teaching them a lesson, protecting society from them, using their punishment as a deterrent for others. In the practice of the death penalty, vengeance seems to be part of the reason (which I am also hearing in your responses) and that is what started my entry into this debate. Specifically, I started off in this thread by stating that vengeance seems to be the main motivating force behind the death penalty and, even though I would probably also want vengeance if a loved one was murdered, I remain quite uncomfortable with our justice system being based on such base emotional reactions. Where do YOU draw the line between non-vengeful punishment and vengeful punishment? One might say that incarceration for any reason is vengeful. One might also say that making someone pay a fine is vengeful. Where do you draw the line? This argument for not having a death penalty could be extended to not having pumishment for any crime because there might be a touch of vengeance involved and don't want to appear to be vengeful.  Call it vengeance if you will...I call it making the punishment proportional to the crime.    So, the question remains, why kill them if you don't need to. I am hearing two answers from you: (1) vengeance (they are so bad that they deserve to die..an eye for an eye...) and (2) you don't want to pay for them. If you accept vengeance as a reason for punishment then I understand why you would support the death penalty. I just want people to admit that it is vengeance that they are seaking and not stay in a state of denial - which many supporters of capital punishment seem to be in. Otherwise, if it is only a matter that you don't want to pay for them, then I should mention that the average capital punishment criminal costs more all together than does a lifer. Also, many criminals condemned to death would be willing to pay or work their own way through a life sentence (to pay for their own costs) rather than be put to death - so the state would not need to pay for them. I listed a number of people that society doesn't want to pay for but does. One group of people that I included in that list, which you ignored, were those who committted lesser crimes - ex. assault, or rape, etc. Where do you draw the line on which criminals you are willing to pay for (instead of kill) and which you want to kill to save money?Strike out the vengeance argument because I don't consider being non-vengeful to be possible in distributing punishment. The money issue is valid.  ...and I would extend the death penalty to murderers, rapists, child molesters, traitors and possibly a few more. (Assault would not be one of them unless it caused death or was a sexual assault on a child.)
Though I understand the appeal of it and would probably even feel it myself if a loved one were killed, I would try to avoid punishment as vengeance for all crimes. There are certainly many other reasons for punishment other than vengeance. These include: 1. Teaching the criminal a lesson so that he does not punish again. Parents use punishments for children to teach them not to misbehave - that is not vengeance. Teaching the criminal a lesson is for a similar purpose - if one automatically attaches a particular type of suffering to a crime then people will not do the crime in order to avoid the suffering. In this case, one doesn't need to go overboard - just enough suffering to balance out the enticement of committing the crime.Since I am not related to any death-row-inmate's victims (of murder, rape, molestation), I do not classify my desire to see them dead as vengeance. I see it as an opportunity to rid the world of one sorry-assed bastard at a time. Many families of victims have exhibited no desire to have the perp killed. They want to perp to suffer in prison for the rest of his life. That is vengeance by my thinking. Still, my wish that they die is not automatically vengeance on my part. The perp did nothing directly to me.   2. Protecting society from the criminal through encarceration.Taking his life does a better job of it....forever!   3. Deterrent - others see someone punished for a crime so they might learn from that and avoid committing that crime themselves.This argument has been made for the death penalty also.   All of these are reasons that have nothing to do with vengeance....yet they can be applied to an argument in favor of the death penalty.    If you are speaking of an "eye for an eye" type of justice where the purpose of that punishment is to get the emotional satisfaction of seeing the criminal suffer, then that is indeed vengeance. If your purpose in that punishment is not to get that emotional satisfaction but for some other non-emotional reason (as with some of the ones I listed), then it might not be vengeance. However, then you would have to justify, using those reasons, why you would have to go all the way to capital punishment.Then if I don't get emotional about wanting to kill a killer, it's not vengeance? I can live with that.  The "eye for an eye" tag doesn't quite fit. I'm saying that the punishment for certain crimes should be death. An eye for an eye would imply that we should kill the murderers in the same manner they killed their victims, that we should rape the rapists and molest the molesters. I say we kill all three...painlessly and quickly. That's not "eye for eye".
Keep in mind that I'm not the one advocating the murder of living breathing human beings. You are.  I only advocating killing murderers. Do you have a problem with that? If so, would you let someone that broke into your house kill your relatives in front of you?
In your opinion. What if people thought that being mentally retarted or a minority is considered a crime deserving of death? The government should not posses the power to kill people as they wish. It is also not morally right to kill a human being unless you are in imminent danger. Otherwise, it would serve no purpose except fulfilling a basic human emotion, which is no reason to take a sentient human being's life away.  Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you Artie McStrawman.   We are discussing real criminals, found guilty of real crimes in a real court of law by a real jury. We are not discussing hypothetical people with rediculous hypothetical beliefs. Jeez, what do you think this is, the abortion forum?
Why do you think that it is only vengeance if it DIRECTLY affects you? If I heard of an innocent stranger being brutally killed, I might want to see the perpetrator suffer because of the suffering of the victim - that is VENGEANCE pure and simple. If you insist upon labeling it vengeance, so be it. I prefer not to as I am using the "punishment inflicted in retaliation for an injury or offense" definition which I infer to mean an injury or offense committed against the vengeful party. Technically, you are not incorrect.    So, you would impose the death penalty because of the very small chance that such a criminal could escape from a maximum security prison or murder a guard? As I remember, you also would allow for no appeal and would extend the death penalty to all murders. Since there are many people sentenced for murder that are actually innocent (~10% who were sentenced to death who were proved innocent in appeal), you would be causing a lot more innocent deaths than you would be saving.IIRC, the first appeal is automatic for a death sentence. I can live with one appeal, automatic or not. I disagree that additional appeals should be considered. As for the execution of innocent convicted killers (rapists, child-molesters) I could be really hard-hearted and say it's just collateral damage...something I could live with. On the other hand, I might also agree to a program whereby questionable cases could be reviewed or maybe even excluded from the death-row purging process, leaving only those who clearly did commit the crime to be killed.    But the statistics don't support the idea that the death penalty is any more effective as a deterrent than is a life sentence. Indeed, the states with the death penalty on average have a higher per capita murder rate than those without - suggesting that other factors (economy, etc.) play a much larger role. It seems that those that would be deterred by fear of punishment are already deterred by the threat of a life sentence.Statistics can be presented to bolster either side of this issue. I've seen papers presenting both sides.  Another reason that any deterrent may be ocassionally ineffective in stopping a crime is that most criminals are likely not considering the punishment at the time of the crime. In the case of premeditated murder, they've likely thought of and dismissed it, thinking they're not to be caught or convicted.  This brings up a possibility of my relenting on the execution of rapists and molesters. If they know they'll die if caught, they'll likely kill more rape victims and children. Murderers however, have already done the deed.    An "eye for an eye" should not be taken completely literally. It basically means an approach which trades suffering for suffering - which is an approach for vengeance.It appears to imply that the suffering of the perp should match the suffering of the victim. Live by the sword...die by the sword. Rather than vengeance, I would call it "just deserts".
IIRC, the first appeal is automatic for a death sentence. I can live with one appeal, automatic or not.   Just out of curosity, how long would this appeal last? The rate of exonerations from life to death row in the US is about 1-2 a month for the past 30 or so years due to changing evidence, witness confessions of false testimonies or changing memories, the changes within the law to raise the standard of evidence and DNA tech. Without the changes innocent people would have been executed or spent their lives in jail without commiting a crime. Now, some people argue for expedient trials, how do they, assuming you believe that too, get around history which has shown innovation or other changes freeing innocent people? If we kill them fast, we may be killing innocent people that could have been freed with the birth of a new technology.
Just out of curosity, how long would this appeal last? The rate of exonerations from life to death row in the US is about 1-2 a month for the past 30 or so years due to changing evidence, witness confessions of false testimonies or changing memories, the changes within the law to raise the standard of evidence and DNA tech. Without the changes innocent people would have been executed or spent their lives in jail without commiting a crime. Now, some people argue for expedient trials, how do they, assuming you believe that too, get around history which has shown innovation or other changes freeing innocent people? If we kill them fast, we may be killing innocent people that could have been freed with the birth of a new technology.Judge Roy Bean might hang them right after the first trial.  Wrongful conviction based on claimed innocence being the only plea, I'd be willing to give them five years to come up with enough evidence to convince three members in a blind-reponse, five judge review that they should be given another full scale trial. If convicted in the second trial...out the back door to the gallows.
Just out of curosity, how long would this appeal last? The rate of exonerations from life to death row in the US is about 1-2 a month for the past 30 or so years due to changing evidence, witness confessions of false testimonies or changing memories, the changes within the law to raise the standard of evidence and DNA tech. Without the changes innocent people would have been executed or spent their lives in jail without commiting a crime. So what are you saying, the current system of appeals does it's job?    Now, some people argue for expedient trials, how do they, assuming you believe that too, get around history which has shown innovation or other changes freeing innocent people? If we kill them fast, we may be killing innocent people that could have been freed with the birth of a new technology. So are you saying we should keep people alive indefinately since there may be this "unknown technology" available in the future that could get a few people out of murder raps? IMHO, if we have the confidence in our system to throw someone in a cage for the rest of their natural life we should have the same confidence to put someone to death. Of course they should be given the fair avenue of the appeals process, but this process needs to be a little more realistic. Funny how the lawyer for the defense always seems to be adequate until the defendant is convicted...then he is turned into a bumbling fool. This is the kind of XXXX that we need to eliminate from the appeals process. New evidence of innocence is one thing, but the majority of the appeals that are presented in death cases are rediculous delay tactics. I agree with the above post. 5 years is more than enough time to gather and present "new" evidence. And I also full well agree, if found guilty by a second jury in a second trial, next stop....execution chamber.
Wrongful conviction based on claimed innocence being the only plea, I'd be willing to give them five years to come up with enough evidence to convince three members in a blind-reponse, five judge review that they should be given another full scale trial. If convicted in the second trial...out the back door to the gallows.  So if on the day after the 5th year the actual killer confesses, would it still be okay that you executed a innocent man?   This is why I'm aganist the penalty as punishment. Everyday something new happens that could easily free a innocent person. Not to mention there are thousands of lawyers and people out there working to prove the innocence of thousands behind bars. Just because they ran out of time on the 5 years is pretty brutal.   We should execute convicts who cannot be rehabiliated and are threats to others as proven over signifcent periods of time. Not punishment, but elimination of problems to society.
So what are you saying, the current system of appeals does it's job?  Hardly. The entire justice system is pretty screwed up. Sure it's better then Saudi Arabia or Iran or other Middle Eastern nations where they grab shumcks of the street, torture them until they give false confessions and then execute them, but it's not the best.   So are you saying we should keep people alive indefinately since there may be this "unknown technology" available in the future that could get a few people out of murder raps?  No, I'm saying we should execute problem convicts that cannot be rehabiliated and are threats to society over a long period of time. I have a entirely different view as to what the goal of capital punishment should be. You kind of get that after reading several of the major death penalty cases as well as researching the financials.   IMHO, if we have the confidence in our system to throw someone in a cage for the rest of their natural life we should have the same confidence to put someone to death.  That's silly. The requirements for life are vastly lower then the requirments for death. There's a reason why the costs for death are hugely more then life in prison: they deal with the trial costs to absolutely prove that the accused did the crime. It's bad enough we already have a number of executed innocents, lowering the bar for proof is going to expand that number significently.  New evidence of innocence is one thing, but the majority of the appeals that are presented in death cases are rediculous delay tactics. I agree with the above post. 5 years is more than enough time to gather and present "new" evidence. And I also full well agree, if found guilty by a second jury in a second trial, next stop....execution chamber.  DNA tech was in its infancy in the mid 70s and only really took off during the 90s. So that's around 15 or so years, ten more then your allocated time. If the basic mechanism for providing new evidence takes time, shouldn't we consider that in deciding how long before we kill them?
Hardly. The entire justice system is pretty screwed up. Sure it's better then Saudi Arabia or Iran or other Middle Eastern nations where they grab shumcks of the street, torture them until they give false confessions and then execute them, but it's not the best.  I agree, our justice system is screwed up. However, the vast majority of the anti-death penalty crowd simply states that they want to abolish the death penalty. They mention nothing about fixing the broken system. It's like throwing the baby out with the dirty bath water to me. No justice system is perfect as we are not omniscient, however as a society we should strive to make our system as fail-safe as we can. Perhaps when the anti-crowd overwhelmingly calls for total reform, I might lend a little credence to their argument. Until then, I remain unmoved by their cries of "innocent people" being put to death. They seem to have no problem sentencing people to LWOP. All I ask for is a little consistency in their argument.  No, I'm saying we should execute problem convicts that cannot be rehabiliated and are threats to society over a long period of time. I have a entirely different view as to what the goal of capital punishment should be. You kind of get that after reading several of the major death penalty cases as well as researching the financials.  I always thought the "goal" of the death penalty was to execute those found guilty of especially heinous crimes that met the mitigating factors required for a death sentence. Given the high recidivisim rate of child molesters (many of whom go on to molest again or even kill children), I would think that you would agree that the majority of them should be executed? And for the record, financials are not important to me when considering any sentence, including death.  That's silly. The requirements for life are vastly lower then the requirments for death. There's a reason why the costs for death are hugely more then life in prison: they deal with the trial costs to absolutely prove that the accused did the crime.  Right. So are you saying that we are probably more sure about death penalty cases than we are about LWOP cases? In that case, I don't think we should be sentencing anyone to LWOP.  DNA tech was in its infancy in the mid 70s and only really took off during the 90s. So that's around 15 or so years, ten more then your allocated time. If the basic mechanism for providing new evidence takes time, shouldn't we consider that in deciding how long before we kill them? I'm not talking about the mid 70's - the 90's. I am talking about our modern day system. Until we come up with some sort of human tracking device or implanted chips that can tell us what someone was doing every day of their life, I think we have assured just about the highest level of accuracy we can. A little faith in the system, after all, it is good enough to sentence someone to LWOP. In for a penny, in for a pound.
So if on the day after the 5th year the actual killer confesses, would it still be okay that you executed a innocent man?Not if it hasn't been done by then. It would take some time to arrange...likely more than a day.  Of course I see your point. What if the killer confesses after 50 years? Same thing. The person having been convicted of a crime punishable by death and subsequently sentenced to death should be put to death. Either do that or do away with the law that says that death is the proper penalty to pay for the crime. The few cases that convict innocent people are becoming even fewer. I'd not lose any sleep over collateral damage.    This is why I'm against the penalty as punishment. Everyday something new happens that could easily free an innocent person. Not to mention there are thousands of lawyers and people out there working to prove the innocence of thousands behind bars. Just because they ran out of time on the 5 years is pretty brutal. So would you want to give them 10, 15, 25 or maybe even 100 years to come up with some new evidence? If so, you should not even sentence them to death.    We should execute convicts who cannot be rehabiliated and are threats to others as proven over significant periods of time. Not punishment, but elimination of problems to society.I'm glad to see that you at least see the death penalty viable in this one case. However, the qualifications you give for a candidate for execution would likely apply to more convicts than are already on death row. I take it you have never been inside a real hard-core prison.
Not if it hasn't been done by then. It would take some time to arrange...likely more than a day.  So if you are willing to make extensions, why even bother with a set date?  Of course I see your point. What if the killer confesses after 50 years? Same thing. The person having been convicted of a crime punishable by death and subsequently sentenced to death should be put to death. Either do that or do away with the law that says that death is the proper penalty to pay for the crime. The few cases that convict innocent people are becoming even fewer. I'd not lose any sleep over collateral damage.  Few? Few? 1-2 released per month since 1970s is not a FEW. 360 to 720. That's NOT A FEW.   So would you want to give them 10, 15, 25 or maybe even 100 years to come up with some new evidence? If so, you should not even sentence them to death.  You're getting the point.   I'm glad to see that you at least see the death penalty viable in this one case. However, the qualifications you give for a candidate for execution would likely apply to more convicts than are already on death row. I take it you have never been inside a real hard-core prison.  Many death row are in isolation. Not exactly a big threat eh? Plus many of the hardcore prisoners are a result of poor funding or profit based prisons. One should earn the penalty in prison, not before it.
I agree, our justice system is screwed up. However, the vast majority of the anti-death penalty crowd simply states that they want to abolish the death penalty. They mention nothing about fixing the broken system. It's like throwing the baby out with the dirty bath water to me. No justice system is perfect as we are not omniscient, however as a society we should strive to make our system as fail-safe as we can.  So how about we stop a penalty that has executed innocents? I'm more aganist the penalty because it costs so damn much over life.   Perhaps when the anti-crowd overwhelmingly calls for total reform, I might lend a little credence to their argument. Until then, I remain unmoved by their cries of "innocent people" being put to death. They seem to have no problem sentencing people to LWOP. All I ask for is a little consistency in their argument.  LWOP can be reversed. The death penalty cannot. There's alot more work on freeing death row over LWOP because LWOP has time.   I always thought the "goal" of the death penalty was to execute those found guilty of especially heinous crimes that met the mitigating factors required for a death sentence.  Actually the stated goal by many proponents is that it acts a deterrent. Essentially punishment is a deterrence. Problem is the Supreme Court stated the penalty is not a deterrent.  Given the high recidivisim rate of child molesters (many of whom go on to molest again or even kill children), I would think that you would agree that the majority of them should be executed?  No, just stick them in prisons. Child Molester have a high morality rate inside prison. Why have the state spend money to kill them when other prisoners will do the job for free?  And for the record, financials are not important to me when considering any sentence, including death.  Well, $1 billions, especially when it comes primarily out of county coffers (who never budget for it) is pretty damn important, especially when you consider what they have to cut to fund these cases. I'd rather have the county spend $150,000 on education in low income that helps prevent crime or on more cops then spend it to prove a guy shoud be executed. But I like prevention over damage control.   Right. So are you saying that we are probably more sure about death penalty cases than we are about LWOP cases? In that case, I don't think we should be sentencing anyone to LWOP.  No, we just spend more money to make us think we are more sure. Whether or not we are is something entirely different. Even though the requirements are higher, it doesn't actually MEAN we are proving it. Juries are notorious for ignoring specific information and guidelines. That's kind of a part of the broken system. A jury of your peers is often a jury of ignorant, biased XXXXXX. Merck is a example of this where the jury admitted to ignoring scientific evidence of what the drug didn't do just because they wanted to punish Merck. That's a broken system if you ask me.   I'm not talking about the mid 70's - the 90's. I am talking about our modern day system.  So am I. my point was that a mechanism for proving innocences takes time to be viable. Limiting appeals and shortening executions will almost invariably result in many innocents being killed before tech comes around to free them.   Until we come up with some sort of human tracking device or implanted chips that can tell us what someone was doing every day of their life  well that would be beyond fascist...  I think we have assured just about the highest level of accuracy we can. A little faith in the system, after all, it is good enough to sentence someone to LWOP. In for a penny, in for a pound.  We can at the moment. As I have made my point, that changes.
So how about we stop a penalty that has executed innocents? I'm more aganist the penalty because it costs so damn much over life.  But it should not have to be like this. Eliminate the rediculous appeals, only admitting those based on substantial evidence that can change the outcome of the case. This alone will save vast amounts of money if you are concerned with that. Like I said, money is not a factor for me when it comes to punishment.  LWOP can be reversed. The death penalty cannot. There's alot more work on freeing death row over LWOP because LWOP has time.  The death penalty can be reversed. That's why there is an appeals process. What can not be reversed is the actual execution itself, but the condemned is given plenty of oppotunities to prove their innocence before they are executed. Given the scrutiny of death penalty cases, it seems that we would be more likely to lock someone up for life in prison and never uncover their innocence than we are to execute an innocent person. I don't call it collateral damage like Jim does, since I feel that this shows a general attitude of indifference that we cannot have when it comes to the death penalty. However, I do not see any moral difference in locking up an innocent person for 60 year or executing an innocent person. Again, consistency.   Actually the stated goal by many proponents is that it acts a deterrent. Essentially punishment is a deterrence. Problem is the Supreme Court stated the penalty is not a deterrent. Just because the supreme court issues an opinion on a subject does not make it fact, it is just that...an opinion. And how exactly do you measure deterrence? How are you going to know if detterence actually works, when the whole point of deterrence is that it prevents someone from doing the crime in the first place?   No, just stick them in prisons. Child Molester have a high morality (I take it you meant mortality) rate inside prison. Why have the state spend money to kill them when other prisoners will do the job for free? Oh...so it's ok that they get murdered, but it's not ok to implement a lawful prescribed punishment? Listen up AO, there's the difference between vengeance and punishment.   Again, money is not an issue for me when it comes to punishing a criminal, regardless of what that punishment is. I'm willing to have my tax dollars go towards executing those found guilty of crimes and given the death penalty.  Well, $1 billions, especially when it comes primarily out of county coffers (who never budget for it) is pretty damn important, especially when you consider what they have to cut to fund these cases. I'd rather have the county spend $150,000 on education in low income that helps prevent crime or on more cops then spend it to prove a guy shoud be executed. But I like prevention over damage control. Seperate issues. Sure, I support education, job training, crime prevention, and programs to keep people from going down the criminal path. But once they go down that criminal path, I am also willing to spend the money to punish them, even if that punishment is death.   No, we just spend more money to make us think we are more sure. Whether or not we are is something entirely different. Even though the requirements are higher, it doesn't actually MEAN we are proving it. Juries are notorious for ignoring specific information and guidelines. That's kind of a part of the broken system. A jury of your peers is often a jury of ignorant, biased XXXXXX. Merck is a example of this where the jury admitted to ignoring scientific evidence of what the drug didn't do just because they wanted to punish Merck. That's a broken system if you ask me.  Again, I find no moral difference in locking an innocent up for life or executing an innocent. People use the argument that we should not execute people based on the possibility that they may be innocent, but they could care less if we lock someone up for life who may be innocent. Mistakes can be made both ways, and go uncorrected until the accused dies. Yet anti's continue to call for an end to the death penalty due to the possibility of these mistakes, gloss over the fact that we could just as easily lock an innocent someone up for life, and don't call for or initiate any plans to fix the system in the first place. Sad.   So am I. my point was that a mechanism for proving innocences takes time to be viable. Limiting appeals and shortening executions will almost invariably result in many innocents being killed before tech comes around to free them.  What other tech? DNA evidence can be evaluated thoroughly in a few days. If you know of some other secret technology in development that could be used to determine guilt or innocence, speak up now. 5 years is way more than enough to gather evidence and make arguments based on said evidence.  well that would be beyond fascist... Absolutely.  We can at the moment. As I have made my point, that changes. Huh?
So if you are willing to make extensions, why even bother with a set date?I didn't promote extensions. I merely said we could give the convicted perp five years to come up with evidence of innocence...then we schedule and carry out the execution. It might take a few days, weeks or maybe months to arrange.    Few? Few? 1-2 released per month since 1970s is not a FEW. 360 to 720. That's NOT A FEW.Are those death row inmates or just inmates?     You're getting the point. I already understand your position. I just don't quite agree with it. I'm saying if we have laws that call for the death of certain criminals let's kill 'em and be done with their cost.    Many death row are in isolation. Not exactly a big threat eh? ...and that's expensive.   Plus many of the hardcore prisoners are a result of poor funding or profit based prisons. Please explain and support that. Are you saying we could possibly rid ourselves of a great number of hardcore criminals by throwing money at the prison system?  One should earn the penalty in prison, not before it.???
But it should not have to be like this. Eliminate the rediculous appeals, only admitting those based on substantial evidence that can change the outcome of the case. This alone will save vast amounts of money if you are concerned with that. Like I said, money is not a factor for me when it comes to punishment.  Seeing as our system is already broken as it is, doesn't it conclude that reducing the time in a broken system to possibly fix things would result in more innocents being convicted? There are plenty of cases where a innmate was convicted on a sole testimony and only after a huge amount of time passed did the testifier change their story and the innmate was let go. Granted that has changed in terms of requirements but you get the point. A broken system can be mitigated by giving the convicted time to at least try to prove their innocences.  The death penalty can be reversed. That's why there is an appeals process. What can not be reversed is the actual execution itself, but the condemned is given plenty of oppotunities to prove their innocence before they are executed. Given the scrutiny of death penalty cases, it seems that we would be more likely to lock someone up for life in prison and never uncover their innocence than we are to execute an innocent person.  Yes and no. Gregg vs. Georgia and Furman Vs. Georgia kind of refute that argument as the justices's opinion argues aganist just that. Some states like California that is true where the state provides huge resources and mandatory appeals, but other states are not like that, Pre-Ryan Illionis for example. As for the life, I disagree, we don't uncover LWOP as much because fewer people are working on it. That guy is going to be there for a long, long time. Death isn't as time friendly.  I don't call it collateral damage like Jim does, since I feel that this shows a general attitude of indifference that we cannot have when it comes to the death penalty. However, I do not see any moral difference in locking up an innocent person for 60 year or executing an innocent person. Again, consistency.  Jim is also a Fascist. You'd expect that. I don't see the point of providing luxuries to innmates in life or death lockups for what they did, that seems pretty damn inconsistant. If I had my way, we'd have no death penalty except for rare cases, and have time in prison be cruel and usual with regular torture. Something kind of like the systems in Saudi Arabia and Iran with a way out of the torture part for showing real rehabiliation. That way inmates would have a HUGE incentive to rehabiliate and not go back to prison. Well, you could rehabiliate and become a successful member of society or you could face torture on a weekly basis. Incentives are the path to controlling human behavior.   Just because the supreme court issues an opinion on a subject does not make it fact, it is just that...an opinion.  True, but it does lend a huge amount of evidence towards that notion.   And how exactly do you measure deterrence? How are you going to know if detterence actually works, when the whole point of deterrence is that it prevents someone from doing the crime in the first place?  First of all, a dead man fears nothing. That's not a deterrence. Second of all, most of these kind of crimes are crimes done without thinking, bank robberies gone wrong. They didn't PLAN on killing someone. It just happened. The idea of the penalty is not in their mind. Now actual planning is something entirely different. We'd have to have something like a minority report to know just how many of those were planned and then stopped due to the potential punishments. Still, given how few of those there are, it doesn't seem likely that they are high in number. If you're serious about killing someone, you're going to do it law or no law.  Oh...so it's ok that they get murdered, but it's not ok to implement a lawful prescribed punishment? Listen up AO, there's the difference between vengeance and punishment.  Not to many. The penalty is seen as vengence, why do they let families of the victims watch?   Seperate issues. Sure, I support education, job training, crime prevention, and programs to keep people from going down the criminal path. But once they go down that criminal path, I am also willing to spend the money to punish them, even if that punishment is death.  And what if the money that is spent to kill these people is directly taken from crime prevention?  If you spend $1 million to kill someone, but that million comes from a program that stops tens of kids from going down in the first place, have you actually done a productive thing? Killing one man, but letting 10 more become murders is counterproductive. This is why the money matters.   Sad.  Agreed, I just don't share their beliefs as to why the penalty should be stopped. It should be stopped and then reformed in to something useful.   What other tech? DNA evidence can be evaluated thoroughly in a few days.  If only that was true. There are a few labs in the US capable of doing this on the level law enforcement requires. These labs are also backed up by several years. Many DA's offices are limited to submitting only a few samples a month to these labs. It can be months, even years before results are sent back. The obvious solution is to expand the labs, but that isn't happening.
I didn't promote extensions. I merely said we could give the convicted perp five years to come up with evidence of innocence...then we schedule and carry out the execution. It might take a few days, weeks or maybe months to arrange.  So it's 5 years + however long it requires to actually do the execution? Alright, so what if the accuser admits their claim was false the day after execution?   Are those death row inmates or just inmates?  LWOP and Death Row. I don't know what's the breakdown, but as snakespit has stated, there's not a dime's difference in moral consistancy between the two. Both result in the same outcome.  I already understand your position. I just don't quite agree with it. I'm saying if we have laws that call for the death of certain criminals let's kill 'em and be done with their cost.  Except we have to prove they are innocent, that's not easy.   ...and that's expensive.  Still cheaper over all to throw them away for life then executing them.  Please explain and support that. Are you saying we could possibly rid ourselves of a great number of hardcore criminals by throwing money at the prison system?  Not quite. Many hardcore prisoners are a result of bad prisons. Crowding leads to violence and prison itself is not a happy place as many of the prisoners are hardcore in the first place. To survive one has to become very, very hardcore. It's a simple fact of prison life. The weak do not survive. Poorely run prisons that are poorely funded only exacerbate this problem. Another solution is stop jailing non-violent drug users who apparently from the stats are the reason for the overcrowding. Reduce overcrowing, reduce the ratio of guards per prisoners, reduce the chances of violence. The necessity of becomming a hardcore prisoner to survive decreases. Profit based prisons are just poorely run with few guards and poorely trained ones at that. I remember last year a privately run prison had a week long prison breakout where one of the guards was captured and then murdered by a prisoner. They had a ratio of like 75 prisoners to 1 guard who had virtually no training. That's ASKING for disaster.   ???  if one cannot be rehabiliated in prison, they should be eliminated.
...    ...    Jim is also a Fascist. You'd expect that. I don't see the point of providing luxuries to innmates in life or death lockups for what they did, that seems pretty damn inconsistant. If I had my way, we'd have no death penalty except for rare cases, and have time in prison be cruel and usual with regular torture. Something kind of like the systems in Saudi Arabia and Iran with a way out of the torture part for showing real rehabiliation. That way inmates would have a HUGE incentive to rehabiliate and not go back to prison. Well, you could rehabiliate and become a successful member of society or you could face torture on a weekly basis. Incentives are the path to controlling human behavior.Careful, child. You've blindly followed the misguidings of the smug, know-it-all, been-there-done-that, cyber genius daewoo who knows nothing more about me than I've printed on 4forums. A common error in logic is to say: "Fascists wear red hats. Jim has a red hat. Jim is a Fascist!"  You're almost as bad as that sniveling parrot ShadowPekinese puppy...rewording attacks made by others and pretending to have original thoughts.  Keep the arguments logical and you'll remain worth fooling with.  Maybe I misread what you said above, but it appears you favor torture. Isn't that a cruel and inhuman thing to do? After all, the person you're torturing may actually be innocent. I believe it would less cruel to kill him...painlessly.    ...      ...     ....  So it's 5 years + however long it requires to actually do the execution? Alright, so what if the accuser admits their claim was false the day after execution? That's the argument you use to extend 5 years to life. There will be occasional false convictions...for all crimes, not just murder. We don't need to fix the punishment system...we need to fix the conviction system.    LWOP and Death Row. I don't know what's the breakdown, but as snakespit has stated, there's not a dime's difference in moral consistancy between the two. Both result in the same outcome.Then both should be afforded the same endless string of appeals because we could have been wrong in convicting them?    Except we have to prove they are innocent, that's not easy. No. They have to prove that there's reasonable doubt that they are truly guilty.    Still cheaper over all to throw them away for life then executing them.After they are sentenced to death, it is cheaper to kill them than to guard, feed, clothe, medicate and entertain them.    Not quite. Many hardcore prisoners are a result of bad prisons. Crowding leads to violence and prison itself is not a happy place as many of the prisoners are hardcore in the first place. To survive one has to become very, very hardcore. It's a simple fact of prison life. The weak do not survive. Poorely run prisons that are poorely funded only exacerbate this problem. Another solution is stop jailing non-violent drug users who apparently from the stats are the reason for the overcrowding. Reduce overcrowing, reduce the ratio of guards per prisoners, reduce the chances of violence. The necessity of becomming a hardcore prisoner to survive decreases. Profit based prisons are just poorely run with few guards and poorely trained ones at that. I remember last year a privately run prison had a week long prison breakout where one of the guards was captured and then murdered by a prisoner. They had a ratio of like 75 prisoners to 1 guard who had virtually no training. That's ASKING for disaster. Legalization or at least decriminalization of recreational drugs would likely help...but this won't happen because it is such a cash cow for the establishment that "protects" us from those who use them.    if one cannot be rehabiliated in prison, they should be eliminated....and who will decide whether they have been rehabilitated or not? Shall we just trust them all to say they've changed? What is to keep the apparently rehabilitated criminal from changing his mind and killing someone a day after he's released?  What percentage of violent criminals do you think are incorrigible? What percentage of them should be eliminated? Again, I think you have come up with a set of criminals deserving of death and that set is larger than the current set of death-row inmates.  I think maybe you are laboring under the misapprehension that prisons can be morphed into halfway house with an input of criminals and an output of law-abiding citizens.
Keep the arguments logical and you'll remain worth fooling with.  Your arrogance is beyond comprehension.  Maybe I misread what you said above, but it appears you favor torture. Isn't that a cruel and inhuman thing to do? After all, the person you're torturing may actually be innocent. I believe it would less cruel to kill him...painlessly.  Torture is not death. Furthermore, torture would be applied to basically every prisoner. And that is a seperate issue, specifically the weakness of the prison system in providing things that shouldn't be provided. I never saw death is a punishment. It is a release from suffering, if a person was convicted of a crime, they should suffer for it.   That's the argument you use to extend 5 years to life. There will be occasional false convictions...for all crimes, not just murder. We don't need to fix the punishment system...we need to fix the conviction system.  That I agree with. But as that's not likely to occur, we fix what we can.  Then both should be afforded the same endless string of appeals because we could have been wrong in convicting them?  If we cannot remove the death penalty yes. Futhermore life is prison without parole can ask for another appeal if they have new evidence.   No. They have to prove that there's reasonable doubt that they are truly guilty.  Not for the death penalty. It is beyond a shadow of a doubt. If there is any shadow of doubt the judge tells the jury they should go life in prison.  After they are sentenced to death, it is cheaper to kill them than to guard, feed, clothe, medicate and entertain them.  True, but you cannot ignore the trial costs.   Legalization or at least decriminalization of recreational drugs would likely help...but this won't happen because it is such a cash cow for the establishment that "protects" us from those who use them.  Welcome to America, where the gov't screws everyone.   and who will decide whether they have been rehabilitated or not? Shall we just trust them all to say they've changed? What is to keep the apparently rehabilitated criminal from changing his mind and killing someone a day after he's released?  What percentage of violent criminals do you think are incorrigible? What percentage of them should be eliminated? Again, I think you have come up with a set of criminals deserving of death and that set is larger than the current set of death-row inmates.  I think maybe you are laboring under the misapprehension that prisons can be morphed into halfway house with an input of criminals and an output of law-abiding citizens.  Oh I don't think everyone can be rehabiliated. And some people should be thrown away without being executed. However, there are prisoners who do fit the bill.
Your arrogance is beyond comprehension.What is incomprehensible is your willingness to jump on a false logic bandwagon with the other misguided followers of the pseudo-intellect...daewoo.    Torture is not death. Furthermore, torture would be applied to basically every prisoner. Now THAT sounds like what a Nazi would enjoy. Jesus!  And that is a seperate issue, specifically the weakness of the prison system in providing things that shouldn't be provided. I can think of a few things that I believe the prisons should not provide to convicts. What is on your list?  I never saw death is a punishment. It is a release from suffering, if a person was convicted of a crime, they should suffer for it. Hence your willingness to torture all prisoners...guilty or not.    That I agree with. But as that's not likely to occur, we fix what we can.All it takes is money and a viable plan.    If we cannot remove the death penalty yes. If enough voters say so, the death penalty will disappear...then the highly paid defenders of capital crime perps will have to find another way to 'earn' their millions.    Futhermore life is prison without parole can ask for another appeal if they have new evidence. ???    Not for the death penalty. It is beyond a shadow of a doubt. If there is any shadow of doubt the judge tells the jury they should go life in prison.There's actually a move on now to reduce the number of jurors required to vote for the death penalty...to make it 10 out of 12 or something like that.    True, but you cannot ignore the trial costs.Your solution of pumping money into prison construction is also costly.     ...    Oh I don't think everyone can be rehabiliated. And some people should be thrown away without being executed. However, there are prisoners who do fit the bill.Please explain "thrown away without being executed". You've already claimed that those who are unable to be rehabilitated should be killed. I'm thinking you want those who can be rehabilitated to be released back into society to make more room in the prisons...or do you want to torture them every day until they die? What is the third category to which these "throw aways" belong?
Jim is also a Fascist. You'd expect that. I don't see the point of providing luxuries to innmates in life or death lockups for what they did, that seems pretty damn inconsistant. If I had my way, we'd have no death penalty except for rare cases, and have time in prison be cruel and usual with regular torture. Something kind of like the systems in Saudi Arabia and Iran with a way out of the torture part for showing real rehabiliation. That way inmates would have a HUGE incentive to rehabiliate and not go back to prison. Well, you could rehabiliate and become a successful member of society or you could face torture on a weekly basis. Incentives are the path to controlling human behavior.   I'm done debating a serious topic with someone who is openly and unabashedly advocating torture. You argue that we could potentially execute an innocent person, yet it seems as if you would have no problem torturing that same person for the rest of their life. Thankfully we have laws against cruel and unusual punishment.   You sicken me.
I'm done debating a serious topic with someone who is openly and unabashedly advocating torture.  I'm not a liberal, despite the various republicans here trying to cast me as one.   You argue that we could potentially execute an innocent person, yet it seems as if you would have no problem torturing that same person for the rest of their life.  Torture in the aspect of how we should do is wouldn't kill them. And it would be a deterrent, unlike the penalty. Furthermore, one could get out of torture by showing good behavior which a innocent person who commited no crime would do. Therefore the torture system would only apply to the actual guilty.   Thankfully we have laws against cruel and unusual punishment.  Which therefore make prison weak. And look what we get with that. Our prison system like the judicial system is broken. Now I don't suggest we do what Muslim Nations do, but the prison system is WAY too relaxed.  You sicken me.  Again, I'm not a liberal. This isn't a problem for me. Besides, you and I agree with alot on other subjects.
What is incomprehensible is your willingness to jump on a false logic bandwagon with the other misguided followers of the pseudo-intellect...daewoo.  Your arrogance knows no bounds.  Now THAT sounds like what a Nazi would enjoy. Jesus!  Hardly. Nazis tortured and killed people because they enjoyed it. Torture here would serve as a deterrent. If you knew you'd get tortured in prison, would you commit a crime? Most likely not. If you'd knew you'd get tortured by the Nazis merely because they didn't like you...well you'd flee the country.   I can think of a few things that I believe the prisons should not provide to convicts. What is on your list?  TVs, decent food...etc. But one should be able to GET these privileges with good behavior linked to rehabiliation. Incentives.   Hence your willingness to torture all prisoners...guilty or not.  Never made sense to me why they should live essentially a life of leisure after committing a crime.   All it takes is money and a viable plan.  It would cost less money just not to jail non-violent drug users then it would to build new prisons to house them.   If enough voters say so, the death penalty will disappear...then the highly paid defenders of capital crime perps will have to find another way to 'earn' their millions.  That doesn't follow. Most death row innmates were poor in the first (hence the crime that lead to the trial). Usually it's public defenders who are doing the job and they don't get anywhere near half of the salaries private attorneys get. And the few public defenders I know wouldn't want to do a death penalty case. Huge amount of time commitment. You don't see people able to pay such attorneys in such trials.   ???  A innmate can request another appeal if they can provide significent new evidence. These evidence has to be sent though before the appeal is allowed to judge it is valid or useful.   There's actually a move on now to reduce the number of jurors required to vote for the death penalty...to make it 10 out of 12 or something like that  That's a bad idea. It is easier to convince more people of a crime then it is of less. Proving to 24 different people that someone did do the crime is a feat close to removing all doubt.   Your solution of pumping money into prison construction is also costly.   Well my first alternative is the cheapest to just not jail non-vio drug users. but that's not going to happen. Therefore that doesn't leave much alteratives does it? Furthermore the status quo is hardly acceptable. Overcrowdings, escapes, guard murders....  Please explain "thrown away without being executed". You've already claimed that those who are unable to be rehabilitated should be killed.  Just because you can be rehabiliated, the crime you may have done may have been so henius that society demands your removal, but not death. Some people will fit into that.   I'm thinking you want those who can be rehabilitated to be released back into society to make more room in the prisons...or do you want to torture them every day until they die?  Not everyday. That's expensive. Maybe once or twice a week tops. So instead of walking about the field for a couple hours, you get a hour of torture. You want to release rehabiliated prisoners into society so they can be a benefit to society instead of a drain.
I'm not a liberal, despite the various republicans here trying to cast me as one.  I never mentioned your political affiliation. What in the world does this have to do with the argument?  Torture in the aspect of how we should do is wouldn't kill them. And it would be a deterrent, unlike the penalty. Furthermore, one could get out of torture by showing good behavior which a innocent person who commited no crime would do. Therefore the torture system would only apply to the actual guilty.  This is a rediculous argument. I'm talking about the reality of an accepted punishment, and you are bringing up a fictional torture system which is illegal and would have a snowballs chance in hell of gaining acceptance in the US. I guess you ran out of logical and sensible arguments.    Which therefore make prison weak. And look what we get with that. Our prison system like the judicial system is broken. Now I don't suggest we do what Muslim Nations do, but the prison system is WAY too relaxed. Way too relaxed? Apparently, you have a very misguided idea of what prison is really like. The places that house the "hardcore" element that we are talking about in this thread are not summer camps. Reality is that maximum security prisons are harsh and dangerous places both for inmates and staff alike.   Again, I'm not a liberal. This isn't a problem for me. Besides, you and I agree with alot on other subjects. And again, I do not recall mentioning or asking about your political affiliations. I could care less what subjects we agree upon or disagree upon, this debate is about the death penalty, not torture.   Torture of convicted felons in the US and those who advocate such sicken me.
I never mentioned your political affiliation. What in the world does this have to do with the argument?  I typically run into people who cast people into categories based on their affiliation. They tend to not know what to do when they find someone like me.   This is a rediculous argument. I'm talking about the reality of an accepted punishment, and you are bringing up a fictional torture system which is illegal and would have a snowballs chance in hell of gaining acceptance in the US. I guess you ran out of logical and sensible arguments.   No, I realize that the system is broken and nothing is going to change, we're still going to be executing innocent people and spending millions when we shouldn't and jailing hundreds of thousands of non-vio drug users. There's not much of value to discuss how to seriously change something when as you said, there's a snowball's change in hell of things changing. Therefore I speculate as to what could make things better even if I know they will never happen.   Way too relaxed? Apparently, you have a very misguided idea of what prison is really like. The places that house the "hardcore" element that we are talking about in this thread are not summer camps. Reality is that maximum security prisons are harsh and dangerous places both for inmates and staff alike.  Relaxed in that prisoners are allowed tvs, magazines and other 'luxuries' they shouldn't have. I already discussed the problem of how prison overcrowding is a massive problem with Jim. I'm not under the impression that they are sitting around in spas. Prison is a terrible place, but it's not doing its job in America.   Torture of convicted felons in the US and those who advocate such sicken me.  Not my problem.
I typically run into people who cast people into categories based on their affiliation. They tend to not know what to do when they find someone like me.  I did not do that...so move on.   No, I realize that the system is broken and nothing is going to change, we're still going to be executing innocent people and spending millions when we shouldn't and jailing hundreds of thousands of non-vio drug users. There's not much of value to discuss how to seriously change something when as you said, there's a snowball's change in hell of things changing. Therefore I speculate as to what could make things better even if I know they will never happen.  The non-violent drug users are another issue, this thread and our discussion have been focused on the DP...try to keep up. And no, I said "I'm talking about the reality of an accepted punishment, and you are bringing up a fictional torture system which is illegal and would have a snowballs chance in hell of gaining acceptance in the US." Real change is possible, at least with people who approach the issue logically and with purpose...something you seem unwilling to do. Speculate all you want, but to me it just looks like a distraction technique.   Relaxed in that prisoners are allowed tvs, magazines and other 'luxuries' they shouldn't have. I already discussed the problem of how prison overcrowding is a massive problem with Jim. I'm not under the impression that they are sitting around in spas. Prison is a terrible place, but it's not doing its job in America.  Have you ever actually thought about what it would be like to be locked in a cage 23 hours a day? Well, prisoners have plenty of time to think about it. Ask anyone who is or has been a CO in a max. sec., ad. seg, or even close sec. prison and they will tell you that it is absolutely vital that the prisoners are given some outlets of entertainment. Just like lifting weights is a great way for prisoners to find something to focus their time, energy, aggression and mind on. Think of it in terms of basic dog psychology. If you scatter a few chewy toys around the house when you leave Fido alone, Fido is less likely to eat the coffee table out of bordom. Same applies with prisoners. If you place a few distractions around them, they are less likely to engage in destructive behavior.   Not my problem. Aye...'tis not. Just as it is not my problem when certain people advocate draconian goose-stepping ideas such as torturing prisoners. I guess we all have our crosses to bear.
The non-violent drug users are another issue, this thread and our discussion have been focused on the DP...try to keep up.  It's taken a few detors.   And no, I said "I'm talking about the reality of an accepted punishment, and you are bringing up a fictional torture system which is illegal and would have a snowballs chance in hell of gaining acceptance in the US."  True, but at the same time there's a snow ball's chance that anything is going to change in the prison system or judicial anyways. So while we're discussing things that won't happen, can we talk about getting ponies too?   Real change is possible, at least with people who approach the issue logically and with purpose...something you seem unwilling to do.  I used to do this, but then I understood just how slow change can be and just how anti many people are towards it. Call me a realist, I have made peace with the fact that the system is broken and is going to stay broken despite our best tries.   Speculate all you want, but to me it just looks like a distraction technique.  The same can be said for discussing changes to a system that will never happen.   Same applies with prisoners. If you place a few distractions around them, they are less likely to engage in destructive behavior.  Then perhaps we should change these distractions in favor of education and skills programs and I can't believe I'm saying this, religion programs. Some states like Texas and Lousiana have strong religious programs that have been proven to reduce the rebounding of criminals. I'm all for discussing real changes I just don't see them ever occuring on a scale that would make a difference.   Aye...'tis not. Just as it is not my problem when certain people advocate draconian goose-stepping ideas such as torturing prisoners. I guess we all have our crosses to bear.  I won't disagree with the statement I'm a drac.
It's taken a few detors.   True, but at the same time there's a snow ball's chance that anything is going to change in the prison system or judicial anyways. So while we're discussing things that won't happen, can we talk about getting ponies too?   I used to do this, but then I understood just how slow change can be and just how anti many people are towards it. Call me a realist, I have made peace with the fact that the system is broken and is going to stay broken despite our best tries.   The same can be said for discussing changes to a system that will never happen.  Yawn.    Then perhaps we should change these distractions in favor of education and skills programs and I can't believe I'm saying this, religion programs. Some states like Texas and Lousiana have strong religious programs that have been proven to reduce the rebounding of criminals. I'm all for discussing real changes I just don't see them ever occuring on a scale that would make a difference.  Ok, great...give them education, job skills, religious programs, but only up until 5PM, because that is when we should start the nightly torture session right? emoticon_rolleyes While I agree that these programs are a great thing to some inmates, they are not suited for every inmate. They are especially not suited for the crowd that this discussion has been focused on...those on death row and those with a sentence of LWOP. This group of people by definition of sentence will never or should never get out of prison. Education, job skills, and religious programs aimed at reducing recidivism are not applicable to those who will not leave prison alive or without handcuffs and shackles.   And it is curious how you use Texas as an example of programs that reduce recidivism, when Texas executes more people each year than the rest of the states combined.
Yawn.  Good you get it. There's not much to discuss about a system that will not change. Yawn. Percisely.  Ok, great...give them education, job skills, religious programs, but only up until 5PM, because that is when we should start the nightly torture session right? emoticon_rolleyes  Not necessarily. Torture isn't going to happen. That's part of the pony area of the discussion. I can say whatever I want there because it's not going to happen.   While I agree that these programs are a great thing to some inmates, they are not suited for every inmate. They are especially not suited for the crowd that this discussion has been focused on...those on death row and those with a sentence of LWOP.   I do have a question, what percent of the prison population is either deathrow or LWOP?   This group of people by definition of sentence will never or should never get out of prison. Education, job skills, and religious programs aimed at reducing recidivism are not applicable to those who will not leave prison alive or without handcuffs and shackles.  So what should we in reality do with these people?   And it is curious how you use Texas as an example of programs that reduce recidivism, when Texas executes more people each year than the rest of the states combined.  It was just one of the states I remembered that was using such a program.
Good you get it. There's not much to discuss about a system that will not change. Yawn. Percisely. Not quite. My yawn was more directed at the fact that you seem to have nothing of substance to say anymore about the actual topic of this thread. That yawn.   Not necessarily. Torture isn't going to happen. That's part of the pony area of the discussion. I can say whatever I want there because it's not going to happen.  No kidding.   I do have a question, what percent of the prison population is either deathrow or LWOP?  I have no idea. If you find it pertinent to the discussion, look it up.   So what should we in reality do with these people?  Those with sentences of LWOP should be kept in prison under lock and key for life. Those with death sentences should be executed. I thought the titles of LWOP and death gave it away...silly me.
Not quite. My yawn was more directed at the fact that you seem to have nothing of substance to say anymore about the actual topic of this thread. That yawn.  There wasn't much substance in the first place. Seeing my views on how things won't change, it makes sense I wouldn't add to the already lacking substance.   No kidding.  I'd like a pony too!  Those with sentences of LWOP should be kept in prison under lock and key for life. Those with death sentences should be executed. I thought the titles of LWOP and death gave it away...silly me.  I meant under how things could change for the better.
I meant under how things could change for the better. 1. Execute those given the death penalty. Many people argue that the death penalty is not a detterence. While I believe that it has some value as a detterent, I would wager that it is not near what it could be. We have all talked about it in here in various parts of this thread. Too many people sit on death row without the fear of actually being executed. The death penalty will mean very little to people unless we actually use it in the manner prescribed. I would fear the death penalty very little in my home state due to the fact that it has only been used 3 times since 1976, and 228 inmates currently reside on death row. Texas, I would be shaking in my boots.   Some interesting statistics:  Total number of people on death row Oct. 2006: 3,344  Total number of people executed in 2006: 53  Total number of people executed since 1976: 1065  Texas accounts for nearly half of all executions in the US each year.  Pennsylvania has executed 3 people since 1976, while currently having a death row population of 228. I believe the last execution in PA took place in 1998, almost 10 years ago.  California has executed 13 people since 1976, while currently having a death row population of 657.  Texas has executed 386 inmates since 1976, approximately 4 times the next highest total (Virginia).  2. Expand the death penalty to include more people guilty of heinous violent crimes.   3. Eliminate the rediculous appeals that have no new evidence lending to the innocence of the convicted. This only serves to delay the just and prescribed punishment, and wastes taxpayer money.   4. Anyone awarded a second trial who is found guilty a second time should be executed the same day as the verdict.
So these changes would serve to largely reduce costs?   Would it actually act as a deterrent is question? The changes you suggest aren't all that significent outside of the trials. What makes you think they will instill a fear in a person who commits a crime without thinking of the consequences at the time they commit the crime? If we cannot change that, the penalty is not a deterrent and the only real changes we could do would be to the cost structure.
Can anyone respond to 278 and 279?  I'm being slightly humourous and slightly not. It's in the fantasy section, it won't happen, therefore I can talk about anything!
So these changes would serve to largely reduce costs?  Yes, they would.  Would it actually act as a deterrent is question? Perhaps. But again, how do you measure deterrence?   The changes you suggest aren't all that significent outside of the trials. Is your alarm on? Expanding the death penalty to a larger class of criminals, eliminating frivolous appeals without merit, and actually executing the people on death row don't seem significant to you?    What makes you think they will instill a fear in a person who commits a crime without thinking of the consequences at the time they commit the crime? If we cannot change that, the penalty is not a deterrent and the only real changes we could do would be to the cost structure.  A person who commits a crime without thinking of the consequences is by definition not affected by a deterrent. For deterrence to work, it actually must stop someone from committing the crime. That is rather hard to measure as it is easy to know when someone had committed a crime, and rather difficult to tell when someone has not committed a crime out of fear of punishment. If you have found a quantitative way of measuring deterrence, by all means share it with the class.   Deterrence is not the only reason I support the death penalty.
Is prison intended as rehabilitation, removal from society, both? LWOP is, like I've said before (IMHO) "cruel and unusual". If someone's freedom is deemed to be so dangerous they have to be locked away for the rest of their natural life w/out ever the possibility of release, at that point it's simply malicious and cruel to keep them alive for the sake of their "suffering". Kill 'em if they're that horrible. There's no reason for LWOP other than to (attempt) to assuage the anger of the victims or their families by willfully doing one's best to keep someone from dying under the care of the State; all so that they'll be around for years and years to come, leaving one able to sit back on warm evenings by the fire, and wonder who's buttraping Johnny Murderer tonight. Ahh, it must give a warm feeling in the gut to know that the person who caused you so much pain and grief is now "suffering" so mightily. I'm more of a quick, 3-bullets-in-the-heart kinda guy. I don't want any more suffering doled out in the name of Justice. Hang 'em, if that's what they prefer. But don't feed them and offset their medical care for the sole purpose of making me feel somehow better about my loss. I'm not that kind of person. It wouldn't help.
emoticon_wow   So the U.S. is more evil for dropping a bomb on Japan, and it was, what, more ethical for Russia to test one on their own citizens? Give me a break.  Logic on your first post? You won't last long here. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xgood
Is prison intended as rehabilitation, removal from society, both?How about punishment? I don't think it is cruel and unsual to punish someone for a crime they have committed. They probably didn't think it was cruel or unusual to commit that crime, so if the punishment is only as terrible as the crime, then for that particular person, it is neither cruel nor unusual.
Punishment is not cruel and unusual. The issue is the form that punishment takes, not whether or not it is exacted.ok, but isn't cruel and unusual relative to an individual? If someone is a serial killer, tortures his victims without blinking an eye, for days before he kills them, then for that person, torture for days is neither cruel nor unusual. So how could LWOP be cruel and unusual?
ok, but isn't cruel and unusual relative to an individual? If someone is a serial killer, tortures his victims without blinking an eye, for days before he kills them, then for that person, torture for days is neither cruel nor unusual. So how could LWOP be cruel and unusual?Not agreeing with your opposition here, but it seems possible that the serial killer could very well know that he/she was inflicting cruel and unusual punishment in the torturing of the victim. He/she just might like being cruel and unusual. A person who gains delight from being cruel must know when they are being cruel.
The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else. In prison, the criminal could a) kill another inmate, 2) kill a guard, 3) escape and kill a civilian, 4) have their sentence commuted and get out to commit another crime.  Quote: Would you agree if the death penalty was banned?  No, for the reasons stated above and one more. Some people don't deserve to live....like SH, for example. __________________   True , gang members put in prison often kill other opposing gang members in prison so that is true. They also get put in prison and are proud some of them , gang leaders consider it a mark of honor something some of them getting caught by the 'fuzz' and put in jail.     Who are we to decide who is to live? What makes us so much better? Hitler didnt deserve to live but that does not give us the right to kill him.   I agree with shooter and proud but hey heres a situation, why don't we give murderers fates to the ones most hurt by their crime, and rapists fates are decided by the ones t hey rape. They would know the best. IF the ones raped are too young such as under maybe 10 or are like seven or its a loved one and they can't seperate justice from love, then the case be decided by law.   Give them the chance to live in solitary confinement, give them the chance, we can always take it away. But those killed don't get no more chances. In prison if they do kill put them in confinement. Same with the others, if they are in solitary and they succeed in killing someone else , death penalty then fine.    But gang murders should be different, if someone is in jail for killing a gang member in a fight or something like that , it is murder but it isnt as open and as clear justice as it is if they shot a four year old in the head for being related to someone in an opposing gang. Then its wrong flat out, solitary or death penalty. Personally Id be for giving them death penalty for anyone who would do that. But I have two three year old cousins who I love to death and would kill anyone who harmed them so I do not want anyone to get away with killing kids. Child killers are some of the worst criminals there are.   So, in summary, you aren't against the death penalty on principle. You just want it used judiciously? Same here. Where we'll differ is in the details of what's judiciously.
Not if billy bob escapes than you have to wonder about it. But what if hes a murderer and you put him in jail then don't you want to worry about him killing you if he escapes? I would If you put it in the original context of what I was saying:  Of course there are valid reasons to punish someone.  1. Removal (sometimes permanently) from society of a dangerous element, thereby preventing further crime by the individual and protecting the rights/interests of society. (If Billy Bob spends th next 25 years in prison, then I don't have to wonder if Billy Bob is going to be stealing my car for the next 25 years)  This was a conversation about the reasons to punish people. It seems that you simply took a snippit of what I was saying, and responded to it without actually reading or comprehending the entire scope of what I was saying. Bad form. If you actually read all of the posts in this thread, you will find that I am an ardent supporter of the death penalty. As far as someone killing while in prison, or escaping and killing innocents, I have addressed this too, and have stated that this is part of the reason I support the death penalty.
I know you are an ardent supporter. In that case, I am not sure of the purpose of your post.
....... I can not add links at this moment But, For more information on Dennis Fritz and many issues in his book google me "barbara's journey toward justice'. Thank you for reading this and please visit my blog.  Are we allowed to join 4Forums to self-promote our products? If so, I have a new book about to hit the shelves. It's called..........emoticon_rolleyes
Hang him and be done with it.  If the Good Lord wishes to forgive him etc then sobeit he is quite capable of it.
Hundreds of prisoners in Italy serving life sentences want the death sentence reinstated. They apparently think that a life sentence is worse than death:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6707865.stm   Let's research the quality of there Prisons, cells, food, routines, and the prison lifestyle that these lifers find so difficult to endure and copy it here so our lifers suffer the same depth of despair and hopelesness. Lifers shouldn't have access to TV, Radio, Newspapers, or even interaction with other Prisoners. They should be in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day with access only to the religious book of their choice if they want one. Life for a convicted murderer should be so hard that they pray for death over living like that.  But coming from the Italian Prisoners, It's probably nothing more than reverse psychology to lay guilt on the Politicians for better living conditions. :xbanghead
Wow! So that's the view of someone who lives by the words of Christ. God help the rest of us.  What happened to forgiveness, tresting others as you would like to be treated yourself, etc, etc?  Ask yourself this smiley, who gets life without parole ? Mass muderers, first degree killers, pre meditated murderers, multiple offense Rapist/killers, Child abducter/rapist/murderers and convicted 3 strike violent felons. Are you telling me that brutally violent repeat offenders who get off on causing human misery deserve the comforts of home as punishment for commiting these heinous crimes ? You see, I firmly believe that men can commit such terrible crimes that they forfeit their rights to breathe our air any longer. But short of the death sentance, then yes, life without parole should be hard and no fun whatsoever, and I mean ever.
Although I agree that life imprisonment should be such, and that it should not be an easy life for those that are on it, you put yourself forward as a man of God who lives in the light blah blah blah.  I could quote the Bible endlessly with quotes that tell you that you should forgive those that have sinned, treat others as you would wish to be treated, love thy neighbour as thyself, but nowhere have I seen it say that you should love thy neighbour but only if it is convenient or unless they have done something wrong.  I just thought it worth mentioning.  Smiley  These are convicted murderers who have forfeited their rights be a part of Society. This isn't about fellowshiping with brothers or forgiving a neighbor for trespassing. How can you consider the two equal ? If my daughter was murdered, I would really try to forgive her killer. But I would stand up in Court and ask for the harshest punishment allowed by Law in order to protect other innocents from his violent tendancies. That action would be my expression of love for good and innocent people my friend. Murderers and rapists have forfeited their rights to recieve Societies love.  If the murderer humbles himself before the Lord of grace, he will be saved and forgiven by God. If you read back, you'll see that I said they should get the religious book of their choice if they ask. Let them seek forgiveness from He who can truly forgive, but according to the laws of man he has forfeited those rights when he stole life he couldn't return. And if you show me where the bible say's to let the murderer go free to kill again, or to treat them with respect and dignity, I'll quickly change my stance.  I thought our job was to keep them away from society, not brain damage them.   I didn't call for torture, just that they have none of the modern conveniences that make their lives pleasurable. Let them think about what they've done and maybe they'll repent for their sins and reach out to God in their hour of need.
Your own god-concept doesn't agree with you.    Your god sees no degree of sins. Shaving your beard, baby-rape, etc, are all punishable by death. That is, unless you repent. :xbanghead  Exactly, unless one repents. That is the key to salvation and repenting means to turn away from. Now post from the levitican law where convicted murderers are to be put to death if you want to tell the whole story. And is it possible to discuss any issue on any forum here without religion becoming the issue ? Are we not in the crime forum here ? But if you want to use the bible as evidence then let's go. But stay on track and deal with murderers.  Lev 24:17 'If a man takes the life of any human being, he shall surely be put to death.  Lev 24:21 'Thus the one who kills an animal shall make it good, but the one who kills a man shall be put to death.
 I was just wondering how you could have such a hateful view of those that have sinned, rather than trying to save their souls.   I don't have a hateful view of those who have just sinned at all smiley. My view is to make sure murderers never get to kill again. That child abductors, rapists and killers of their victims in order to hide their crimes, who are human predators and have forfeited their right to live in a civilized society actually suffer for their crimes against humanity. Do you find that prospect so repulsive ?   I actually endorse the death penalty for such criminals but if they must get life without parole then let it be hard and not just a new address to live comfortably within at the expense of the State. In other words, I'm for showing these violent predators the same mercy they showed their victims. They deserve nothing less. Now you can try to make this a debate on my personal faith. I'll go there too because the bible has been very clear on how killers should be treated according to the laws of god. It's hard to show love for society by allowing predators to exist within it.
You can repeat your prior post as many time as you like. It's obvious we will have to agree to disagree on this issue. But it's been nice responding to your single issue argument which is attacking my Christianity rather than the OP. emoticon_xgood
If there is something worse than the death penalty is to be in death row waiting and waiting and waiting ... this constitutes in my view cruelty in extreme.
I find it very hard to forgive people for committing such heinous crimes.  I am happy to let God decide when we send them to him
some crimes are unforgivable however one thing is justice and another cruel state administered vengeance
Archangel  In biblical lore, Mohammad, as escaped murderor with a bad temper, is the one chosen by God to deliver the 10 commandments to his people. Please take that in. A murderer is chosen to deliver the highest moral laws. Not a teacher, not a lawyer or judge, not the president. And, one who never serves out his deserved sentence. His friends tell him, "You better split before they come for you." And split he does.  Also, Jesus was unjustly imprisoned, unjustly tried, and unjustly executed. The legal system is profoundly called into question as a guideline for what is truly the best way of assess another person's character or need for their improvement.  And we are also bound by laws when imprisoning people not to inflict cruel or unusual punishment and to make every attempt to make an environment that leads to rehabilitation, and a factory for turning out repeat offending, which is what happens to most prisoners who go through the system. So, I'd guess that we don't need an example for better dehumanizing prisoners. We are doing 17 star hotel on that feature.  I'm not saying some people shouldn't be kept away from society. But the quality of our prisons are awful, and IMO, it would make far more sense to send most of these individuals to college instead. Cost a lot less in money and in stress to society overall. And probably give our econony a good kick in the butt.
Archangel  In biblical lore, Moses, as escaped murderor with a bad temper, is the one chosen by God to deliver the 10 commandments to his people. Please take that in. A murderer is chosen to deliver the highest moral laws. Not a teacher, not a lawyer or judge, not the president. And, one who never serves out his deserved sentence. His friends tell him, "You better split before they come for you." And split he does.  Also, Jesus was unjustly imprisoned, unjustly tried, and unjustly executed. The legal system is profoundly called into question as a guideline for what is truly the best way of assess another person's character or need for their improvement.  And we are also bound by laws when imprisoning people not to inflict cruel or unusual punishment and to make every attempt to make an environment that leads to rehabilitation, and not a factory for turning out repeat offending, which is what happens to most prisoners who go through the system. So, I'd guess that we don't need an example for better dehumanizing prisoners. We are doing 17 star hotel on that feature.  I'm not saying some people shouldn't be kept away from society. But the quality of our prisons are awful, and IMO, it would make far more sense to send most of these individuals to college instead. Cost a lot less in money and in stress to society overall. And probably give our econony a good kick in the butt.  ---------  Sorry for the double. The edit functions didn't work, so I had to post this twice to correct 2 items.
Gee I don't know about that college idea. Somehow I would rather that my doctor, or lawyer, or broker not be a former mugger, extortionist, arsonist, rapist, or killer! Not very much of a confidence builder!  People have done their time by then, haven't they? At least, that's supposed to be the idea. Besides, depending on your case, there might be advantages to having any of those above named professionals with personal experiences on the other side of some fences.   BTW, thanks for the advanced editing tip. I'll have to try that.
This is interesting, because I'm sure most of the death row inmates in the United States would rather serve life sentences. I wonder what lifers in other European nations are advocating? I don't know a great deal about the Italian corrections system, but I'm sure the underlying reasons relate specifically to imprisonment conditions. However, it could be a number of factors.  I don't know much about the Italian corrections system either, but I'll speculate that the U.S. is unique in the kind of horrible crimes that occur here. With the exception of war torn places, we live in a very violent society, compared to other nations.   It looks kind of fishy to me -- I mean, the man suggesting he be executed is an ex-mobster who got his high school diploma plus a law degree -- and is going to be released in another ten years (or thereabout)??? And when the Italian government is about to consider making 30 years the maximum sentence?  I don't they'd even be considering the 30 year max part if they had some of the kind of murders we have here.
Gee I don't know about that college idea. Somehow I would rather that my doctor, or lawyer, or broker not be a former mugger, extortionist, arsonist, rapist, or killer! Not very much of a confidence builder!  People have done their time by then, haven't they? At least, that's supposed to be the idea. Besides, depending on your case, there might be advantages to having any of those above named professionals with personal experiences on the other side of some fences.   BTW, thanks for the advanced editing tip. I'll have to try that.
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,280215,00.html  Anti-death penalty forces have gained momentum in the past few years, with a moratorium in Illinois, court disputes over lethal injection in more than a half-dozen states and progress toward outright abolishment in New Jersey.  The steady drumbeat of DNA exonerations - pointing out flaws in the justice system - has weighed against capital punishment. The moral opposition is loud, too, echoed in Europe and the rest of the industrialized world, where all but a few countries banned executions years ago.  What gets little notice, however, is a series of academic studies over the last half-dozen years that claim to settle a once hotly debated argument - whether the death penalty acts as a deterrent to murder. The analyses say yes. They count between three and 18 lives that would be saved by the execution of each convicted killer.  The reports have horrified death penalty opponents and several scientists, who vigorously question the data and its implications.  So far, the studies have had little impact on public policy. New Jersey's commission on the death penalty this year dismissed the body of knowledge on deterrence as "inconclusive."  But the ferocious argument in academic circles could eventually spread to a wider audience, as it has in the past.  "Science does really draw a conclusion. It did. There is no question about it," said Naci Mocan, an economics professor at the University of Colorado at Denver. "The conclusion is there is a deterrent effect."  A 2003 study he co-authored, and a 2006 study that re-examined the data, found that each execution results in five fewer homicides, and commuting a death sentence means five more homicides. "The results are robust, they don't really go away," he said. "I oppose the death penalty. But my results show that the death penalty (deters) - what am I going to do, hide them?"  Statistical studies like his are among a dozen papers since 2001 that capital punishment has deterrent effects. They all explore the same basic theory - if the cost of something (be it the purchase of an apple or the act of killing someone) becomes too high, people will change their behavior (forego apples or shy from murder).  To explore the question, they look at executions and homicides, by year and by state or county, trying to tease out the impact of the death penalty on homicides by accounting for other factors, such as unemployment data and per capita income, the probabilities of arrest and conviction, and more.  Among the conclusions:   Each execution deters an average of 18 murders, according to a 2003 nationwide study by professors at Emory University. (Other studies have estimated the deterred murders per execution at three, five and 14).   The Illinois moratorium on executions in 2000 led to 150 additional homicides over four years following, according to a 2006 study by professors at the University of Houston.   Speeding up executions would strengthen the deterrent effect. For every 2.75 years cut from time spent on death row, one murder would be prevented, according to a 2004 study by an Emory University professor.  In 2005, there were 16,692 cases of murder and nonnegligent manslaughter nationally. There were 60 executions.  The studies' conclusions drew a philosophical response from a well-known liberal law professor, University of Chicago's Cass Sunstein. A critic of the death penalty, in 2005 he co-authored a paper titled "Is capital punishment morally required?"  "If it's the case that executing murderers prevents the execution of innocents by murderers, then the moral evaluation is not simple," he told The Associated Press. "Abolitionists or others, like me, who are skeptical about the death penalty haven't given adequate consideration to the possibility that innocent life is saved by the death penalty."  Sunstein said that moral questions aside, the data needs more study.  Critics of the findings have been vociferous.  Some claim that the pro-deterrent studies made profound mistakes in their methodology, so their results are untrustworthy. Another critic argues that the studies wrongly count all homicides, rather than just those homicides where a conviction could bring the death penalty. And several argue that there are simply too few executions each year in the United States to make a judgment.  "We just don't have enough data to say anything," said Justin Wolfers, an economist at the Wharton School of Business who last year co-authored a sweeping critique of several studies, and said they were "flimsy" and appeared in "second-tier journals."  "This isn't left vs. right. This is a nerdy statistician saying it's too hard to tell," Wolfers said. "Within the advocacy community and legal scholars who are not as statistically adept, they will tell you it's still an open question. Among the small number of economists at leading universities whose bread and butter is statistical analysis, the argument is finished."  Several authors of the pro-deterrent reports said they welcome criticism in the interests of science, but said their work is being attacked by opponents of capital punishment for their findings, not their flaws.  "Instead of people sitting down and saying 'let's see what the data shows,' it's people sitting down and saying 'let's show this is wrong,'" said Paul Rubin, an economist and co-author of an Emory University study. "Some scientists are out seeking the truth, and some of them have a position they would like to defend."  The latest arguments replay a 1970s debate that had an impact far beyond academic circles.  Then, economist Isaac Ehrlich had also concluded that executions deterred future crimes. His 1975 report was the subject of mainstream news articles and public debate, and was cited in papers before the U.S. Supreme Court arguing for a reversal of the court's 1972 suspension of executions. (The court, in 1976, reinstated the death penalty.)  Ultimately, a panel was set up by the National Academy of Sciences which decided that Ehrlich's conclusions were flawed. But the new pro-deterrent studies haven't gotten that kind of scrutiny.  At least not yet. The academic debate, and the larger national argument about the death penalty itself - with questions about racial and economic disparities in its implementation - shows no signs of fading away.  Steven Shavell, a professor of law and economics at Harvard Law School and co-editor-in-chief of the American Law and Economics Review, said in an e-mail exchange that his journal intends to publish several articles on the statistical studies on deterrence in an upcoming issue
Even if the death penalty does decrease crime the error rate in capital cases is too great to tolerate in a civilized society. We make too many mistakes and execute too many who are not guilty.  Name 5 and provide the links.
Even if the death penalty does decrease crime the error rate in capital cases is too great to tolerate in a civilized society. We make too many mistakes and execute too many who are not guilty.  Considering the avg number of capital punishments a year is around 70..... think of the 4000 babies in the womb that arent guilty of any crimes that are everyday being slaughtered through abortion.....   Just putting some things in perspective for you......  Just as many people died in the world trade center attack on September 11th, thats how many babies die from abortion everyday in America....  There have been 2000 soldiers that have died in Iraq... thats only half the number of babies that die everyday from abortion on our own soil....  What a shame for the "land of the free" that has "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"...   THERE IS GENOCIDE HAPPENING AND NO ONE IS STANDING UP FOR THE TRUE INNOCENT AMONG US! in fact the ones against the death penalty ARE FOR ABORTION! Truly they are for the life of the innocent right.... ???? (said sarcatically)
Many economists are so obsessed with statistics that they lose sight of meaning. A study of cause and effect requires experimental design in which a single variable is manipulated or allowed to vary, correlational design can at best hint at relationships between variables, even when sophisticated factor analytic techniques are employed.  It appears that they have done just that. "To explore the question, they look at executions and homicides, by year and by state or county, trying to tease out the impact of the death penalty on homicides by accounting for other factors, such as unemployment data and per capita income, the probabilities of arrest and conviction, and more."  In this case what we have is a correlation, and the very likely possibility that a third, fourth or fifth factor results in both decreased murder rates and increased executions. Any statistician worth his salt knows about multivariate statistics and doesn't need to design an experiment with only ONE variable. With enough of a population size, you can check the effects of dozens of variables at once.   By the same logic many economists use, we could find any number of absurd things. For example there is a well known correlation between skyscraper construction and economic downturn, we could conclude from this that tall buildings depress economies and that recessions can be avoided if we disallow the construction of record-height buildings.  The other thing economists need to realise is that economic statistics are entirely historical, they provide empirical information about a particular group at a particular time, not universal truths about mankinds' behaviour in general. Even if we run an experimental design in the realm of human action showing X causes Y, differing social and cultural norms may result in the precise opposite effect at another period of time. So, the cavaet is "The death penalty is a deterrent in the USA TODAY!" I can live with that.emoticon_xgood
I'm afraid I have no examples, but isn't ONE too many? Exactly.  1 innocent person given a life term in prison is too many, but it happens. I would even be willing to bet that the margin for error is greater in non-death cases, due to the close scrutiny that death cases recieve. I am all for minimizing the chances that an innocent person is given the sentence, however I am not willing to throw out a useful and effective means of punishment simply because the system which issues it is somewhat flawed.    Problem is, everyone keeps talking about all of these innocent people that we have put to death, yet coming up with concrete examples seems to be a bit of a problem. Where is this massive horde of innocent people that have been put to death?   And by the way, are you chemist99a's other personality?
The problem is that once the prisoner is executed there is no reason whatsoever to examine his guilt or innocence. If he was innocent there is nothing to be done and nobody is interested in rocking the boat. If he was guilty there is also no interest.   That's why we hold the trial before the execution, not after.   What we do have is a number of cases which otherwise would have proceeded to execution except for last minute DNA evidence which proved exculpatory. Too many mistakes.  Wow, the system works. Almost executed is not the same thing as executed. And again, while i know it does happen from time to time, how many cases can you provide as examples where someone was sentenced to death, and later exhonerated from all charges? I bet not too many.   ~"We have executed too many innocent people in this country!"  *"Who?"  ~"Well, we almost executed them."  LOL, I love it. :)
Wait, so lemme get this straight. You think that we should cherish every single embryo out there even if it means denying a woman a right to her own body, but you have no trouble executing people that actually exist? Wow, you conservatives are very intelligent thinkers. How can I deny your impeccable logic?  You should read my 2nd comment i stated above.....
Considering the avg number of capital punishments a year is around 70..... think of the 4000 babies in the womb that arent guilty of any crimes that are everyday being slaughtered through abortion.....   Just putting some things in perspective for you......  Just as many people died in the world trade center attack on September 11th, thats how many babies die from abortion everyday in America....  There have been 2000 soldiers that have died in Iraq... thats only half the number of babies that die everyday from abortion on our own soil....  What a shame for the "land of the free" that has "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"...   THERE IS GENOCIDE HAPPENING AND NO ONE IS STANDING UP FOR THE TRUE INNOCENT AMONG US! in fact the ones against the death penalty ARE FOR ABORTION! Truly they are for the life of the innocent right.... ???? (said sarcatically)  just bumping this because it seems to have been overlooked...
There is an important point that hasn't been made here yet.  Namely, even if a particular punishment can be proven to reduce certain types of crimes, the punishment itself still has to be analyzed for the morality / ethics of its use. Reducing crime is not a sufficient reason to install a particular punishment. After all, in some repressive countries of this world (ex. in Saudi Arabia), people have their hands cut off if they steal. Certainly, that would reduce the amount of theft, but does that make the punishment right and moral? The bottom line is that reduction of crime (which still has yet to be fully proven for the death penalty) is not enough - the punishment has to be judged on its own merits and morality.  I would say that it has. It seems that there is still a majority in this country who is for the death penalty. Just because you do not agree with the penalty and do not find it to be a moral act does not mean that those of us who support it have not weighed the morality of the issue. Until majority opinion changes, I suspect the death penalty will continue to exist. I give it about 20 more years, as our country slides a little farther left each year.
Wait, so lemme get this straight. You think that we should cherish every single embryo out there even if it means denying a woman a right to her own body, but you have no trouble executing people that actually exist? Wow, you conservatives are very intelligent thinkers. How can I deny your impeccable logic?  You can't. Do you not understand the difference between punishing the guilty and not punishing the innocent? emoticon_confused
Here is a link about people who were released prior to the death penalty due to being shown to be innocent (124 people since 1973). It also lists at least seven people who were executed despite strong doubts about their guilt. Of course, it is difficult to officially prove innocence after death since there are no criminal court proceedings for the dead.  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=412&scid=6  So again, this points to the fact that the appeals system is effective at preventing "innocent" people from being executed? I had asked for 5 examples of innocent people who were executed. Chemist99a stated that "we execute too many innocent people". Someone has yet to give me 5 examples of innocents that we have executed.   And by the way: The information about the seven "potentially innocent" people that have been executed is quite laughable in some cases.
The web site which I referenced did site those eight cases that were executed despite strong doubts about their guilt. What specifically makes you think some of those cases are laughable? Also, what proof of innocence would be sufficient for you? Do you claim that there are trials for the dead that can officially determine innocence after execution? I have heard of no such trial. The DPIC is also a strongly biased anti-death penalty site. And yes, I saw the 8 "executed but possibly innocent", however I have still not been given 5 examples of innocents executed.   And no, I do not claim that there are trials that can determine innocence after execution...we hold those while they are alive, and before they are sentenced to death. In the absense of being able to examine all evidence, and hear all testimony in a death case, I am forced to defer to the decision of the jury who was presented with all the evidence and heard all of the testimony. I don't sit back and try to Monday morning QB death cases when I don't have all the facts.   Also, if I remember correctly, I believe you were in favor of executing almost immediately after sentence - which would have left those 124 innocent people dead (~10% of those executed, as I remember).  3. Eliminate the rediculous appeals that have no new evidence lending to the innocence of the convicted. This only serves to delay the just and prescribed punishment, and wastes taxpayer money.   4. Anyone awarded a second trial who is found guilty a second time should be executed the same day as the verdict.  Is that what you are referring to?
My main objection against the death penalty is that the major reason which I hear coming out of supporters is basically the desire for state sponsored vengeance. The reasons given most often for supporting the death penalty are emotional reasons of retribution for the heinous acts of the criminal. I continue to feel very uncomfortable basing a system of morality on vengeance.  How nice for you.   I look at it as punishment, not vengeance. And as for everyone's reasons for or against the death penalty...I could care less. I like to...wait for it...THINK FOR MYSELF, and I personally have no moral objection to punishing someone, even if that punishment is death.
I still don't see how you can be convinced that someone who was executed was innocent. You apparently only trust the judgement of the jury yet admit that there are no trials that can determine innocence after execution. Obviously, if someone were found innocent before execution, they would not be executed. I trust the jury, and the trial / appeals process that we use prior to execution (although the appeals process needs some streamlining). Why do we need trials after execution? Why do I need to be convinced at all? Why do I need to search for evidence of their innocence?   If they were convicted in a courtof law by a jury of their peers, so be it. They get a fair appeals process, and in most cases (unless you are in Texas or Florida) stand little chance of being executed any time soon anyway. Even in Texas the average time on death row is 10.26 years. If you can't get it together and cast some doubt on your conviction in that amount of time...too bad.     Really, what evidence are you looking for and, once again, what is it that you don't find reasonable in the arguements presented for those eight cases in the web site that I referenced. Is it that you automatically distrust everything in that web site because it is anti-death penalty Well, I don't distrust everything that I see on the DPIC website. I do however realize that with their anti-capitol punishment agenda that they tend to only present information and facts that coincide with their agenda, rather than those that go against them.  And what is it that I find laughable about some of the cases presented? Take the case of Cameron Willingham. Now listen, I'm sure that the Chicago Tribune has a well educated and experienced staff of criminal investigators and arson investigators, but I think I will stick with the boots on the ground. For the right amount of money, you can find people to say anything that you want them to say, just look at the Terri Schiavo case. Just because the Chicago Tribune finds some "expert" in the field of arson investigation who examines paper evidence and says their may be cause for doubt does not mean that the man was innocent. The evidence was enough to convince a jury, and every court of appeals that it was presented to. I am comfortable with that.    Date of Execution:  April 26, 2007  Offender:  Dickson, Ryan  Last Statement:  Yes, Sir I do. I'd like to say I love my mother, brother, sister, grandmother, cousins, and nieces, and my brothers and sisters I have never met. I do apologize to the Surace family. I am responsible for them losing their mother, their father, and their grandmother. I never meant for them to be taken. I am sorry for what I did and I take responsibility for what I did. That is all Warden.  http://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/stat/dicksonryanlast.htm Since many people seem concerned about innocent people being put to death, would anyone hear have a problem executing this one?
Do you disagree, though, that it is mainly retribution that you are looking for in supporting the death penalty? Yes...I do.
Yes! Murder is murder and those who execute the death penalty are murderers as well.  Not because it is state approved murder is moral.  THOU SHALL NOT KILL  Get yourself a newer Bible. It says "Thou shall not commit murder".emoticon_xkill
Thanks!  Execution of prisoners is murder, state sanctioned murder  murder: to intentionally kill a person  That's YOUR interpretation. Is every dead soldier in a war a murder victim whose killer should be prosecuted?
Get yourself a newer Bible. It says "Thou shall not commit murder".emoticon_xkill  Isn't it funny how it changes from 'thou shall not kill' to 'thou shall not commit murder' depending on the argument?
Thanks!  Execution of prisoners is murder, state sanctioned murder  murder: to intentionally kill a person   substitute or add 'Unlawfully' where you have put 'intentionally' then you might be more accurate and therefore make your first sentence irrelevant
Isn't it funny how it changes from 'thou shall not kill' to 'thou shall not commit murder' depending on the argument?  It's necessary when disengenuous people quote the Bible out of context to support their own agendas. :xcensored
execution of prisoners is lawful murder but murder nevertheless  No, murder is UNLAWFUL killing. Execution is lawful killing.
I have no problem with taking the life of someone that will harm people in the future. I don't look at it as punishment. I look at it as self defense. A person that harms people can't be placed with other people, that would be far more criminal than killing them.  If people are in prison to change. Placing a killing machine in with them would be nuts. There are people that enjoy hurting people. Their living is a direct threat to us and the ones we love. Defense is NEVER a crime.
murder  noun [C or U]  the crime of intentionally killing a person:  (Cambridge Dictionary)  to execute a prisoner is murder, for it is an intentional killing. It is State sanctioned murder. They make it legal that's all.  Merriam Webster disagrees with Cambridge:  1 : the crime of unlawfully killing a person especially with malice aforethought  As does Dictionary.com:  1. Law. the killing of another human being under conditions specifically covered in law. In the U.S., special statutory definitions include murder committed with malice aforethought, characterized by deliberation or premeditation or occurring during the commission of another serious crime, as robbery or arson (first-degree murder), and murder by intent but without deliberation or premeditation (second-degree murder).   As does American Heritage Dictionary:  The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice.   Interesingly, Cambridge Dictionary describes a murderer as  someone who illegally and intentionally kills another person  Since no one but a murderer can commit murder, it would necessarily follow that Cambridge Dictionary agrees with the other cited sources that murder is intentional and unlawful.    What if a State murders millions of people as during the Holocaust, is it legal?  No, because murder is, by definition, illegal.    if yes then why after the war the authors were also executed (murdered) by the occupying powers?  See above   why? because there is a moral law that says that murder is murder whether it is state sanctioned or not.  Using the same logic I could claim that robbery is robbery whether it is state sanctioned or not to avoid paying taxes. Precisely whose absolute moral truth do you claim? That of Islam which advocates the death of the infidel, or the Bible which justifies death for various crimes? Or do you possess your own set of golden tablets which allows you to decide issues on the basis or morality versus legality?   Technicalities will not save your a-s-s when the day of reckonning comes  Only if you come before Winston Smith in the afterlife. The odds are pretty good for those of other faiths.
if you had a brother in the military and a muslim chopped off his head with and axe by cutting it like he would a steak...... would that muslim be deserving of the death penalty??
It is correct that other dictionaries define murder as: The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice. The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice. The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice.  But you missed the point and the point is that what is legal today can be illegal tomorrow due to a change in circumstances such as in the case of the defeat of Germany and subsequent occupation by the Allies. What was lawful killing one day became murder tomorrow.  The only difference in killing by the state and killing by an individual is that the State killing is that one can not be punished and the other can.  However if there is God both in my opinion are contrary to His moral law and that moral law speaks to us thru our conscience.  Semantics and legal technicalities can not hide the crime and the State's crime is the most heinous for it is committed in cold blood and sometimes decades after the convicted man was imprisoned this constitutes in my view cruel and unfair punishment.  The moral law, speaking through my conscience has no problem with the death penalty. So presumably, God is telling us two separate things? Is your God right or is mine? How about Joe's God speaking through his conscience? What was God telling the axe murderer? Morality is individual and separate from legality. Eating pork is perfectly legal for all members of society and moral for the vast majority. For those strict adherants to Orthodoxy, the eating of pork is immoral. I would not have you use your morality to deprive me of bacon any more than I would allow your morality to serve as a litmus test to what is just for our society.  It is precisely because the moral law is subject to change that we have laws. What was immoral yesterday is moral today, and vice versa. A societies laws represent its collective view of what is right and what is wrong based upon the needs of the society and the individual. As such, there is nothing inherently immoral about deleting a member of society who has killed others. You remove the disease from the body politic.
Winston, your conscience is yours to cherish and love.  It does not necessarily agree with everyone else.   If you kill someone unlawfully that is murder.  If you execute someone, that is in accordance with the law hence not illegal and so not a crime hence not murder.  Holocaust comes under genocide
At one time the death penalty made sense and was in that respect moral. Today it makes no sense and is in that respect immoral.  Don't see the connections here. What is the 'no sense' ? and even if so why does that make it immoral ?
Winston  You are perfectly correct.  However they didn't win the war.
to execute somebody makes sense to you? then you are on the side of all murderers for I am sure to murder someone makes sense to them, otherwise why would they do it?  so what is your excuse to legally kill somebody?  Self protection
At one time the death penalty made sense and was in that respect moral. Today it makes no sense and is in that respect immoral.  It makes MORE sense now that one sentenced to life in prison almost never serves his whole sentence and recidivism rates are very high amongst criminals.
Yes many criminals revert to their previous behaviors when released. However you must narrow your focus here to people convicted of capital crimes. Do you know the recidivism rates for that select group?  It really doesn't matter. The reality is that the person is taking up space in a prison that could be used to house another criminal. But since he's there, the other criminal gets an "early out" and he's likely to commit more crimes. In reality, prison population is a zero sum game because nobody wants a new prison in their back yard (NIMBY principle). So, to incarcerate one, you have to let one out. If you're housing a lot of death row inmates, they can't house other criminals, so some are getting released too early and committing more crimes.
So because Germany lost the war, the Holocaust is a crime, but if it had won you would consider it OK? Do you have any sense of morality of what is wrong and what is right?   Legality and morals are not the same thing'  Yes if Germany had won the war the Holocaust would have been legal according to the laws they would have been implementing.  Of course it was wholly immoral by most people's standards and that stance was enforced by the fact that the Allies won the war and enshrining their standards of morality as being the law. Quite correctly in my view.  However in the terms of the universe as opposed to humankind on this planet morality is not an absolute.
Why am I not surprised that someone who is anti-choice person would also support the death penalty, even though there is no evidence that the DP deters any crime. What a joke you rightwingers are. Culture of Life, my XXX.  You really need to tone down your personal attacks. It's getting a little irritating. Now, that said, there's a world of difference between killing the innocent and killing the guilty. I am intelligent enough to know the difference. ;)   Well lets see - we have had about 70 executions in the last few years, people held on death row. Facilities which are generally NOT used for the general prison populations. But you dodged the actual issue. You argued that because of the high rate of recidivism among criminals in general that life sentences (which might not be served in full) for capital crimes were inappropriate. But of course what you did not quote is the actual recividism rate for those specific types of criminals its vital you quote the correct rates you realize its very possible that murders are a lot less likely to repeat their crimes than say drug addicts or drug dealers!!! You should not compare apples and organges. I actually gave two reasons. 1. Lifers rarely serve their entire sentence. 2. Lifers that do take up space that could be used for other criminals, so they wouldn't be out on the street committing more crimes.   how can a person behind bars present a threat to you?  to execute a prisoner is just revenge enacted by the State on behalf of the people so that the people do not get blood in their hands.  It is not justice it is not self defence, but simply a savage crime no matter what words you use or technicalities you hide behind Prison guards, other inmates, etc., are all potential victims of lifers behind bars.
But of course what you did not quote is the actual recividism rate for those specific types of criminals its vital you quote the correct rates you realize its very possible that murders are a lot less likely to repeat their crimes than say drug addicts or drug dealers!!! You should not compare apples and organges.  And drug dealers are non-violent offenders who operate on the consent of their "victims". Murderers are violent offenders who do not seek the consent of their victims. Talk about apples and oranges.  Here at least is one correct statistic for you:  Executed Violent Offender Recidivism Rate: 0.00%
snakespit,  Executed Violent Offender Recidivism Rate: 0.00%  And unless the error rate for executing the possibly innocent is the same, the DP will continue to be an inhumane crapshoot.emoticon_idea  But yet people trust the justice system enough to sentence people to life in prison with no chance of parole, and never think twice about it. It's this kind of hypocrisy that makes me doubt the motivations of the vast majority of the anti death penalty crowd. If the system is good enough to send someone to prison for life, it should be good enough to send them to death row. Otherwise, let's just open all the gates and let them go free.   I asked before but nobody seemed to want to answer this...Who would have a problem executing this one...since there is no doubt regarding his guilt?
That's just dumb. As long as there is life in the prisoner, there is a chance that evidence will be brought to bear that will lead to that person's ultimate exoneration and freedom/ Once they are executed, it's too late. I think it's about time you learn to use the quote feature. My point is that the anti-death crowd will stand up and scream to the heavens about the "innocence" of a condemned prisoner, but if that prisoners sentence was commuted to life in prison they would forget all about that prisoner. If that same prisoner had been given LWOP initially, nobody would know that prisoners name at all. Remember...even in a capitol case innocence or guilt is decided first...before the defendant is sentenced.   Are you willing to push the plunger on one who just might possibly have been convicted of a murder (s)he did not commit?  If not, why should society take that risk?   If you are, what does it say about you? I would be willing to "push the plunger" on every single prisoner on death row today provided that they were found guilty in a court of law by a jury of their peers and were given their fair chance in the appellate system.
Nice to see you're still confused. An innocent person does not get her/his sentence commuted. silly child; that person is FREED because (s)he is as innocent as you, I, or OJ.emoticon_idea  I'm confused about nothing. You implied that I meant the person was innocent. I meant that the anti-crowd could give a hoot less about the innocence or guilt of someone serving life in prison, but place the same prisoner on death row and suddenly everyone is interested.   Please refrain from calling me "silly child" or any other cute name you can think of.
Be that as it may, the questions still remain, " Should society push the plunger on one whose guilt is not proved beyond not only beyond a reasonable doubt but beyond ALL doubt? Would you?":xbanghead Beyond a reasonable doubt is the standard used in the US for criminal prosecution.   There is a reason that the phrase includes the term "reasonable doubt". All doubt would be a rediculous standard that could not realistically be implemented into the US judicial system. I could look at someone and decide that he does not look like a killer...that would be doubt. If the standard burdon of proof is not enough for you, too bad. It's the system that is used in this country.   As I said before, if they were convicted in a court of law by a jury of their peers and were given lawful access to the appellate process, yes, I would push the plunger. The jury has already decided the matter of guilt or innocence to the level required by law. The question is, would the convicted criminal's case get the same scrutiny if he were given LWOP vs. the death penalty? I doubt it.
If the state is going to take life, I think that the bar must be raised before it contemplates such an act.  Do you really not believe that the standard for execution should be higher, in fact MUCH higher? What exactly then do you consider sufficient for the death penalty? I myself am comfortable with the current system. I've asked before, but apparently it needs to be asked again. Name 5 innocent people that have been put to death in the US.   BTW, your comments about LWOP are a strawman. The issue is capital punishment. Not really. The same process is used to arrive at the verdict. The only difference is in the sentence. Are you sayng that to find someone guilty and sentence them to death should have a higher burden of proof than to find that same person guilty of the same crime and give them LWOP? Remember, the verdict is made before sentencing begins. What I have been trying to point out to you is that the case of the man given death for a crime will get considerably more scrutiny than the same man given LWOP.
The more proper inquiry will be, "How many people who have been convicted and sentenced to the DP were later exonerated and walked out of prison free people?"  Get this: Juries err!emoticon_angry  So the appellate process works? emoticon_ic
Not at all. The SCOTUS has made it plain that only the jury may, once it has convicted an accused, make the choice between the DP and LWOP. Judges are permitted absolutely no input. I know that, but thanks for the update.  What I am saying is that the second choice must meet a MUCH higher burden of proof than the first. For me ANY mitigating evidence whatsoever is sufficient for me to vote for LWOP.emoticon_idea The prosecutorial burden in homicide refers to the conditions required to obtain a conviction. If the burden of proof is met, a conviction can be obtained.   Mitigating and aggravating circumstances are used to determine the sentence that will be handed down and have nothing to do with the determination of guilt or innocence. That has already been accomplished.
I believe the rationale for treating persons of different age differently is their respective ability to understand their actions. The human nervous system is not fully developed until adulthood, therefore the ability to appreciate right from wrong, understand consequences of actions and mediate impulse control (among other things) differs between children and adults. The age of 18 is an arbitrary designation. The reasoning is that the criminal behavior may actually be different even if the outcome of the behavior is not.   There is considerable evidence that neurophysiology and its resultant behavior does not develop completely until adulthood. When that occurs is variable. I am not arguing the validity of that rationale, but that is at least part of the reasoning, I believe.  I didn't know that anyone argued the it was unconstitutional to execute someone under 18. I do not know why the above physiologic difference would matter constitutionally. But that is one consideration when deciding a penalty for a conviction.
That is the premise of my question. On what basis can one claim that the Constitution makes this arbitrary designation with respect to the death penalty? I simply don't see any rational argument for it.   So why cannot juvenile crimes which would otherwise be death penalty eligible be treated on a case-by-case basis? Under the theory of variable neurophysiology development, we could suppose that some individuals under 18 will have a fully developed moral understanding, and also some individuals 18 and over who do not.   Fair enough. But I am curious to see if anyone can defend the rationality of the rationale (whatever it is purported to be). You're obviously not obliged to do that, but that is sort of the curiosity that I have.  A specific age is picked because it occurs sometime and there is no way to know in any specific individual whether their pre-frontal cortex is up to snuff or not. There is no way to judge on a case-by-case basis. If this occurs (I think it's clear that it does) and if this is a rational reason for treating persons differently (that is, of course, arguable) then the line must be drawn somewhere.   I was wrong to say 18 is arbitrary. I misused the word. I would assume that most people have a mature CNS by that age, so that is why it is picked. The objective evidence of this is done looking at populations, not individuals.   Subjectively, anyone who has kids will know that a young teen's judgement is pretty bizarre at times.
What do you mean by this? Could we not have the law treat under-18 capital offenders on an individual basis, determining whether the individual offenders in the individual cases were sufficiently developed?  Also, what would you say to the response that our current law provides that juveniles are sufficiently developed enough to have the responsibility, without parental involvement, to decide whether to obtain an abortion? Is it not a conflict to say juveniles should not be eligible for the death penalty because they are not morally developed enough, but at the same time say juveniles are morally developed enough to decide whether to obtain an abortion without involving their parents?  No way to measure that. I stated already, the objective evidence of this is done looking at populations, not individuals.   Look at it this way: Do you think we should treat a 5 year old differently than 25 year who commits the same crime? If you answer is "no", we're done, but if it is "yes", then: How about a 6 year old? a 7 year old? And so forth until you say "no". Then you have drawn the line somewhere.  Anyway, I'm just sayin'. I am not gonna comment on abortions, except perhaps other things may be weighed into the equation, like the consequences of telling parents or having an unwanted pregnancy. I don't know.   You asked for a rationale to treat different ages differently, I gave you one. Sounds like you don't like the answer. Sorry.
This is exactly my point. Could not juries take the facts of the case into account in each individual situation, and determine the moral culpability of the offender? I think yes.   I wasn't trying to discuss abortions, but rather the argument that juveniles lack the necessary development to be morally responsible.  On the one hand, the current law says that juveniles do possess enough moral maturity to make the very difficult moral decision to have an abortion without any input from their parents. On the other hand, the law says that juveniles do not possess enough moral maturity to be held responsible for decisions to commit murder.  In other words, I assume you will agree with the proposition that the decision of whether to obtain an abortion is a much more involved moral decision than is the decision whether to murder someone. Yet our law says that juveniles are mature enough to be responsible to make the former judgment, but are not mature enough to be responsible for the latter. We treat juveniles like adults in the more involved moral question of abortion, but we do not treat them like adults in the much easier moral question of murder.   I did ask for a rationale, but I'm now aware that my tone did not come through.  I do not believe that there is any conceivable rational argument that reasonably proves that the constitution actually does forbid the execution of a person whose crime was committed while he was a juvenile, but does not forbid the execution of an adult.  Are you persuaded by the rationale you have provided, or were you merely giving one of the rationales that some have given?  Look, Phyl. You asked why the state sentences children differently than adults. One answer might be that children are physiologically different than adults. They don't think the same. Seems simple. As to whether that's constitutional, I have no idea.  If you wanted to make a point you should have just stated it, rather than pretending you are asking a question. If you just want to be argumentative, do it with someone else.
Can anyone make a rational argument as to why executing a criminal who was 18 years old when committing the crime is not "cruel and unusual punishment," but executing a criminal who was less than 18 at the time of the crime would be cruel and unusual?  Put another way, can anyone explain why it is constitutional to execute a person who was 18 years old when they committed the crime, but it is unconstitutional to execute a person who was under 18 when they committed the crime?  Participants in this discussion should assume that the death penalty, in general, is constitutional. This has been the case from the beginning of our Republic, and has been reaffirmed multiple times. In other words, it is not an appropriate argument to try and argue that the death penalty, in general, is unconstitutional. That has neither been the case through our history, and is not the current state of the law.  *Note: I am speaking within the context of the United States, and its Constitution.  I think that we've got to draw a line at some point, to demarcate between adult and child. Where ever we do draw it, it will seem, in some situations to be arbitrary. If we made it 20, the question would be why 20 year olds and not 19. Through the years society has determined that by 18 people should have attained enough life experience to form intent and to comprehend that their actions have consequences (at least as it applies to the death penalty, they can be tried as adults w/o death). We don't execute people who can't comprehend the nature of their crimes and society says that, under 18 you can't fully comprehend criminal actions.
Oh, is this an abortion trap? I thought it was really about the death penalty.....
Oh, is this an abortion trap? I thought it was really about the death penalty.....  I made the same mistake.
[QUOTE]Actually, society hasn't said this. 5 judges, in very recent times, have. I for one think that some 17 year olds fully comprehend the full implications of murder, and therefore should be held accountable in the same way as an 18 year old. I guess I just don't see any reason why a jury could not address the issue on a case by case basis. I do not see the "18 and over execution rule" in the eighth amendment.  Well, actually society has said that 18 is the dividing line. It can then also say, that under certain circumstances, for a particularly bad person, in some cases it will be considered if the person is 16 or 17. That's why we have all the judges and lawyers, etc...     No, this is not about abortion, and I think that is very clear. If I wanted to discuss abortion, then I would mosey on along to the abortion forum and post there.  The point about abortion that I brought up is that it questions the premise offered by thelmoose with respect to juvenile development. In fact, this point was made in the dissent of a Supreme Court opinion dealing with executing juvenile offenders.  On the one hand, it is argued that juveniles do posses enough moral maturity to be able to have the same right to abortion as an adult, but on the other hand, it is argued that they do not posses enough moral maturity to be able to be held to the same standard as adults when it comes to the decision to commit cold blooded murder.  For your convenience, I underlined the key parts. We have here two contradictory statements. That is what I was pointing out.  Well the main difference is under the law (and I don't want to get into the right or wrong of the law) a fetus isn't a person yet so they aren't making 'life and death' decisions. Just as you said we must assume constitutionality, we can derive the legal distinction here as well. Punishment for an action against someone is different then a decision concerning personal health (or privacy)
Actually, society hasn't said this. 5 judges, in very recent times, have. I for one think that some 17 year olds fully comprehend the full implications of murder, and therefore should be held accountable in the same way as an 18 year old. I guess I just don't see any reason why a jury could not address the issue on a case by case basis. I do not see the "18 and over execution rule" in the eighth amendment.   The point about abortion that I brought up is that it questions the premise offered by thelmoose with respect to juvenile development. In fact, this point was made in the dissent of a Supreme Court opinion dealing with executing juvenile offenders.  On the one hand, it is argued that juveniles do posses enough moral maturity to be able to have the same right to abortion as an adult, but on the other hand, it is argued that they do not posses enough moral maturity to be able to be held to the same standard as adults when it comes to the decision to commit cold blooded murder.  For your convenience, I underlined the key parts. We have here two contradictory statements. That is what I was pointing out. I think many things are getting confused here.  First, I have no idea what "moral maturity" means. You talk as though that is some definable entity. Next, one may reasonably consider that children are cognitively different from adults. Despite what society or 5 judges have to say, that seems to me a valid reason for applying different sentences to different people.  The question was raised with respect to the death penalty as well. We are not talking about criteria for guilt, but once convicted, we are talking about whether to execute a person or not. Unless you feel that punishment should be based solely on retribution, I think there is some wiggle room for different sentencing guidelines for different aged humans.   You have conceded that a difference in neurophysiologic fitness makes sense, but we should decide on a case by case basis. If you can figure out a reliable way to do that, go for it.   We draw the line based upon age all the time for all sorts of things.  The issue of abortion is different for many reasons. We are not deciding on whether to execute a person based upon a crime they committed. That makes it a different issue. Ideally, we would never have a pregnant young woman under the age of 18 make a decision like that without the support and guidance of her loving parents. The ideal situation sometimes does not exist. An underage female may legally make this decision precisely because there are many out there who do not have that guidance at all or informing parents would make things worse. It just so happens that females are fertile prior to 18, so we do not have the luxury of applying similar age requirements. If you could ban pregnancy prior to 18, now you'd be talking.   No, this is not about abortion, and I think that is very clear. If I wanted to discuss abortion, then I would mosey on along to the abortion forum and post there. And no, it is not at all clear that this is not about abortion, Phyl, because you keep bringing the topic up. Because you declare something, that doesn't make it so.  Lastly, you are asking the opinions of members of a forum here. If you want our opinions, great. If our opinions differ from some court ruling, it does not mean the opinions are wrong, it means they differ. Given your criterion, the only way to express opinions here would be if we were doing it from the bench.
Part of the problem is not being hard enough on them when they begin to get into trouble, IMO. That and finding a way to get the parents involved.
I seem to recall instances wherein the courts have chosen to try juveniles as adults. It seems likely that the court examines each case separately and does not have a fixed policy about who gets a pass and who doesn't. If I'm not mistaken, the severity of the crime and the professional evaluation of the accused criminal come into play when making the decision. I suspect that a death-penalty crime will weigh more heavily on the judges mind when considering a juvenile as an adult.  What do you think should be done with the 9 third graders that plotted to kill their teacher for punishing one of them? Had they succeeded in murdering their teacher, what would you want done with them? They are NINE YEARS OLD.  http://news.finditt.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=41892&cat=0
Part of the problem is not being hard enough on them when they begin to get into trouble, IMO. That and finding a way to get the parents involved.Some parents are extremely poor candidates for raising their own children to be good citizens. You will likely never get them to see the value of good parenting or of being a positive role model.
Some parents are extremely poor candidates for raising their own children to be good citizens. You will likely never get them to see the value of good parenting or of being a positive role model.  That's true. If you ever want to see something to make you sick, go spend a couple of hours at the laundromat!!!
