Is the Death Penalty good for society ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/death_penalty.HTM
i am not aginst nor for the death penality  it does not serve a real purpose, it does not scare anyone away from doing something to deserve it  but on the other hand, some people just dont deserve to live, like that phyco guy that killed innocent neighboors, cut them up and put them in their freezer
ya patriot  i dont understand that either  i remember seeing on tv a guy who was sentanced back in the mid 80s and just now getting the needle  is there a reason for this?
I am not to informed on this topic so I will refrain from burdening this thread with my opinion for now. But are there any stats available showing countries/states with the death penalty have a higher/lower crime rate? And if there are could the stats be linked to another cause? I am going to start some research on the topic.
Until someone shows me something besides "because DSA said so" I do not believe the 15 murders prevented stat.   Though I am honored by the prestige :)  For the record, the stat was from a study done by Stephen K. Layson of the University of North Carolina.
"No one who's testicles are crushed or who's penis is cut off shall enter the house of the lord." - Deut. 23:1  I'm sorry, but that's not what my version said. "No one who has been emasculated by crushing or cutting may enter the assembly of the LORD ." Emasculated = castrated Emasculation was not an accident. (What this verse has to do with the death penalty is beyond me.)  "Illegitimate children shall not be admitted to the assembly of the Lord, nor shall any of their generations, not even 10 generations down." - Deut. 23:2  Different version here too. "No one born of a forbidden marriage nor any of his descendants may enter the assembly of the LORD , even down to the tenth generation." Forbidden: not permitted or allowed  "If someone has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey his father and mother...they shall take him to the gates of that town...and all the men of the town shall stone him." - Deut. 21:18  Amazing how you simply took out the parts of the verse that didn't support your arguement. "If a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who does not obey his father and mother and will not listen to them when they discipline him, his father and mother shall take hold of him and bring him to the elders at the gate of his town. They shall say to the elders, "This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious. He will not obey us. He is a profligate and a drunkard." Then all the men of his town shall stone him to death. You must purge the evil from among you. All Israel will hear of it and be afraid." Profligate:completely given up to dissipation and licentiousness. Licentiousness:lacking legal or moral restraints; especially : disregarding sexual restraints  "When you go to war against your enemies...suppose you see a beautiful woman whom you desire...you shall take her..and she shall marry you." - Deut. 21:10  Read to the very end of the verse. "If you are not pleased with her, let her go wherever she wishes. You must not sell her or treat her as a slave, since you have dishonored her."   "If it (the town) accepts your terms of peace and surrender, then all of its inhabitants shall serve you inslavery." - Deut. 20:11  Read the entire verse and don't edit out parts of it."When you march up to attack a city, make its people an offer of peace. If they accept and open their gates, all the people in it shall be subject to forced labor and shall work for you. If they refuse to make peace and they engage you in battle, lay siege to that city." Hmmmm...death or slavery. Wow, that's a hard choice.  "If it doesn't submit to you peacefully then you shall besiege it...and put all it's males to the sword...and take the women and children as you spoils." - Deut. 20:12 - Love your enemies????  Just another example of using a verse meant for personal use and applying it to wars. Sorry, just doesn't work that way.  "When a slaveowner strikes his slave with a rod and the slave immediately dies, the owner shall be punished. If however the slave lives for a few days, then the owner shall not be punished for the slave is his property." - Exodus 21:20  A slave was a piece of property taken after a war. Slavery back then was completely different then it is now.  "If evidence of the young woman's (newly married) virginity is not found ...then the woman shall be brought to the house of her father and the men of the town shall stone her." - Deut. 22:20  "She has done a disgraceful thing in Israel by being promiscuous while still in her father's house." Promiscuous:not restricted to one sexual partner (Kinda like a prostitute.)  "If a man is found lying with the wife of another, both shall die." - Deut. 20:22  Yeah, it's called "adultery". Consequences are there to deter people from doing wrong.   fallingupwards: The laws are still applicable, we just don't use them.
If there is even a hint of ones innocences, they should NOT be locked up to begin with. Dont you meen 'reasonable doubt'?
Or" doubting the reasoning"? Why should one suffer for that? If there is even a hint of ones innocences, they should NOT be locked up to begin with.    The word 'hint is too vast. Take for instance ,a man is up for murder .All evidence is pointing against him.His brother testifies that he could not have done it because he saw his brother flying away on a ufo to venus at the time of the murder. ISNT THAT A "HINT"?
Death-penalty trial for Oklahoma bomb accomplice could backfire on FBI  By Andrew Gumbel in Los Angeles 01 March 2004  Oklahoma prosecutors have one simple but provocative goal in dragging Timothy McVeigh's friend and convicted accomplice, Terry Nichols, back into court today: not satisfied with the life sentence he is already serving, they want to send him to the death chamber for his role in the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building.  As the trial gets under way, however, a flurry of new evidence promises to demonstrate quite the opposite of what the prosecutors are hoping to prove: that Nichols, far from being a key player in the conspiracy, was a relatively marginal figure, and that a gang of neo-Nazi bank robbers, hitherto ignored by federal and state prosecutors, had a far more prominent role.  In other words, what is intended to be an exercise in judicial "closure" for bereaved Oklahomans could end up demolishing the FBI's theory of how the worst peacetime atrocity on American soil before 11 September 2001 happened.  Already, the FBI has acknowledged destroying evidence linking the bank robbers to the bombing, for reasons that have yet to be made clear. An array of colourful witnesses - including McVeigh's best friend on Death Row and the self-proclaimed ringleader of the bank robbery gang - are expected to substantiate that evidence in testimony and add details of their own.  For most of the past eight and a half years, the government has claimed that McVeigh was the lone mastermind behind the bombing. Nichols, an old army buddy of McVeigh's and a fellow white supremacist, was accused of a robbery that supposedly provided financing for the operation. He was also said to have helped to build the bomb in the days before the attack.  When the case came to court the first time, McVeigh was sentenced to death - he was executed in June 2001 - while Nichols got life. Their trials took place in federal court, which meant that technically the only murders that could be laid at the pair's door were those of eight federal employees.  That left another 160 victims, ordinary Oklahomans including 19 children blown up in a day care centre, some of whose families felt justice had not been fully done on their behalf. Successive Oklahoma attorneys general pondered whether to bring Nichols back to trial in state court, and eventually chose to do so - even though it is unusual for someone not accused of direct involvement in a killing to be considered eligible for the death penalty.  Nichols has assembled a crack team of defence lawyers attracted not so much by him as by the opportunity to get at the long-buried truth of what transpired in Oklahoma City on the morning of 19 April 1995.  The link to the bank robbery gang, known as the Aryan Republican Army, is the subject of an FBI internal investigation. Last week, the FBI announced that it was looking into reports that it had failed to produce documents at the earlier trials of McVeigh and Nichols demonstrating a link to the ARA and undermining much of the case against Nichols. It also acknowledged internal documents showing that crucial evidence was destroyed - including blasting caps found in the ARA's possession which came from a quarry that McVeigh and Nichols robbed.  The ARA robbed 22 banks, most of them in the Midwest, over a two-year period in the early 1990s, and the alternative theory of the Oklahoma City bombing holds that the money they stole financed what was meant to be the opening blast in an all-out war against the federal government. The ARA's members were arrested in 1996 and - with the exception of one central member who apparently hanged himself in his jail cell - were tried and imprisoned on bank robbery charges alone.  The ARA's ringleader, Pete Langan, himself serving a life sentence, is on the witness list in the Nichols trial and has told reporters he will offer hard evidence incriminating five people in the bombing beside McVeigh. He is not, however, offering to incriminate himself.  Another extraordinary witness will be David Hammer, a native Oklahoman who became close to McVeigh on Death Row and claims that McVeigh told him about the link to the ARA in great detail. Hammer, who is due to be executed in June for the murder of a cell mate, is a lifelong criminal who has been likened to the fictional serial murderer Hannibal Lecter for his fiendish intelligence and propensity for extreme violence.
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead?  If yes, why?  If not, why not?
No.  Criminals that are sentenced to life forfeit all rights that they might have had or want to have.  Death as an escape mechanism for punishment should not be allowed.
No.  Criminals that are sentenced to life forfeit all rights that they might have had or want to have.  Death as an escape mechanism for punishment should not be allowed.  I agree entirely. Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison, if you are sentenced to life, you should get to suffer for the whole bit.
I agree entirely. Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison, if you are sentenced to life, you should get to suffer for the whole bit.   Funny how people who are "for" capital punishment don't see it that way...
Funny how people who are "for" capital punishment don't see it that way...  I am "for" capital punishment... but if a criminal shows a desire for death over a life sentence, I prefer to be sadistic.
I suppose I am less of an "eye for an eye" person and more of an "eye and both your legs for an eye" person when it comes to dealing with those deserving of capital punishment.  That's just my personal opinion though, and I can see your point about the corruption of the legal system.
That was some pretty interesting info on execution methods.
What does the D.C. in Washington, D.C. stand for?
hell no they shouldnt have the right to choose. they f**** up and they dont have any rights to anything anymore. once you make a decision to kill someone(self defense doesnt count) or rape, or whatever the case is i dont think they need their rights anymore..  :xbanghead -Bettie_Page05 emoticon_xchicken
No. They are no longer making the decisions and therefore should not be allowed to pick.   However, if a criminal requests the death penalty, are there retrials to ensure the state isn't killing a innocent person?
Not true if the inmate asks to die before exhausting every possible appeal.  That is the question I asked. If they still choose death, is the state mandated to at least try one appeal?   Appeals and retrials after such a request is currently cloudy.   zachvac: yes the penalty has issues, I'm not going to even bother contesting that. I agree. We shouldn't be executing people like we do now, but I do think we SHOULD get rid of a few individuals who cannot be controlled or rehabiliated, not as a measure of justice, but as a means of making life a bit easier for the rest of society.
I'd tend to agree that they don't really get to choose, society as a whole makes the rules, and punishment.
I doubt very few would choose execution over life in prison......Where there is life there is always hope and there have been cases of people sentenced to life in prison being released by some liberal judge to murder and rape again.....  But if they did chose death, Hell yes, give them their wish...........fry them.......
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead?  If yes, why?  If not, why not?  Negative. They committed a crime, most likely knew the risks, and were subject to the penalties put forth in the law. No criminal has the right to set their own punishment, and this case is no different.
I guess the question begs to be asked to my friends on the left is If life in prisonment is so much worse then the death penalty why do you think most prisoners on death row would choose that option? emoticon_confused
I guess the question begs to be asked to my friends on the left is If life in prisonment is so much worse then the death penalty why do you think most prisoners on death row would choose that option? emoticon_confused  Many people fear death.  And no one said that life in prision is "much worse" then the death penalty.
 Should CRIMINALS have the right to choose DEATH over a LIFE sentence?   Definitely not............
If you get a life sentence, you shouldn't have any choices whatsoever.
I think the main problem is that some candyassed states banned executions of convicted murderers. If the death sentence was an option, a criminal could advocate for his own death in the penalty phase of the trial. That option has been taken away in many states.  They still shouldn't have the choice.
I believe that JP's use of the word 'deterrant' is correct here.  Of course I'm going to define the word 'correct' as meaning 'flawed, innacurate and false'.  emoticon_rolleyes :p
This really is getting silly, how much argument can there be over the use of one word?  According to every dictionary I could find deter is explicitly meant to prevent from acting through fear, hence it's Latin root which it shares origins with the word 'terror'.   Even if for some reason you choose to ignore the vastly accepted linguistic definition, there is even less ambiguity over the use of the word in the context of criminal punishment. Where it means to stop either the criminal or other potential criminals from offending by means of fear of retribution.  Give it up man!
Unfortunately for you, me and this thread I am every bit as stubborn as you are! :p I too have a linguistic background and am not going to give up so easily on semantics.   Now, are we in agreement that deterrence means " the act of deterring? OKOf course.   And Phunting, I suggest that you find yourself a better dictionary. :p  Hardly. One of the advantages of working in the same building as my ministry's library is that I have access to the 20 volume Oxford English Dictionary which is regarded, as I am sure you'll agree, as the most comprehensive and definitive dictionary of the English language in the world. As authoritative as 'factmonster.com' is...  Firstly let us look at the origin of the word. It originates in the 16th century, and is from the Latin 'deterrere', which is 'de' meaning 'away from' and 'terrere' meaning 'frighten'. So as you can see it's literal meaning is to move someone away from something by frightening them.  Now the OED definition:   deterrent noun  A thing that discourages or is intended to discourage someone from doing something. Cameras are a major deterrent to crime. A nuclear weapon or weapons system regarded as deterring an enemy from attack. adjective Able or intended to deter. The deterrent effect of heavy prison sentences.Which appears to agree with me.  Now your argument is based around the fact that some dictionaries list deterrence to mean 'preventing' something. And indeed it does, for if you discourage something you are in effect preventing it. Yet this does not mean that the word is synonymous with 'prevent', as prevent encapsulates much more. As an example if I were to fall out of my office window, the laws of physics would prevent me from flying. However it would be incorrect to say they 'deter' me from flying, as no human choice is involved. Deterrence implies choice, if I am falling (or have been executed) I have no choice in events therefore am not deterred from them. However in the above example the laws of gravity do actually act as a deterrent, as I am careful not to place myself in a situation where I could fall out of the window, for fear of the consequences.  Now from the linguistic definition, we move on to the legal definition. What is a deterrence in regard to punishment? Unfortunately I don't have access to a law dictionary at work so will have to settle for online ones:   Deterrence is a criminological theory. Deterrence is the idea that someone can be prevented from committing a crime by fear of the potential consequences. Deterrence is the primary theory of punishment in the United States legal system.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deterrence   Deterrence: A strategy of punishment associated with the Classical School. Deterrence can either be specific, punishing an individual so that she won't commit a crime again, or general, punishing an individual to set an example to society, so that others will not commit the same crime. For the Classical School, punishment was primarily justified in terms of general deterrence. See also Retribution, Rehabilitation, and Incapacitation.  http://www.crimetheory.com/glossary.htm   People will engage in criminal and deviant activities if they do not fear apprehension and punishment. Norms, laws, and enforcement are to be designed and implemented to produce and maintain the image that "negative" and disruptive behaviors will receive attention and punishment. Although specific individuals become the object of enforcement activities,general deterrence theory focuses on reducing the probability of deviance in the general population. Examples of control activities reflecting the concerns of this concept include: Drunk-driving crackdowns, special gang-related crime task forces and police units, publication and highly visible notices of laws and policies (Notice: Shoplifters will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law), and the death penalty.  Specific Deterrence: General deterrence strategies focus on future behaviors, preventing individuals from engaging in crime or deviant by impacting their rational decision making process. Specific deterrence focuses on punishing known deviants in order to prevent them from ever again violating the specific norms they have broken. The concern here is that motives and rationales that lie behind the original behavior can, perhaps, never be delineated, but through the rational use of punishment as a negative sanction, problematic behavior can be extinguished. Examples: shock sentencing, corporal punishment, mandatory arrests for certain behaviors (domestic violence), etc.  http://www.umsl.edu/~rkeel/200/ratchoc.html  So as you see legally the death penalty is a general deterrent as it is only a deterrence in that it scares others into not committing the crime through example to others. Specific deterrents, ones that change the criminals behaviour, are designed to stop the criminals committing the crimes through choice, as again they are scared of suffering the same punishments again.  Apologies to everyone on these forums for all this, but it had to be cleared up.
It's still not cleared up.No I can't say I'm that suprised. I should have said has over had.   You see that the term "specific deterrence" is used by Bower when describing the deterrent effect of killing the criminal on the criminal's future ability to kill again. I'm still looking for Bowers original works on the subject, though.This is the only reference of the death penalty being a 'specific deterrent'. And according to what some have said a dubious one at that. Every legal site I have looked at has most defiantly listed the death penalty as a general deterrence, specific deterrents being those which the criminal looks back upon and knowledge of them happening again dissuades them from committing again.    If Merriam-Webster agrees with me, why don't you? ;)I think Jim answers this point quite correctly.
Hum, for someone who professes to know the English language, how come you consistently use "a" in front of a vowel. Didn't your third grade English teacher teach you any better..last year? emoticon_rolleyes  He used "all usable" as an adjective, so the "a" could be used for "term", not "all usable".
And, while we're speaking about linguistics. What do you mean by "defiantly" in the above statement?Errr isn't it obvious? I was referring to the fact that despite certain minority fringe groups suggesting that the death penalty is a specific deterrent, legal authorities defy their view and continue to insist otherwise.  Either that or it was a typo. emoticon_emb
Guys lets cool it shall we? Getting ridiculously off topic by in-depth semantics is bad enough (and yes I know it was as much my fault as anyone else's), but lets not degenerate into slagging match.
OK, now it's clear as mud. emoticon_confused :)It was a typo dammit! I just didn't want to admit it...  :)
I think the penalty for people that attempt suicide should be capitol punishment . Now, debate that one :)
You guys MUST be bored , I was just making a ridiculous post to the capitol thread to inject some humor, ( note the smiley), and you guys debate it anyway, way funny, cheers to ya, :)
Hello, Kimberly. Welcome to the site.  Is there enough evidence to convict? Or are you like me, just know by his actions that he's guilty?  If they've seen all they need (the jury, that is) to make a call, I think it will be 2 counts 2nd degree at the most.  He's done everything that a person should not do in a situation like this - if he's not guilty. I can't say what more he could have done wrong....
What if the jury is wrong?  /hypothetical mode on.  The State murders an innocent man.  /hypothetical mode off.
Basic necessities, like cable TV, vending machines, movies, exercise equipment, educational abilities, libraries, computer access, free medical care, perhaps a job to occupy time. Hell, it's just like living at my house, except the sex hurts a little more, and I don't have cable yet. Yeah, he's really going to suffer. emoticon_rolleyes  Come on, now. If you really think it is such a walk in the park, why not check yourself in?  Call it what you want, but the true test of whether you feel prison is really easy or not is whether or not you'd fight to stay out of prison and hope for a short sentence if it applied to you. I bet that if you were going, you'd hope for the shortest sentence you could get.  All I know is, I wouldn't want to go, regardless of how we may think it's not suffering.
Let's remember that the more inhuman the environment the harder it would be for the guards as well. I believe this is why sex between inmates is overlooked.
Let's remember that the more inhuman the environment the harder it would be for the guards as well. I believe this is why sex between inmates is overlooked.  Thisis why we provide those things. You have to give the guys enough to keep them occupied, or your guards are as good as dead. You can't use 150 (total) guards to control 3000 inmates unless the inmates are willing to be controlled. Figure 50 guards on shift at a time, what do you really think their odds of survival would be in a full scale revolt and break out attempt at a prison.   Cable TV is cheaper than the 2-1 guard ratio, gun emplacements, and armored units your would need to controll a prison full of folks who were really intent on getting out.  This does not even include the additional police officers and all the extra gear that THEY would need in order to actually capture those criminals, since a guy facing hells island is a LOT more likely to be willing to resort to violence to escape than a guy facing time in a decent prison.  This is something that confuses me about America (actually, it doesn;t confuse me that much). We have this bizarre preoccupation with crime and punishment. The DOJ ahs been issuing studies since the 50's that show that once your penalties reach a certain height, violent crime goes up, as criminals who are unwilling to result to violence to avoid 2 years of probation are certaily willing to do so when facing 10 years in a federal prison.  I know if I was facing 10 years, I would be more than willing to mow down anybody and everybody who tried to carry it out.
I agree, the appeals process is way to long.......You want to cut the expense....Give 2 appeals and 2 years........If the case is not overturned then fry them............Th tawould cut the cost down a whole bunch........  It's funny, i didn't expect you to be pro-death because of your strong abortion feelings, not saying that a fetus is a criminal by any means, just saying that i didn't expect you to feel that way.
I was speaking of liberals in general and i did not call any liberals stupid........Misguided yes, but not stupid.........  The point I am trying to make and its not getting through to you is JC is the only perfect human being.........Since I am imperfect I have my differences with him on things like the death penalty and turing the other cheek..........  Liberals are not stupid, they are insane.
Because unlike him I am frail and imperfect.............. So you are actively denying the words of your Lord and Savior?  Looks like someone is going to hell.....................
The actual killing isn't the expensive part. The making sure we don't ***k up is what costs the real money. It's pretty sad as it is, as there are a known 23 innocent people who have been executed, and likely far more.   how much money do you think the families of the innocent people who were put to death can sue for?
If we shouldn't execute people who were convicted without solid evidence, why should scott peterson be executed?
Because being a professional a --hole , is now punishable by death ?  I hope not. People who do nothing more than speak the truth today are called professional a--holes all of the time. I am called an industrial strength a--hole. Always speak the truth and confront evil where you find it.
DNA analysis in comparison to other, known ducks?
A Texas attorney general states he doesn't believe the death penalty and subsequent executions have shown any deterrent factor:  http://teacher.deathpenaltyinfo.msu.edu/c/about/arguments/argument1b.htm  ~A survey of the former and present presidents of the country's top academic criminological societies found that 84% of these experts rejected the notion that research had demonstrated any deterrent effect from the death penalty.~   Next?  Does life in prison without parole had a deterrent effect over say 10 years in jail?
Two ludicrous statements, utterly unproveable:  By the way, I believe I'm correct in saying there has not been an innocent person put to death since 1900.  You are correct in saying it, but you can't possibly know if it's actually the truth.  And another...  And embryo is not a sentinent being. (sic)  Which, again, no one but that embryo knows for sure. ________________________________________________________________________________ But Shooterandproud writes: Life in prison does nothing more or less than the DP.  ...which I disagree with. Life in prison, without the possibility of parole, is, IMHO, Cruel and Unusual, and hence should be labelled un-Constitutional. Listen, if you're gonna tell someone that the crime they've committed is so heinous, so terrible and unforgiveable that you're never, ever gonna let 'em outta prison, no matter what they do or how long and hard you have to work to keep them alive, well... at that point you're guilty of something as well: Cruelty.  There's a reason most of 'em aren't called Penitentiaries any longer: no one's fu@#ing penitent. If the crime is that bad, execute 'em. But don't keep them alive, replace their teeth with shiny new caps, give 'em heart medication or freaking dialysis, just so you have them around to point at and say to the public, "See. We're doing something, we're fighting crime." Of course, if they're only sentenced to Life, but eligible for parole at some point, that's a different story. At least that guy can hope that one day he might get out. But for the dude who's gotta sit there day after day, knowing that even if he tries to kill himself that, by god, we're gonna cut him down, then tie him up and keep the f@#ker alive at all costs, just so we can watch him rot....that guy's suffering beyond what I'd call justice. Just gas him at that point, and get it done with.
I'm not sure, S, if letting the inmate decide between Life w/out parole and Death would be a better alternative. What if he changed his mind the next day, or ten years down the road?
5. You often suggest that people's motives are based on religion. A form of dismissing their opinion as the effects of brainwashing. An easy out, popular among folks who resort to belittling another's level of intelligence because they disagree. I hope you don't mind my jumping into the middle of your discussion, but I would like to address this point of pro-life views being based on religion. I personally am pro-choice but would strongly limit third-trimester abortions since, at that stage, the fetus might start to have a mental existence. The great majority of Americans, on either side of the abortion debate apparently would also strongly limit third trimester abortions (I can supply the poll if you like). However, 2/3rds of Americans would allow abortion in the first trimester.   It is the pro-life view against first trimester abortions that has the least support in non-religioius arguements. I have occasionally asked the question to pro-life supporters: "What specifically, in that newly fertilized egg, is so precious as to deny the mother the right to her own body?" The answer I most often get is "because it is a human life and all human life is precious". This is a proclamation that, in nearly all cases, seems to come from religion. If there was independent non-religious reasoning behind that proclamation, then nobody who I have debated with has ever presented it. Perhaps you might.
He was guilty of blasphemy, the evidence is sooo clear he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us. This applies to modern day death penalty becuase when Jesus died for us he was accused of a crime. And now the death penalty kills people that have been accused of a crime. Where in Hell did you get such XXXX. Because that would be the only place you would have gotten such a blatant lie. What was his "blasphemy"? I have read all of your post and all you talk about is my facts being irrelevant, but as a Christian i belive Jesus and God are one, and the bible is the word of God so therefore its also the words of Jesus. I know that I've tried to make this argument before on another thread but Jesus was not God in that sence but the Son of God. God even says in the Bible that Jesus is his son so that they are apart of eachother but are not the same. Also, how do you know that a lot of the laws put into Leviticus were not just ones added by the chief priest? After all, the Bible was writen down by human hands.  Also I want to make reference to John 3: 16-17 (TEV* translation) 16: For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life. 17: For God did not send his Son into the world to be its judge, but to be its savior.         *I specify the translation because it seems that most of the posters are using KJV, which kind of annoys me when I try to read it.
  However, Jesus did the unexpected. He stooped down and wrote with His finger on the ground. What He wrote, we are not told. When the Pharisees insisted on an answer, He said, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her" (v.7) and continued writing.   One interesting fact about this story: only the woman was brought. No man was accused. Yet, adultery is definitely a two-person sin. Is it possible that Jesus wrote Leviticus 20:10 on the ground? It says, "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death." Notice, both the adulterer and the adulteress are to be put to death. Not one, but both.  At any rate, the consciences of the accusers began to accuse their own hearts. One by one, beginning with the eldest, they slipped away until no man was there to accuse the woman. With no accusers, there was no required penalty. Jesus had used the occasion to point out the hypocrisy of the scribes and Pharisees while at the same time showing His love to the unloved. He told the woman to go and sin no more.  Some think that Jesus started writting out the sins that the people there had commited and one by one they just left in shame.
How are you meant to tell if someone accepts forgiveness? You can't tell what a person truely feels.  -Wez  If the cost of Forgiveness 2000 makes a statement, IMO that will be an accepted measure of forgiveness.
so were basing opinions on a message written...in sand?
Yes but you are only partially guilty because there was only one woman there was no man yet, and adultery is a two part sin. Laws were different back then. And if the woman was put to death Jesus would still have forgave her, forgivness is there in both situations  They were caught in the act! What makes you think the man hadn't been caught? Surely if that were the only reason Jesus would have asked for him to be brought out? Why bother with the whole "let him who is without sin..." if it was just a case of the man being missing, why not just say that? And conservatives accuse liberals of overinterpreting...
of course jesus was for the death penalty. long before any legal system was in place, death was the penatly for sin. the concept of crime didnt even exist at the time. in fact, the mere fact that everbody dies (including animals and plants) is proof that sin has contaminated the planet and god's system of justice works  now, where jesus comes into the picture is that he was sinless. as the only sinless living thing on earth, jesus did not have the death penalty hanging over his head, and was pretty much indestructible (like god is). however, because his love for mankind moved him with compassion, he chose to make himself "killable", even though he never sinned. so he allowed himself to pay the penalty for sins he never commited (the death penalty), and... he died!  so to answer your question: yes. not only is jesus for the death penalty, he invented it. and no, he was not guilty, but he pleaded guilty anyway   That is not exactly true. There is written law going 2500+ years back and death penalty was not the most common punishment used. It was used only for specific crimes, while the most common practice was eye for an eye doctrine. At least until the time of the Roman Empire and their law. Lol, read your Bible more carefully next time. I don't know it in detail but well enough that I know your words are full of BS.
I didn't read all 34 pages, but I didn't see anything special about the case.  What makes it an important case?
It deals with the death penalty...really the court is one vote away from getting rid of it because some liberal judges don't like it.  I think if that happened, Texas probably will go back to being the lone star state.
..... this tells me that the government is doing their job in researching each case before the person is executed and are actually catching their own mistakes.  This subject has been debated over and over here without one mind being changed. I did find the above comment amusing. Dono
Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.  What about closure? Selfish I know, but somehow it seems like at least for me it would give me closure knowing the man who murdered my father is forever gone. That said I am still on the fence but I am too close to the subject to have an untainted opinion.
Yea we talked about it before he made me an honest woman :) He is right I just don't want to admit it.
 2. Abortions occur and are defended well past the point of even your twisted description of what, if not scraped away would be a child. True, a rare amount DO occur past what I consider the normal cutoff. HOwever, they ARE well defended, and I agree with them, as they are almost always cases where if the baby is not aborted the mother could die or experience severe health problems (those are pretty much the only reasons I know of for later term abortions)   4. The "lives" that "I" value are the innocents created by people not ready to parent and the victims of people who disregard the right to life of their victims and the torment of their victim's families. If you can not relate, you have not experienced the loss of a loved one to a murderer.    I do not see any connection between this "murder" that youspeak of , and abortion.
There are two subjects being discussed. One concerning abortion and one concerning the death penalty(murderers).  Once again you fail to read the post. I was replying to your one point that implied that people who have abortions and people who murder are pretty much the same.
That is a good question. I feel that different levels of crime deserve different levels of punishment. To me, rape is the worst crime you can commit against another person, and you forfeit your rights if you engage in such behavior. This includes your right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In a perfect world, we could just lock away people and throw away the key. If there was no possible way for them to get out, I might be willing to go with that. In some ways, allowing them to rot in a cell may be fitting. However, there have been cases where people who were sentenced to life in prison without parole got out anyway through a fluke, or, most famously, a furlough program. If a person breaks into your house and tries to kill you, are you more likely to try and rehabilitate them or shoot them? Sometimes, the only way to deal with certain criminals is to end their life, simply because they don't deserve to live. Who am I to decide if a person doesn't deserve to live? I'm not; that is why we have courts and juries. There's also the fact that many prisons these days provide convicts with all sorts of nice things: cable TV, videogame systems, etc. It's actually pretty sad how nice they can have it in prison.
Think how much harder being a correctional officer would be if these vermin had no diversions. Not really that hard. Some prisons are actually prisons instead of criminal resorts, and those are the best to put scum like them in. Try a Google for Supermax federal prisons. I think that those are the types we should have for all felons.
Today in Australia, the NSW government released a report stating that not enough is being done about rehabilitating prisoners, hence the jail population has increased dramatically. The other problem is that jails are the reaction to crime. Jailing people does not go to the root of the problem. Crime is the consequence of social problems caused by poverty. Poor people, mostly Black and Hispanics end up in jail, in other words those who are the 'debris' of society en up poor and in jail.
I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country. emoticon_wow   So the U.S. is more evil for dropping a bomb on Japan, and it was, what, more ethical for Russia to test one on their own citizens? Give me a break.
How about punishment? I don't think it is cruel and unsual to punish someone for a crime they have committed. They probably didn't think it was cruel or unusual to commit that crime, so if the punishment is only as terrible as the crime, then for that particular person, it is neither cruel nor unusual.  Punishment is not cruel and unusual. The issue is the form that punishment takes, not whether or not it is exacted.
ok, but isn't cruel and unusual relative to an individual? If someone is a serial killer, tortures his victims without blinking an eye, for days before he kills them, then for that person, torture for days is neither cruel nor unusual. So how could LWOP be cruel and unusual?   LWOP? leave without pay? Cruel and unsual is not subjective (relative to the individual). Rather the courst determine whether or not a given form of punishment is actually cruel and unusual for everyone (objective).  Huck
If you have a position please share it. No need to start new threads as some sort of news service.
If you have a position please share it. No need to start new threads as some sort of news service.  Well, the Vatican taking a proper moral stand is so rare and note worthy.
Good point.   This issue seems to have fallen by the wayside already. I'm under the impression they will be held like they have been in the past unless a lot more noise is made about it.
Hundreds of prisoners in Italy serving life sentences want the death sentence reinstated. They apparently think that a life sentence is worse than death:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6707865.stm
Ask yourself this smiley, who gets life without parole ? Mass muderers, first degree killers, pre meditated murderers, multiple offense Rapist/killers, Child abducter/rapist/murderers and convicted 3 strike violent felons. Are you telling me that brutally violent repeat offenders who get off on causing human misery deserve the comforts of home as punishment for commiting these heinous crimes ? You see, I firmly believe that men can commit such terrible crimes that they forfeit their rights to breathe our air any longer. But short of the death sentance, then yes, life without parole should be hard and no fun whatsoever, and I mean ever.   Your own god-concept doesn't agree with you.  28Because he considereth, and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.  32For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye. Ezekiel 18  Your god sees no degree of sins. Shaving your beard, baby-rape, etc, are all punishable by death. That is, unless you repent. :xbanghead
I think I must agree with Smiley.   Archangel, your 'applicable only when it suits my needs' approach to Christianity is really clearly spelled out in this argument. Wishing suffering, despair, and hopelessness on someone is not exactly loving the sinner. Making conditions so bad that he "prays for death" is not being your brother's keeper.   Being able to quote scripture ad nauseum in support of your arguments does not make you a good Christian. You actually need to understand the scripture and apply it to your life as well. Something many bible toting, scripture quoting people just don't seem able to do.
Hundreds of prisoners in Italy serving life sentences want the death sentence reinstated. They apparently think that a life sentence is worse than death.  This is interesting, because I'm sure most of the death row inmates in the United States would rather serve life sentences. I wonder what lifers in other European nations are advocating? I don't know a great deal about the Italian corrections system, but I'm sure the underlying reasons relate specifically to imprisonment conditions. However, it could be a number of factors.
Mass muderers, first degree killers, pre meditated murderers, multiple offense Rapist/killers, Child abducter/rapist/murderers and convicted 3 strike violent felons. Are you telling me that brutally violent repeat offenders who get off on causing human misery deserve the comforts of home as punishment for commiting these heinous crimes ? You see, I firmly believe that men can commit such terrible crimes that they forfeit their rights to breathe our air any longer. But short of the death sentance, then yes, life without parole should be hard and no fun whatsoever, and I mean ever.  You're right, why not simply kill these people in the shortest amount of time possible. I got it! We can advertise each killing (hanging, rock slaying, Guillotine, etc.) weeks in advance, kinda like moves, and show it on pay-per-view. You can buy tickets to watch the show live as well. I mean c'mon, if we're going to have the death penalty we might as well utilize in the most gruesome, cost efficient, and swift method possible. Right? That is how punishment was executed a few centuries ago.  Honestly, how you feel is how a lot of people culturally conceive such offenders. In regards to the death penalty debate, it falls along a continuum between morality and scientific reasoning.
Peter,  I find it very hard to forgive people for committing such heinous crimes.   I am reminded that the first thing the Amish parents whose children were murdered was to reach out to the family of the killer and inquire if THEY could do anything for THEM.  Now THAT'S the true Christian spirit.emoticon_xangel
Peter,  I find it very hard to forgive people for committing such heinous crimes.   I am reminded that the first thing the Amish parents whose children were murdered was to reach out to the family of the killer and inquire if THEY could do anything for THEM.  Now THAT'S the true Christian spirit.emoticon_xangel  You will find some very very good people among the Amish. People who DO practice what they preach. Even though I cannot accept their beliefs I have often admired their moral consistency and conviction. Deep character development. Friends of the species. Good examples of humanity.
Sorry for the double. The edit functions didn't work, so I had to post this twice to correct 2 items.  I have found that you will get better results on edits if you just go right to the advanced editor and skip the simple one. The simple one often hangs up when you save - no explantion just observation.
I'm not saying some people shouldn't be kept away from society. But the quality of our prisons are awful, and IMO, it would make far more sense to send most of these individuals to college instead. Cost a lot less in money and in stress to society overall. And probably give our econony a good kick in the butt.  Gee I don't know about that college idea. Somehow I would rather that my doctor, or lawyer, or broker not be a former mugger, extortionist, arsonist, rapist, or killer! Not very much of a confidence builder!
You will find some very very good people among the Amish. People who DO practice what they preach. Even though I cannot accept their beliefs I have often admired their moral consistency and conviction. Deep character development. Friends of the species. Good examples of humanity.  Don't forget that they know how to beat their kids and cow their women folk too. I've known Amish...  "Spare the rod and spoil the child" "women, be submitted to your husbands"  Closed communities tend to the sever.
As to the subject of prison conditions. They're more to help the guards than the prisoners. Harsh conditions would result in irrate and problemsome inmates.  Since guards aren't paid that much and there aren't enough of them, you want their jobs to be as problem free as possible. I certainly wouldn't do their job.  I've worked at a youth shelter in the past...it was tough enough dealing with ADHD type teens...< emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xagree emoticon_xbye emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xchicken
Many economists are so obsessed with statistics that they lose sight of meaning. A study of cause and effect requires experimental design in which a single variable is manipulated or allowed to vary, correlational design can at best hint at relationships between variables, even when sophisticated factor analytic techniques are employed.  In this case what we have is a correlation, and the very likely possibility that a third, fourth or fifth factor results in both decreased murder rates and increased executions.  By the same logic many economists use, we could find any number of absurd things. For example there is a well known correlation between skyscraper construction and economic downturn, we could conclude from this that tall buildings depress economies and that recessions can be avoided if we disallow the construction of record-height buildings.  The other thing economists need to realise is that economic statistics are entirely historical, they provide empirical information about a particular group at a particular time, not universal truths about mankinds' behaviour in general. Even if we run an experimental design in the realm of human action showing X causes Y, differing social and cultural norms may result in the precise opposite effect at another period of time.
With enough of a population size, you can check the effects of dozens of variables at once.   You can check the statistical relationship between dozens of variables, not the effects of them.  For example if I correlated left hand strength with right hand strength across a billion individuals I would probably find a correlation of about 0.93, however this relationship is not causal, cutting off one hand will not result in a 90% strength reduction in the other.  Correlational studies like this one can not determine cause and effect.  So, the cavaet is "The death penalty is a deterrent in the USA TODAY!" I can live with that  That would (almost) be a valid conclusion if the study employed experimental rather than correlational design, a very difficult thing with regard to broad social trends, but the only way such a conclusion could be validated. Even if that were true, it would not say "death penalty is a deterrent TODAY", it would say "death penalty was a deterrent on average over the period in which the study took place"
I'm afraid I have no examples, but isn't ONE too many?  Is one too many people wrongfully convicted and sent to life in prison where they died behind bars?
just bumping this because it seems to have been overlooked...  And perhaps you have overlooked the issue of abortion relating to crime. Who knows if were actually aborting future murderers? Aren't you for crime prevention?
murder  noun [C or U]  the crime of intentionally killing a person:  (Cambridge Dictionary)  to execute a prisoner is murder, for it is an intentional killing. It is State sanctioned murder. They make it legal that's all.  By that definition if it is legal then it is not murder. Notice it says "the crime".
