calli, i know you are a christian and that is why i make christian comments in our debates. i am against the death penalty for moral reasons. Christ taught us in the beatitudes that we should not "take an eye for an eye". this is clearly against the death penalty.  you are a very very immoral person, calli. i dont mean to sound judgemental or anything. but the comment that you made in the last post was horrific. "the prisons are already over-crowded as it is"?????? is that why we should execute people. what you are saying is that we should murder people because the prisons are overcrowded. our schools are overcrowded, so i'm just going to force you to drop out and never have the opportunity to go to college. ok?
"You have heard it said in the old law, "An eye for an eye", but I tell you, resist this evil and turn then the other cheek."  It doesn't get any clearer than that. Straight from the mouth of Jesus Christ, the man that defines Christianity in the quest to be like him in every way. There is no way to dispute this, I don't even see the argument if you're a Christian.
it also says that we should stone a child if he talks back to his parents. do you believe we should do that as well? that was the OLD LAW. those punishments do not apply anymore.  your problem is that you follow everything written in the bible except the words of Jesus. both me and thistown give examples of things that Christ said that are very frank about the death penalty. and then you throw us something written in numbers. c'mon calli. it is quite clear that Jesus did not support the death penalty. i dont see how someone can be both a christian and a supporter of death.
so we should stone children who backtalk to their parents?  you cant take everything literally in the bible, and even if you did, that was the OLD LAW. ever heard of the old covenant and the new covenant?
If you'll take the time to read on a few verses you'll also find that we are put to death anyone who strikes another in anger, with fist or otherwise. Back up in Numbers and you'll find that if we touch a woman in her menstrual cycle that we are to sacrifice 2 doves and a lamb.   Fallingupwards is right, these are the old laws, the laws that Jesus either dismissed or upheld in his 2 commandments. Here is what I am saying, Jesus is the ultimate authority, he not only strongly condemned capitol punishment, but he took an active role to do away with the evil. Under the same old law that you quote the adulterous woman should have, by the law that God spoke, been put to death. But Jesus saved her. His presence marked the beginning of the new covenant, in which all the old laws were forged into two.   It seems like that is the only thing that people use the old testament for anymore, they pull tiny bits and pieces to try to back up there opinion. You can't base a life and death decision on one verse and ignore the next. So unless you believe that we should put everyone to death who has every hit anyone, then your argument is useless.  Mine however is from the mouth and actions of Jesus, your's is from man's innate and selfish need for vengeance.
Calli, much of the old testament law was put asunder when Christ died on the cross. Christ brought with him a new law and a new covenant. Christians should focus more on the teaching of Christ than Moses (whom you love to quote). Not saying the o.t. is not important, but the new testament is much more relevant to Christianity than the old.
Even if you take capitol punishment completely out of the realm of God and religion, specifically Christianity, it is wrong.
once again calli, should we stone children who talk back to their parents? moses told us to.  you take the words of moses more seriously than the words of Jesus Christ!! and you say that Christ never told us to show people mercy? ummmm, hello?????? Christ is love and mercy. we are supposed to be Christ-like. therefore we should show mercy as well.
i'm sorry. all i can do i chuckle quietly to myself. (in reference to a comment two posts up)
Ok I don't know where to start Calli, you're just being ridiculously close-minded and ignorant.   "So what if he said to "turn the other cheek". Did he say "If a man kills another man, give the murderer mercy"? No! When he says to turn the other cheek, he means that if somebody is rude to you, mocks you, etc. don't be rude back to them. Show them God's love and mercy. He didn't say that if they killed you you should "turn the other cheek"." - Calli  I don't even know where to start on this one. I can't believe that you just said "So what if Jesus said....?" And no your twisting the words of Jesus Christ to say what you want them to say. He didn't say when some was "rude" to you to turn the other cheek. Good Lord Calli, immediatly proceeding "turn then the other cheek" he says, "You have heard it said, an eye for en eye (Old Testament Law), but I tell you, resist this evil (an eye for an eye is evil), AND TURN THEN THE OTHER CHEEK. How could anyone with an IQ misinterpret that???   "Jesus came as an ultimate sacrifice so that our sins could be "put to death" on the cross..." Do you not realize how many times you contradicted yourself in this post?? You speak of our sins being "put to death" on the cross...so these sins that we are supposed to show mercy towards only apply when someone is rude to us???  You apparently have no idea what mercy and love and forgiveness are. Not the love and mercy and forgiveness that a man named Jesus Christ lived and died for. Bottom line, he rebuked it, calling it an "evil", he stopped people trying to put someone to death under the same laws that you love to quote, and then he forgave the very people that killed him in his last breath. It doesn't strike as funny that Jesus's last words were to forgive the people to killed him? JESUS HATED CAPITOL PUNISHMENT. Can you not see this, it is vividly, painfully clear to anyone who is willing to open their eyes.  Even if you choose to cling to these Old Testament laws at least admit that Jesus Christ, the man who defines and embodies what it is to be a Christian HATED the death penalty. Admit that.
have you guys ever heard of a metaphor? serioulsy think about this. most of the Bible is a metaphor. Jesus himself spoke in metaphor to teach. the entire book Revelation is nothing but an extended metaphor. I seriously doubt that He was talking about a real sword in Romans. Take a look at the life, the works, the teachings, and the heart of Jesus Christ. tell me if He would put somebody to death. the only way you can really support capitol punishment is you would be willing to do it yourself. I'm not saying that you have to go do it, would just have to be willing to if you were every asked. that will never happen, but that's not the point. anyway, I know that Christ wouldn't have done that. Capitol punishment is not o.k., no matter how you try to justify it, and if you are using Jesus Christ as justification, then you are definitely never going to find that justification.
Good Lord. Do you even know who wrote Romans? His name is Paul, and he is not God, he is not Jesus Christ. He believed that women should never come out of the house. Yes he was a great man but you can not quote him as if he is God.   And you've completely removed the context. Paul was writing to the people under the law of the Romans. He states that "these authorities that exist have been instated under God." This statement does not span the ages. Surely you don't believe that Cambodian, Nazi Germany, Iraqian, and Somalian Governments were instated by God and his servant in government. He was addressing a particular people in a particular time. He was telling them to keep in line.  Paul's word is truly great, but he is only Paul. Try again.
Bottom Line: Before the coming of Jesus Christ our sins were not accounted for, the sentence was to die, there was no forgiveness. Upon the death of Jesus this Old Law changed, we could seek atonement without a lamb or a dove. It's called the new law.   And here is another thing: you're not God. Neither is the government. Just because God does something doesn't mean that we can. That's just common sense. You are trying to put yourself on the same level as God, "well he killed people, so I can to". You and I both know that's wrong. He has his reasons that you and I can't even begin to comprehend, who are we kidding when we think we can say who deserves to live and die.  Sure God has the right to kill people, he is God after all. But Jesus Christ told us point blank that capitol punishment was downright evil. And you can't dispute that.
"You have heard it said, an eye for an eye, but I tell you RESIST THIS EVIL, and turn then the other cheek."  Summary: You've always been told an eye for an eye, but I say that it is evil. I'll even prove it and save this woman who should be executed under the Old Law, yes she should be executed but since Christianity is about love and forgiveness and seeing as how much I hate the death penalty I'm going to stand up and face an angry mob of men with stones alone. As if this isn't enough my very last words before I died were to forgive the men who killed me.   The story wouldn't have quite been the same if Jesus's last words were, "Father, make sure they are dealt with accordingly. An eye for an eye."  Come on.
Oh I'm not saying that the govenrment should do away with the death penalty on these grounds, I'm saying that Christian people should oppose it, you said it yourself. In the personal life of a Christian, we turn the other cheek. And I think that there is no question that Jesus was against the death penalty. You show me one place where he even hints that he's not. So far all I've heard is Old Testament and Paul.  And I don't quite see the significance of whether or not Jesus seeked out the adulterous woman. Why does that matter? He told them that she should not be executed under the law of that time. That doesn't sound like personal life to me, he is directly opposing the governmental law. Roman law said she should be put to death, Jesus said no, that law is wrong. You're deluding yourselves, man is born with an evil desire for vengeance and you're trying to justify it in scriptures. You're grasping at straws, ("we don't know what he wrote in the sand"), it was probably "I'm for the death penalty".
american, would Jesus take anyone's life? no. Jesus was against the death penalty.  why do conservative christians read and follow the words of paul more than the words of Christ?
Ok Calli - Moses one of the prophets that you speak of:  Exodus 21: When you buy a Hebrew slave he shall serve for 6 years.  When a man sells his daughter as a slave....  Whoever strikes a man shall be put to death.  Whoever kidnaps a person shall be put to death.  There is no need to go on, read Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Dueteronomy. Jesus didn't abolish the law of the prophets, he changed them as necessary when one goes from bearing the full weight of one's sins on their shoulders to having a sviour do it for you.   "Like American said, the "turn the other cheek" verse only applies to our personal lives."  And that is the biggest cop-out I have ever heard. Like I said, when Jesus saved the adulterous woman he wasn't appealing to personal lives, he was going against the law of the day. It was these men's "duty" under Roman law to put this woman away. but Jesus stopped them. Both of you know this.   And Patriot I believe tha Jesus believed in punsihment, but I think he believed in CONSTRUCTIVE punishment, and the death penalty is anything but destrutive.  And Calli, a fundamental part of being a Christian is sharing with others. Tell me how this works because I don't quite see it. A man sins (murder), we know that he needs help, he is apparently far from God and since it is our mission to tell him about what he could be outside of himself...we kill him, never give him a chance to change, completely and instantly banish him to an eternity in Hell so that we humans can have our primitive neanderthal sense of vengeance fulfilled. Who are you to make that Judgement?
"Sorry, but the verse says "servant", not slave. Two completely different things." - Calli  Well your translation says servant, but that doesn't matter. You obviously know nothing about that time in history, a servant was a slave, period. And the literal translation of the word "advut" is slave, there was no word for servant, because they were the same.  "Read the whole verse, not just part of it. "If you buy a Hebrew servant, he is to serve you for six years. But in the seventh year, he shall go free." Slavery back then was completely different then it is now. This debate is not about slavery it is about the death penalty, stick with the subject." - Calli  You have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. Absolutely none. Slavery in that time was not equivalent to an indetured servant if thats what you're referring to. Slavery was absolute. It was slavery, what are you trying to pull? And I am sticking to the subject, you interpret that verse as that nothing changed in the transition to the new covenant. Well things did, period.   "He wasn't "going against the law of the day". He was simply telling the pharisees that they were not guiltless, so they shouldn't go around judging people. The adultress did not kill anyone, she committed adultry." - Calli  He was going against the law as much as one can. Capitol punishment is not just the execution of murderers, but the execution of anyone by the state. In that time adultery was punishable by death by law, and Jesus said that law was wrong.  "We never give them a chance? Guess what happens when people are in prison(or on death row)? Pastors and Ministers come and talk to them and ask them if they want God's forgiveness." - Calli  The average life of someone on death row is almost 3 years. You're a very short-sighted person Calli. You don't see something wrong in saying "Ok God you've got 2 years to get something started in this person before we kill him." That's just pathetic. You have no idea of what the Gospel is. You keep spouting this XXXX about "it only applies to personal lives". Well what is your decision on whether to support the death penalty? It's personal.
To take this out of religion:  1. Oh and the death penalty does not deter crime. It is a proven fact. People who commit murder do not engage in probability analysis before they kill.  2. The death penalty is extremely expensive, the average cost including trial, death row imprisonment, state costs, etc. is 3,200,000 dollars, six times the expense of 60 years in prison. By banishing the death penalt alone California could save 90,000,000 dollars per year.  The major cost of capitol punishment trials are the appeals (I know some of you will bring this up). Limit the appeals so we can put them down quicker and minimize costs. To date Stanford Law School through DNA and case review has PROVEN that 3 innocent people have been put to death, 2 in Mississippi and 1 in Florida. They have only reviewed 36 cases, and 3 for 36 is absolutely appalling. We can't take away a person's only hope when life is on the line, or this number will skyrocket even higher than it is. Thusfar, 48 people have been sentenced to death and then found completely innocent.  3. The death penalty reduces public safety, imagine what California's police system could do with 90,000,000 extra dollars per year. An argument for putting people to death is so that they can never escape and kill again. Only .06% of people who have killed kill again when they escape, are released, etc. Which would save more lives? Imagine how many lives would be saved if California State Police had 90,000,000 dollars extra to buy bullet proof vests, hire extra policemen, prolong investiations,etc.  4. The death penalty is arbitrary. National averages in 1997: Black kills white - 20.1% are executed White kills black: - 5.7% executed White kills black - 2.9% executed Black kills black - 0.8% executed If this doesn't show that our own personal discriminations and prejudices are intertwined with who lives and who dies I don't know what does.   Income discrimination. Do you think if OJ Simpson would have been a middle class teacher he would have avoided the cahir. Of course not. He bought his way out of death. It goes both ways. Innocent men are convicted because they can't afford a decent lawyer.  Governer Ryan of Illinois, a devout believer in capitol punishment, commuted all something like 120 death row cases down to life after he found that the State prosecution had ACTUALLY WITHHELD evidence that would prove the innocence of men about to die.   It is so incredibly obvious that this system is so intrinsically and inheritantly flawed that there is only 1 thing to be done with it. It should be abolished.
so patriot, you value the words of paul more than Christ (the Son of God)??? paul may have been inspired by God but we must remember that he was human. Jesus was God!!! paul was human just like the rest of us and his personal feelings about certain issues could have leaked into his writings. like when it says women are not be allowed to preach. this is not how God feels. that is how paul felt. why dont you try listening to Jesus next time you read the Bible. the whole bible is important to read, but the words of Christ are the MOST important thing we should read and follow. after all, we are supposed to be Christ-like, NOT paul-like or moses-like. i worship Jesus Christ, not moses and not paul. sorry if i offended you patriot or calli
You're entire argument revolves around the fact that "Jesus was talking to us, not the government". Well I'm talking to you , not the government. You said it yourself, Jesus is talking to you. So why do you believe in the death penalty?  And Patriot, I don't discredit the Old Testament...but when the laws of the Old Testament come in direct conflict with the direct words of Jesus Christ, I go with the man that God created implicitly as an example, to show us the way when we are confused.  "Again, Jesus is talking to us, not the Government! The government has different rules. If the government was run on the basis of "turning the other cheek" America would not be America. Such a state of disorder cannot be what God intended." Patriot  How do you know? You accuse me of misinterpretation and then spout off whatever pops into your mind with absolutely NO biblical base. And what state of disorder do you speak of? Do you honestly that America would fall to anarchy and chaos if we did away with the death penalty? Life in prison is not exactly going to bring out a state of disorder.   Oh, and thank you for pointing out that the adulterous woman and the "you have heard it said an eye for an eye..." were seperate...unfortunately I never made any references that they were together, or had anything to do with each other other than the fact that both showed Jesus's feelings toward the death penalty. So check up on things a little more next time before you start throwing around blind accusations.  "Why do liberal Christians disregard the Old Testament? Is it because they cannot reconcile their positions unless they ignore it? Why don't THEY read and follow God's Word through Paul? Is it because they cannot reconcile their postitions with what is said by Paul?" - Patriot  Why do you pick and choose what you think is applicable from the old testament? The things that you find relevant and useful are legitimate and you ignore the rest. If it works for your argument, fine, if it doesn't forget about it (as you did in my earlier post).   "My friend, when you sin, you may become a Christian afterwards... but that doesn't free you from the consequences of your bad choices before! You still have to pay the price." - Patriot  Whoa, whoa my friend. yes it does. We call it the forgiveness of God.  And you speak of making a stretch, that guy DeMar quote is borderline delusional. How many assumptions does it require?  OK, I believe that Paul was inspired by God, but still a human, you believe in a possession of sorts and that God literally spoke through Paul. Does God believe that women are infererior, should stay quite in church services, and should generally not leave the home? I think not. I believe that Paul was human, and being so he poured some of his flaws into his writings.   Oh and I guess I am getting a little repititous, maybe it's because no one has answered anything. You skirt and evade.  "Keep up the good fight!" - Calli  This right here is the problem...self-righteous Christians who believe that they are above anyone who disagrees with them. I suppose I am fighting the "bad fight" Calli, and you the Paladin of righteousness are here to show me the way. I go by the word of Jesus, and he said it was wrong, once by mouth and twice by actions, and until anyone can show me that JESUS CHRIST, not Paul, not Moses, meant something other than what he says I'll stick to my repetitive questions.
And if anyone is willing to debate the death penalty on terms outside of Christianity please feel free to respond to my above post.
lets keep up the "bad fight" thistown:)
both me and thistown have quoted Jesus to support our stance on the death penalty. you have yet to do so. is it maybe because Jesus was against the death penalty?
so Jesus supported ALL of the punishments that were in the book of numbers and leviticus. i hope you realize what you are saying when you say this. read some of those punishments...
we'll move that debate over there, because ghetto will probably get really XXXXXX if we discuss it here. and we dont want to offend him...
You think that people should be able to pray over intercoms??
I don't know if there is any alterior reasoning for death row other than the segregation and increased surveillance of people condemned to die.  And no, in theory there are no laws saying that a person on death row gets more appeals than a person with a life sentence. It just happens that courts use common sense in the decision of who gets an appeal, one has a lifetime to make the case of his innocence, the other a year or two. So following from that, death row inmates on average appeal several times in 1 year while lifers appeal a few times in 50 or whatever. It's these appeals that cost us a fortune. The average cost of putting someone to death after everything is around 4 million dollars. So financially it is flawed. Also in the area of saving the greater number of lives it is flawed.
Then who do you think should decide who gets appeals and who doesn't?  And you talk about people in for life not having anything to live for, think of a man who knows unequivically that he has only a few months to live. He would be a danger to the rest of the population. People under these positions need to be under increased surveillance. I think that there is a need for death row.
As of 1997, 48 people have been sentenced to die and then found innocent in an appeal...and that was 1997, more since then. You can't take these people's time, it's all they have. You can't limit appeals because people have been redeemed in their 3rd and 4th appeals. It's going to cost millions per case, you can't change that.
sarablaze, so we should just kill our prisoners because there might be a chance that we can get nuked? you accuse calli of being harsh, but look at yourself first. that is just as harsh as justifying the death penalty because prisons are too overcrowded.
if you are truly a Christian, then you would be a follower of Jesusm, correct?? well didnt Jesus say that "eye for an eye" is wrong??  security is extremely tight, especially for murderers in prison. there is no chance on earth that they could possibly escape, or murder another inmate.
actually you said "what if they start killing other inmates". so i responded by saying security is very tight there and they wouldnt be able to
Ummm...I beg to differ with you there Sara, about the security and all. My dad was a chaplain in a medium security prison for 20 years, I attended his services at least twice a week from about age 6. Then he moved to a high security prison when I was about 15. In all his 20 years, there was never one escape at the medium prison, and also none in his 4 years at the maximum. Prison security is not a problem as far as escape...escape is so incredibly rare that I don't even think it should be considered as an argument for capital punishment. People just manipulate and exaggerate a minute, almost non-existant statistic to back up their position.
how would he go about killing his inmate? there are security guards everywhere. and last time i checked, prisoners are not allowed to have any weapons with them in prison.  patriot, you say that you are against the prison system. well what do you suggest we do to someone who robs a bank? give him the death penalty?
its kind of hard to murder someone without any weapons. unless you like smother them with your pillow or something.  but why would you care if they murder their inmates? after all, all prisoners should be executed anyway, right!!  :)
Even if the death penalty is beneficial to society is it alright to sacrifice the lives of a few innocent people for the public good? Do the means justify the ends?  Since 1976, 13 innocent people have been released from Illinois' death row.
I agree strongly with Tim. I know how painful it is to loose a family member, but are you really willing to kill just one innocent person??:(
Despite the constitutional requirement for representation, in some municipal and state courts almost every accused Georgian is processed without an attorney.  Many adults and juveniles without an attorney plead guilty and are sentenced without the assistance of a lawyer.  Even after a lawyer has been appointed, many people cannot communicate with their lawyers because the lawyers do not visit the jail, accept telephone calls from their clients, or reply to communications. In fact, many people meet their attorney for the first time in court and are advised minutes later to plead guilty before the lawyer has done any investigating, research or preparation. ~As you can see we have many flaws in our courts today...we had even more 40 years ago. A man in Alabama was sentenced to death with the evidence of just four bullets..nothing else. He waited forty years on death row until his case was reopened and was found irrefutably innocent. This is just one of many many cases.
"Every system has its flaws. Does that mean that we should abolish every system?"  This is different. Innocent people die, innocent people sit and contemplate their own death for years before they are liberated by DNA, etc. I agree with you that we should not abolish a system based upon good intention based on a flaw, but only to a certain extent. In this particular instant perfection is demanded, and the fact that innocent people die is not a "flaw", it goes against what the death penalty is supposed to support; the innocent. It was designed to protect the innocent, but in numerous cases it has done the opposite; it has taken the life of the innocent.
Every system has its flaws. Does that mean that we should abolish every system?   No, we shouldn't abolish every flawed system. However, when the flaw results in putting innocent people to death, it is not worth the risk.  In 26 years the death penalty has been in effect in my home state of Illinois, there have been more people exonerated due to irrefutable evidence than have been put to death. I think that constitutes a serious problem.  Illinois just allowed 167 death row inmates released from death row. Just in case one of them might not be guilty. I say, what about the other 166 that are guilty?   Just so you know Peach, the 167 death row inmates are now serving life in prison. At least that one who's not guilty might now have a chance to be free.
Did you not read a word he wrote? His/her homestate of Illinois exhonerates more people from death row than they do execute them. Do you know why? Because the courts are flawed. They convict innocent people. If I remember correctly one of the reason Governer Ryan did the mass moratorium and pardons across the board was in part becuase they found state prosecutors withholding key evidence which PROVED the accused innocent.  You can't take away their right to appeals, it's the innocent's only chance for life. If you take away these appeals then every single one of the pardons given to men on death row (there have been 157) would have been put to death. You would put 150 innocent people to death for the sake of "swift justice" or whatever bullcrap you called it. You're missing the hypocrisy. The court is their for "justice", but they turn on that when they put innocent people to death. The system is horrible flawed.
Every system has its flaws. Does that mean that we should abolish every system? I'm sorry for putting it that way. Of course we have our flaws as everyone does, but if we can find some way to correct that flaw, than we are somewhat closer to what our ideal government would be. If the courts are there to protect the innocent, than should it not take the greatest strides to protect them? Even if, yes, someone guilty has life in prison instead of death? I know this is a very touchy issue, and I'll try not to state my opinions too bluntly, but how does death help anything at all? Does it make anyone safer, rather than the guilty one spending life in prison? Or is it, in fact, just a source of "revenge" (I'm sorry I couldn't think of another word to express this)?
Vengeance is exactly the right word.
If a water pipe breaks, you shut off the water flow to the pipe before you try to fix it. If you don't, it makes it harder to fix and it creates more of a mess.  Similarly, the death penalty system is broken. If we don't stop it before we try to fix it, we will make it harder to fix and we will create more of a mess.
After the person's case is thoroughly investigated, and they are guilty, the death penalty should stay   But the problem is with determining whether or not a person ACTUALLY is guilty. If we could determine 100% for sure whether or not a person is guilty, I would definitely be pro-death penalty. However, I don't think it is worth the risk to sacrifice one innocent life in order to punish others.
The hundred men and women who have been exhonerated from death row were tried "thoroughly", whatever that means, the government was granting them no more appeals, their situation was hopeless. Stanford Law Students took on their cases independently without charge and through DNA and other means proved their innocence unequivocally. These men were tried, appealed numerous times, and STILL found guilty, had it not been for Stanford Law these men would be dead. Just as brutally and horribly murdered as the victims of the crimes except that the we the American people killed them in the name of justice.  Even, more disturbing Stanford re-examined a total of 5 cases in which the accused was already put to death that seemed off to them. 3 were proven innocent through DNA. Murdered by their country.  Yes you're right it is impossible to investigate every single death row case to the extent that it needs to be investigated, so therefore innocent men are being put to death and as long as the system stays they will continue to be put to death. So why? Why waste BILLIONS of dollars on a system in which innocent people die? Whose only cause is to fulfill man's born desire for revenge? The same will be accomplished by locking a man up for life, and cheaper too. Think of the lives that the millions and millions dollars that will be saved if the death penalty was abolished could save. California spends an average of 90 million dollars on death penalties per year. Think of the extra policemen, extra funding, etc that it could provide. Now you tell me which will save more lives? Is it worth the death that an extra policeman could prevent so that we can get our revenge?
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.   If ALL men have the right to life, do we have the right to take it away because they committed a crime?
That right to life was taken away, I agree, but we will not accomplish anything if we kill someone else.
Here's the problem...you can't divide people into law-abiding citizens and hardened criminals, murder is a crime of passion and rage. People don't think about the consequences when they pull the trigger. And how would you go about getting a statistic like that? Send around a poll and ask "Have you ever almost killed someone, only to think about the death penalty and change your mind?"   But lets say that this is true (which I highly doubt). Approaching this from a mathematical perspective, how many people could be saved with the money that could be saved by doing away with the death penalty? What could the California police department do with the extra 90 million dollars a year funding if the death penalty was done away with?   I guarantee you it would be more than 15. (And I don\'t believe that statistic, even if i was pro-capitol punishment. I respect DSA, but "because DSA said so doesn\'t quite satisfy me."
You\'re dodging the point.
I finally found the stats I mentioned in an earlier post:  People put to death in Illinois: 7 People exonerated due to irrefutable evidence: 13  Don\'t you think there\'s a problem when almost 2/3rds of the death penalty cases result in exoneration.
I think I posted this earlier, but I'll post it again.  If you have a water pipe break, you shut off the water until it is fixed. If you don't shut off the water, you have a greater mess, and the problem is harder to fix. By the same token, if we keep administering the death penalty while the system is broken, we will have a much greater risk of putting someone innocent to death.
I would support the death penalty IF there was a way to ensure that it would not put innocent people to death. However, when more people are being let off death row because they are innocent than are being put to death, there is a serious problem. That is what we need to fix before we put anyone else to death.
In Illinois alone something like 17 or 18 people have been exonerated in the past few years.
This isn't a matter of reform...it is a matter of perfection. The death penalty by nature requires a PERFECT body to govern it, we will never obtain that, we'll never come close. People are standing outside of prisons with signs that read "Fry the bastard", while inside the United States Government systematically murders innocent men. It has happened, it will continue to happen.  Until someone shows me something besides "because DSA said so" I do not believe the 15 murders prevented stat. No possible way to obtain a statistic like that and have any accuracy at all.   And Calli use a little common sense, the entire collective country puts a few hundred people to death per year at most, out of the millions of incarcerated, these are just a drop in the bucket. Space is not an issue. It's an extremely weak argument that we should kill to "save space" when the executed make up about .002% of the total population.
it seems that stopping the death penalty is an unecessary step  Stopping the death penalty is not an unnecessary step. If we don't stop the death penalty now, we will put innocent people to death while we try to fix the problems.  Why not just work to reform the justice system, instead of working to stop the death penalty, then working to reform the justice system, and THEN working to reinstitute the death penalty.  As thistown just said, the death penalty is a matter of PERFECTION. If we don't stop the death penalty before we try to fix it, the imperfect system will continue to convict innocent people while we determine what is best for it. We need to halt the death penalty before anyone else gets unjustly sentenced, then fix the problems (if that is even possible), and then, when we have safeguards in place, reinstitute it.
How can you measure something like that. There is no way to determine how many murders would have been committed.
In my opinion the death penalty is the very wrong way to work against criminal activity like murdering! It is bad enough that human beings are able to be so cruel towards each other and especially are able to kill. But I think this cannot be any reason to establish death penalty! If we execute death penalty, we will not be better than murderers. This is no way to solve criminal problems! This is only immoral! People, who support death penalty, should use their brain and think about correctness of their behaviour. Of course it is much more easier to kill murderers than teaching and helping them to find back into society life. This attitude I will never understand! Finally I am very glad to live in a country, where everyone has got the right to live and nobody tries to play god deciding, who is allowed to live and who not!
If a person takes a life they shold give their life.  I agreew with you in principle. However, I see too many flaws in our justice system to make it useful at this point.  I am tired of seeing people on death row for 20 or 30 years before they are put to death. Get it done and over with in a reasonable amount of time...like five years.  Yet, the longer we wait, the more technology could be developed that would prove a person innocent. I agree that 20-30 years is a little too long (and most cases don't go this long), but I would say that we should wait at least 10-15.
Is the Death Penalty good for society ?   NO! the dealth penalty does nothing to help society! killing a person, no matter the reason, is still murder. y should that be justified? By killing a person who murdered someone, you are just doing the same thing you are punishing him/her for. plus, what if u were wrong? and u put an innocent person to death??
NO! the dealth penalty does nothing to help society! killing a person, no matter the reason, is still murder. y should that be justified? By killing a person who murdered someone, you are just doing the same thing you are punishing him/her for.   I disagree with you here, Ice. If a person commits murder, I don't believe they deserve to live.   plus, what if u were wrong? and u put an innocent person to death??  This is where my major problem with the death penalty lies. Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan issued a mass commutation of all death row inmates. Here are the stats from the time that the death penalty was reinstated in Illinois (1978) to the time that Ryan issued the mass commutation: People actually put to death: 7 People put on death row, then found innocent: 13  Should we be killing people if the justice system was wrong in AT LEAST 65% of capital cases???? I think not.
Does anyone find it odd that with the higher costs of a capital punishment case (given capriciously out), that fall to the county in which the case is to be prosecuted in, that the counties often must cut social services to pay for these cases and in cutting these social services allow for more polential murders to fall through the cracks before stopping them on the path of violence?   So we kill killers, but in the end, end up with more murders.   Doesn't seem logical to me at all.
The death penalty is hypocritical. As a nation that declares itself civilized and not barbaric we sure do have a lot of violent tendencies. How do you go about justifying a murder? Fight fire with fire? I honestly don't see how capital punishment is beneficial, but it does quell overcrowding which seems to be quite a dilemma in the U.S. However, I find it crude to execute a man in the same manner he's condemned for. Killing someone for murder is nothing but murder. It doesn't justify the perpetrator's wrongdoings; it simply brings about gratification and a fulfillment of vengeance for the victimized families. Therefore, I'm not a proponent of state sponsored murder. It's wrong, it's immoral and it's hypocritical. You can't nullify a murder's hurt by executing the (wo)man who committed the crime. I also can't fathom devout christians condoning execution. Afterall, didn't God decree that vengeance was not man's job? Didn't God also include "Thou shalt not kill" to the ten commmandments?  I've often made self-inquiries and have thought and pondered vigorously about the point of execution. At first I thought it was to intimidate young people as a scare tactic to marginalize the numbers of homocides committed, but then looking at statistics I realized this was a fallacy.  When I was more juvenile I believed it was to bring justice to the criminal who partook in the murder, but then I realized this was infantile and utterly inane. There is no justification in killing a convicted killer. It's retribution and it's a rudimentary mean of avenging someone. It doesn't stifle homocide and it doesn't act as a deterrent to aspiring (lol) criminals. The numbers will vouch for that assertion. I think it boils down to overcrowding. It's not more expensive to hold an inmate in prison for life as it is to execute a man. The trial alone is a massive government investment and then comes the execution. Many people contend - and prove - that it's more costly to execute a man or to keep a man on deathrow than it would be to keep him in prison for life. However, what I deduced from this is less murder convictions that lead to death sentences would ultimately have prisons busting at the seams with inmates. Therefore, we resort to inhumane acts as means of regulating the numbers in prison. Sure, there are people out there who believe the death penalty is just and does serve a veritable purpose, but I beg to differ. I really think the death penalty is merely means of cutting down the numbers of inmates in prison. Perhaps ultimately this would be more cost-effective, so we trade a life for money compensation.  I implore for the abolishment of capital punishment and minor capital punishment as well. Another thing you must factor in is that many innocent men are sitting on deathrow. I know our investigators and scientific methods are nearly impeccable but things are botched sometimes, which is why these things must be performed with great fastede. Some people opine that bartering a few innocent souls in the system is okay in the long-run, which I find to be a falsity and a wicked and depreciative statement to those innocents sitting on their proverbial deathbed. Many of these innocent people fall into the minority category. Statistically, the number of blacks executed outweigh the number of caucasians by over two-thousand deaths. When this revelation was opened to me I was appalled, but racism is rampant and blacks account for a great preponderance of the death penalties exerted. If it's possible I'd go for rehabilitation. Surely, serial killers have some sort of psychological ailment, therefore it has to be reparable in some way. I guess it all depends on the severity of the problem. In my opinion, the death penalty is barbaric. I don't care if it's done in a "humane" manner. This issue is brimming with hypocrisy and deceit.  If you can't abolish capital punishment all together at least revoke minor capital punishment which allows sixteen and seventeen-year-olds to be convicted and sentenced to death. What are the only nations that employ this method, you ask? Iran, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Congo, Nigeria and the United States. Surely, we're not that barbaric.
Is the Death Penalty Biblically justifiable?
Oh Lord, I almost don't even want to bring this deadlock back to life.   "You have heard it said, an eye for an eye, but I tell you, resist this evil and turn then the other cheek."  -Jesus's last act on earth was forgiving the men who murdered him.  -The case of the adulterous woman (You who are free from sin may cast the first stone)....  I think that Jesus made his stance on the killing of a person, whether as an individual, or under the more comfortable guise of an "institution" (a collection of "individuals") was wrong. To take the life of someone not only negates the entire message behind the New Testament (love, compassion, forgiveness) but is playing God, or attempting to manipulate Him. On the religious scale their are NO positive gains to be made by executing anyone. To do so puts a human-created limit on the one of the cornerstones of Christian faith; God's ability to change people.
Leviticus 24: Directly after your quote it also states that "Anyone who blasphemes the name of the Lord shall be put to death."   Your Numbes verse actually says "Anyone who strikes with a hand that COULD cause death shall be put to death." We have all been in fights (probably), we have all hit someone, therefore by the law you quote and cling to to reassure your feelings of vengeance state that anyone who has struck hi sneighbor shall be put to death.  You can't pick and choose what you apply to your life ad what's "not important". It's either all relevant, or it's all useless.
these debates get so freakin repetitive   JESUS MADE IT VERY VERY CLEAR THAT THE DEATH PENALTY IS WRONG.   thistown, dont you find it interesting that the pro-death side always points to passages from numbers and leviticus and such, while our side always points to what Jesus, the Son of God, said? pro-deathers dont have any support from the words of Jesus at all.
I never got a reply from you guys on this one...  Matthew 5:  "17 ¶ Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. 18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. 19 Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven."  Jesus said that. so there's my quote from Jesus.   Thistown, I'll take your Matt. 5:38 citation. The Pharisees had taken the old judicial rule, "eye for an eye, tooth for tooth, etc." is found in Exodus 21:24, Leviticus 24:20, and Deuteronomy 19:21, and turned it into a rule for personal revenge, which is clearly wrong, and which Jesus condemns here. The original purpose of that law, was to be an admonision to the judges to be just, but also to limit them in the extent of their punishment. This rule meant you couldn't kill someone for stealing. The punishment had to be proportional to the crime committed. All the commentaries I have read on this affirmhat it is NOT unjust, or unbiblical, as a judicial rule. Matthew Henry says:  ...they may not insist on a greater punishment than is proper: it is not a life for an eye, nor a limb for a tooth, but observe a proportion; and it is intimated (Nu 35:31), that the forfeiture in this case might be redeemed with money; for when it is provided that no ransom shall be taken for the life of a murderer, it is supposed that for maims a pecuniary satisfaction was allowed.   Personally we cannot seek revenge. However, God commands the civil government to execute murderers.   Jesus did NOT make it clear the death penalty was wrong, he made it clear that personal revenge is wrong.    THANK YOU EQUITY!!!!!!!  don't be such a baby thistown! :D This is one of the hottest debates i'm a part of!
you have to look at the origins of "an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth" it wasn't written by pharisees or the old hebrew government. it was written by the egyptian pharoah Hammurabi (it came from a list of laws called the Code of Hammurabi) somewhere between 3000 and 2000 bc. the hebrew people evidently learned this law while enslaved by the egyptians. the egyptians didn't believe in Elohim (a nickname for the hebrew god) and therefore that law was not a mandate from God to the hebrew people. it was an egyptian law that had existed for quite some time. i think it just carried over into hebrew society and became accepted.
Here's the deal, I'll admit that the quote by Jesus does confuse me somewhat, but here's what I think, things did change, the compassion and mercy that are the New Testament are few and far between in the old. Laws of the Old Testament were changed and broken upon Jesus's birth and even more importantly his death.   I checked with my Old Testament Lit teacher this morning about the adulterous woman and whether it was a Pharisee law or Roman and here is what I was told (I think he's pretty reliable, Phd, 31 years as a priest, 16 as a professor at 2 colleges): the Law was originally completely Jewish but was instituted into Roman law due to the fact that Pharisees were an integral part of of Roman government. Part of the law stipulated that Pharisees could carry out the punishment (Jesus executed outside of the law by the mob). So therefore yes, Jesus was going against the law, the institution, the government, whatever you say that capitol punishment is justified for.  Now for your "life for an eye, limb for a tooth thing" where you state that the punishment should coincide with the crime. Read the Old Testament, for pete's sake I just quoted one, death to anyone who strikes his neighbor. So literally it was death for a tooth, and not due to the Pharisee's manipulation of the law, but due to the fact that the followed it explicitly. Matthew Henry has clearly neglected to read much of the Old Testament, or perhaps he, like most others neglects to address the verses that don't quite fit into his argument.   I also have a problem with the fact that we as individuals, ae not to seek revenge, but a group of individuals (which is all that a government is) can. Personal life is not a small facet of life, it is life, and just because you are in a group rather than by yourself does not transform you into anything more than a collection of individuals, we simply attach a word to it which he have come to interpret as a seperate entity completely set aside from the human race. And as I just said Jesus was addressing the institution, the government.  So I admitted that I didn't quite know how to interpret Jesus quote on the Old Law, so now you admit that you don't quite understand it either, that you do (not viciously or even always purposefully) use Old Testament passages as the foundation of your argument and then ignore the rest because it somewhat hinders your case. You admit that from the mouth of Jesus we find a man who is, aside from 1 controversial verse which doesn't mention the death penalty, we find overwhelming evidence in numerous cases that he was very much against the death penalty. That's all I need.   Consider your argument, you have Old Testament verses as the core, which are usually immediately followed with directions on how to sell your daughter into slavery or how a woman must wash herself directly after her menstrual cycle to remain holy (apparently women who died in their period went to Sheol (the Hebrews of that time didn't believe in a hell, they believed in a purgatory type state which was neither good nor bad, just an absence of God), or that anyone who strikes someone, or blasphemes, or touches the curtain in the temple should be put to death. Your friend Henry doesn't believe that that this would constitute "a life for an eye'? You said Jesus was addressing our "personal lives" (whatever that is) when he condemned the mob with the adulterous woman, I disproved that. I think that the evidence like it has from the beginning has pointed toward what any objective person, free from feeling of hatred and vengeance (modern day "justice"), anyone who believes in the soul changing hand of God and his intense love for the person that we're about to kill and send to hell would see that.
Cool Hand Dave, I believe that God did say that, no matter if it was in the code of Hammurabi "first." I think that even thistown will agree there.   Thistown, I'll congratulate you on an excellent post. I think it one of your better ones. Before I post in full, i'd like citations to:  1. The law you said that one was killed for simply hitting someone.   2. the law that says how to sell your daughter into slavery.   Thanks.
I came across these while looking for the other ones you asked for:  "No one who's testicles are crushed or who's penis is cut off shall enter the house of the lord." - Deut. 23:1  "Illegitimate children shall not be admitted to the assembly of the Lord, nor shall any of their generations, not even 10 generations down." - Deut. 23:2  "If someone has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey his father and mother...they shall take him to the gates of that town...and all the men of the town shall stone him." - Deut. 21:18  "When you go to war against your enemies...suppose you see a beautiful woman whom you desire...you shall take her..and she shall marry you." - Deut. 21:10  "If it (the town) accepts your terms of peace and surrender, then all of its inhabitants shall serve you inslavery." - Deut. 20:11  "If it doesn't submit to you peacefully then you shall besiege it...and put all it's males to the sword...and take the women and children as you spoils." - Deut. 20:12 - Love your enemies????  "When a slaveowner strikes his slave with a rod and the slave immediately dies, the owner shall be punished. If however the slave lives for a few days, then the owner shall not be punished for the slave is his property." - Exodus 21:20  "If evidence of the young woman's (newly married) virginity is not found ...then the woman shall be brought to the house of her father and the men of the town shall stone her." - Deut. 22:20  "If a man is found lying with the wife of another, both shall die." - Deut. 20:22  Now for the ones you asked for:  -Instructions on how to sell your daughter into slavery - Exodus 21:7 -To strike someone is death - Numbers 35 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I found all this looking for the two you asked for, 12 chapters in Deuteronomy and 2 in Exodus. So until you start kicking men with crushed testicles out of your church, or taking all disrespectful children to the gates of your city and stoning them, don't continue to spew them as proof in an effort to justify your own "personal" opinions. You can't take one as the infinite word of God and ignore the rest. If you want more proof open your bible and read 2 pages of the Old Testament to find it.   Matthew Henry is the most purposefully and maliciously blind-to-what-he-doesn't-want-to-see person I have read (based on that quote). That quote was just a blatant lie.
there are a whole slew of laws in the old testament that are ridiculous and are not applicable any more.  coolhand, hammurabi was not an egyptian pharoah. he was a Babylonian. but you are right when you say he came up with the "eye for eye, tooth for tooth" idea
Calligirl, I don't even want to waste my time explaining most of this to you but here goes...  (All the quotes are yours, and I've tried to keep them in the order you stated them.)  Ok, good start, I'm proud that you know that to cut off the penis is to castrate. And you made it sound like you were making some profound point, "I'm sorry, but that's not what my version said". Here's a hint, they said the exact same thing in different words, their called different versions of the Bible. And yes castration was usually on purpose, by cutting, but no one was ever castrated by crushing on purpose. Therefore if a man got in a fight, took a swift one to the fellas and they were crushed, he could not enter into the assembly of God. What does this have to do with the death penalty? You have obviously missed the entire point of the post (THIS is why I am repetitive people). You're quoting the Old Testament as "proof" for your argument. But your picking and choosing, you can't say that one Old Testament Law should be in effect today and then ignore the rest...so therefore...you following...unless you believe that we can't allow men with crushed testicles into church you can't run around using the "eye for an eye" or any of the other old laws. Onward.  "Different version here too. "No one born of a forbidden marriage nor any of his descendants may enter the assembly of the LORD , even down to the tenth generation." Forbidden: not permitted or allowed"  Calli, sweetheart they say the EXACT same thing in different words. What's your point here? That forbidden means not allowed? Illigetimate is not permitted or allowed. Please stop wasting our time.  "Amazing how you simply took out the parts of the verse that didn't support your arguement."  You see those little dots in between what I said???? That means there is something there. I don't like to type page after page. And how they hurt my argument I don't see. If you have a lazy, immoral son, stone him, that's what it says. Unless you believe that a parent has the right to stone their child because he's lazy and has premarital sex then you can't use Old Testament verse as an argument.  "Read to the very end of the verse. "If you are not pleased with her, let her go wherever she wishes. You must not sell her or treat her as a slave, since you have dishonored her."   Ok I read it...should I feel better. Basically it says that if, even though she is pretty, she isn't good in bed or doesn't cook very well, send her back home without charge. Unless you believe that the American troops in Iraq should be able under GOd's law to take a wife back home as basically a slave then you cannot use Old Testament verse as an argument.  "Read the entire verse and don't edit out parts of it."When you march up to attack a city, make its people an offer of peace. If they accept and open their gates, all the people in it shall be subject to forced labor and shall work for you. If they refuse to make peace and they engage you in battle, lay siege to that city." Hmmmm...death or slavery. Wow, that's a hard choice."  Um, ok, once again it says the exact same thing, EXACT. And what relevance "Hmmmm....death or slavery. That's a hard choice." has is completely beyond me. Unless you believe that if Iraq surrendered today that we, under the law of God, have a right to enslave their entire population then you cannot use old test. verse as an argument.  "Just another example of using a verse meant for personal use and applying it to wars. Sorry, just doesn't work that way."  WHAT????? So you believe that if Iraq doesn't surrender we should kill every single male in the country and take their wives and children as slaves?!?!?!? Because guess what, if you don't believe that then you can't use Old Testament verse as argument.  "A slave was a piece of property taken after a war. Slavery back then was completely different then it is now."  You're right about the first part (which only further proves my point), and you're horribly WRONG about the second. #1 there is no slavery today, #2 it was what slavery has always been, a person forced to work, through brutality and manipulation, without pay against their will. And I'm willing to go out on a limb and say that you have absolutely nothing to back up your statement that slavery "wasn't the same back then".  "She has done a disgraceful thing in Israel by being promiscuous while still in her father's house." Promiscuous:not restricted to one sexual partner (Kinda like a prostitute.)"  Ok, your point being....says the same thing as my version in more words...you should be picking up on that by now. And unless you believe that anyone who has engaged in premarital sex should be stoned in front of their father then you cannot use Old Testament verse in your argument.  "Yeah, it's called "adultery". Consequences are there to deter people from doing wrong."  ....I'm aware it's adultery, but you don't believe that we should put all adulterers to death do you??? We are all adulterers (anyone who has looked upon a woman in lust has committed adultery with her in his heart). And yes Calli look it up, and it's kind of tricky at first, the actual words are different...but whoa!! they mean the same thing!!! I know it's scary at first.  It was bad up to here, but your last quote to falling really scared me Calli  "The laws are still applicable, we just don't use them."  Ooooooh. So the laws are still applicable...they can still be applied to eveyday use huh? I'm sure (I really hope) that you don't mean that. But the only way that you can use old testament verse in your argument is if you believe that each and every law on this page should be a law of the United States of America. That's the bottom line Calli, not that my version of the Bible says "penis cut off" and yours says castrated. If you haven't gotten what I'm getting at by now you never will.
Here you go thistown:    Deuteronomy 23:1 Mutilation was common among the heathen. This was to prevent Israelites from 1) accepting a pagan into the congregation, or 2) to do that to their own children. What is referred to here is NOT an accident.  Deuteronomy 23:2 This was to provide a strong incentive for the children of Israel to "live chastely." Deuteronomy 21:18 What's wrong with this one? "Rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft." This is a last resort. There has to be a long train of rebellious action on the part of the son before it comes to this. And then you have to convince the judge of that. Not much chance for abuse here. Deuteronomy 21:10 This is a limit... meaning you cannot "use" a woman among the captives unless you marry her. (Remember, this is in refrence to the annihilation of the Canaanites. All males will be dead by this time.)  Deuteronomy 20:11 This is mercy! Otherwise, they are going to be killed! Being a tributary is much to be preferred over death.  Next verse: Presumably, you are marching on them for a pretty darn good reason. Loving your enemies doesn't apply. Civil government is incapable of emotion. Individuals aren't.  Exodus 20:21 If the slave who had been beaten by his master died under his hand, the master was punished with death; But if he survived the beating a day or two the master was not punished, because it might be presumed that the man died through some other cause. All penal laws should be construed as favourably as possible to the accused. He was not a murderer in the eyes of the civil government, but he'll still have to answer to God.  Deuteronomy 20:22 and 22:20. I fail to see your objection. Obviously, fornication is a grave sin in God's eyes, and he wishes to tell it to us in the strongest possible terms.   NOW for the ones I asked for... :D  Exodus 21:7 Remember, "slavery" under the law lasted for at the most 7 years... this is more of an apprenticeship, if you will. This was only permitted when the father was absolutely out of any capital whatsoever, moveable or immoveable. Not that I would do it.  Numbers 35 I'm sorry, I read all of Numbers 35, and was unable to find anything to do with "striking someone and receiving the death penalty." If you would, I'd like the verse too. Thx.   First of all, I don't attend any established church. However, I would be willing to exercise a little church discipline in the area you mentioned, if it came up. The current civil government doesn't to execute rebellious children, and since they are the ones who must do it, it is no business of mine. I do not execute them... the state would.   When I say I believe the whole Bible, I am not making noise. I know what I'm saying and I'm serious.   I'm sorry you discredit Matthew Henry. Unfortunately, other commentaries I read also concur with his opinion. I do not know how that this makes him a "purposefully and maliciously blind-to-what-he-doesn't-want-to-see" person. There was no reason for that remark. Can you offer a better suggestion? Other commentaries concur that this is a rule for judges, that was both an admonishment to be just and to limit the punishment. I suppose this makes them all "purposefully and maliciously blind-to-what-he-doesn't-want-to-see" kinda people.   Falling, at least thistown admits he doesn't understand it all! :D   Calli, what this has to do with the death penalty is that these guys are trying to show me how "ridiculous" the Old Testament Laws are. Since I started the thread, I permit this slight perversion to learn these guys beliefs. :D  hey, i got it in under 1 page! :)
according to Christ, we have all committed adultry when we look at someone lustfully. so does that mean we should all be executed?  and you sure have a twisted idea of mercy!! i do not consider it merciful to take someone as a slave after they surrender. or maybe i'm just being some bleeding heart liberal who respects human rights.  to all the pro-deathers out there: stop trying to biblically justify the death penalty. you're putting a bad name on christianity. not to mention that you're putting the words of moses ahead of the words of Christ
Ok I think someone is getting a little frustrated and acting a little less intelligen than they really are.  I know that you honestly believe that you are making some grand point Patriot but you just don't get what I am trying to say either, I am in no way showing how the Old Testament laws are "ridiculous" or even implying that. I'm saying that they don't apply today. That no Christian in their right mind would exclude someone from the church because they are a pagan. These are the people you WANT in the church.  Anyway I guess I'll treat this like I did Calli's (I grow weary of this).  "Deuteronomy 23:2 This was to provide a strong incentive for the children of Israel to "live chastely.""  Yes I suppose that death by stoning would be a pretty good incentive. but no one in their right mind would impose a law like this, no Christian at least.  "Deuteronomy 21:18 What's wrong with this one? "Rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft." This is a last resort. There has to be a long train of rebellious action on the part of the son before it comes to this. And then you have to convince the judge of that. Not much chance for abuse here."  Umm...I missed something, I read 3 different translations and none mention witchcraft. They mention laziness and drunkenness, but nothing of sorcery.   "Deuteronomy 20:11 This is mercy! Otherwise, they are going to be killed! Being a tributary is much to be preferred over death."  This is not mercy...when someone surrenders you do not take them as your slave, take their women and children into bondage. Any nation present day who enslaved an entire culture in this manner would be seen on the same level as the Nazis. And I love how you use "tributary" instead of slave, makes it sound much more...."merciful".  "Exodus 20:21 If the slave who had been beaten by his master died under his hand, the master was punished with death; But if he survived the beating a day or two the master was not punished, because it might be presumed that the man died through some other cause. All penal laws should be construed as favourably as possible to the accused. He was not a murderer in the eyes of the civil government, but he'll still have to answer to God."  Pretty much just gave up on this one huh? Yes they will have to answer to God, but remember these were laws given to the governing body by God so....irrelevant. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ You've obviously failed to see my purpose behind these posts, and I grow very tired of repeating myself (I think you know what I am saying but choose not to answer).  These were laws given to the governing bodies by God, exactly like the laws that you state in your argument against capitol punishment. You obviously (I hope) don't believe that some of these should become United States laws, but you believe that the one that you agree with should be. I am simply pointing out that your are selectively manipulating that which is "the solemn and eternal word of God" and the rest is...well you haven't addressed the rest yet, you've only avoided the issue by stating that I said "cut off penis" instead of circumcision and stating what the laws were designed to discourage.  So here is my question, and for everyone's sake it's not a hard question, it's just a scary one to you. Why should the death penalty law from God carry over and the stone your child for being a fat, lazy drunk not? Why should the death penalty carry over and the death to all adulterers, or the law that the US must take all of any country we invade into slavery, or the no former pagans in the church laws, not apply? We can't have one without the other, in fact we can't have one without all of them. These laws come in a package, if you claim that they are the Laws of God (which I agree they are) and that Jesus's life and death didn't change them (which I think it did) then you have to believe that each and every one of them should be instated in the US law. Is that not perfectly clear? You can't call for the death penalty under God and ignore the rest.  And Patriot, you're stooping. Stop trying to demonize me into some Old Testament hating pagan just because you've run out of things to say. It doesn't make you look better, I promise. You know full well that I don't believe that the Old Testament laws are "ridiculous", you would like to believe that I did, because then you could simply dismiss my arguments. But I believe in the laws of the Old Testament, I believe they were from God. But I believe that a man named Jesus took them all and made them into two, "Love the Lord with all your heart", "And love your neighbor as yourself." I think that he is the reason that we don't stone our children anymore, or eliminate or enslave (if they're lucky) entire cultures and civilizations, or still believe in taking the life of a man as property (for 7 years or whatever, it is against his will and it is without pay=slavery). These are not the laws of Jesus Christ, they are not a part of the new covenant...but you obviously believe that one of them is a part, unfortunately my friend you can't just take one. If it applies they all do. Simple as that.  If either of you don't realize what I'm saying I give up, it's doesn't get any more black and white. If either of you have anything intelligent to say I say let's continue, but I'm sick of repeating the same thing over and over while you two nitpick over the tiny and utterly irrelevant facets in order to draw attention away from the question.
The Law of Moses in the Old Testament required the death penalty for certain sins such as adultery. How did Jesus handle this?  "The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a certain woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group and said to Jesus, 'Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. In the Law Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?'....When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, 'If anyone of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her.' "  (St John 8:3-7)  The purpose of the Law of Moses was to prepare people for Christ. Now that Christ has come we are no longer bound by the Law of Moses. "So the law was put in charge to lead us to Christ that we might be justified by faith. Now that faith has come, we are no longer under the supervision of the law." (Galations 3:24-25)  I don't think the Bible justifies the death penalty.
what you have said about Jesus Christ is one of the most sacreligious suggestions i have heard. you are suggesting that Jesus would have approved of the EXECUTION of the adultress? i cant believe a christian could possibly say that. i really cant. you might want to think twice before you suggest such a thing again. Jesus Christ was merciful and loving. the pharisees wanted to execute this woman, but Christ accepted her. are you suggesting Christ was wrong for not wanting to murder this woman?  i dont think equity, patriot, and calli know what adultery is. according to Christ, a person commits adultery when he/she looks lustfully at someone. therefore, we are all guilty of this. so should we all be executed?  i agree with thistown, these pro-deathers have run out of arguments and have abandoned all intelligence.
In Matthew 12 the pharisees caught the disciples of Jesus breaking the Sabbath Day. You know what the punishment for breaking the Sabbath Day was? It was the death penalty according to the Old Testament (Numbers 15:32-36). So why didn't Jesus want his disciples to be put to death? Do you really think that Jesus favored the death penalty?
All~  For the time being, I've moved the Old Testament Law debate to a newly created thread, since this has become a thread about the Old Testament Laws in general, and not the death penalty in particular:   http://www.youdebate.com/vBulletin/showthread.php?s=&postid=1519#post1519  Others who wish to remain and debate the death penalty here are of course welcome to do so.
we shouldn't.
If after all of this an innocent person slips through the cracks and is executed, so be it.   Easy for you to say, would you feel differently if it was you or, maybe your mother who slipped "through the cracks" in the system?
The point is, I think the benefits outweigh the cost. Yes, an innocent person may be executed once in a while, but we do not do it intentionally, we only execute those who have been found guilty in a court of law and lost all of their appeals. As far as me, I'll take my chances, I think the odds are in my favor. Again, does anyone have any facts of how often an innocent person is executed? Do we know how many have already been executed? executions from 1976 to 1999: Texas = 248 executions - nearly one-third of all U.S. executions since 1976 Virginia = 82 Florida = 51 Missouri = 50 Oklahoma = 43 Louisiana = 26 South Carolina = 25 Arkansas = 24 Alabama = 23 Arizona = 22 North Carolina = 17 Delaware = 13 Illinois = 12 California = 9 Nevada = 9 Indiana = 8 and Utah = 6  "A shocking recent death penalty study of 4,578 cases in a twenty-three-year period (1973-1995) concluded that the courts found serious, reversible error in nearly 7 of every 10 capital sentence cases that were fully reviewed during the period. It also found that death sentences were being overturned in 2 out of 3 appeals. The overall prejudicial review error rate was 68 percent."    works cited:  James S. Liebman, Jeffrey Fagan, and Valerie West; "A Broken System Error Rates in Capital Cases, 1973-1995," 12 June 2000.  Fox Butterfield, "Death Sentences Being Overturned in 2 of 3 Appeals," New York Times, 12 June 2000.
 As far as me, I'll take my chances, I think the odds are in my favor. Again, does anyone have any facts of how often an innocent person is executed? Do we know how many have already been executed?  I would be willing to bet that you think odds are in your favor because you are an Anglo American male. Check this out: http://www.justicedenied.org/executed.htm. Or this http://www.innocenceproject.org/.
Is it worth executing a few innocents to keep capital punishment? How many? 1 in 10, 1 in 100 or 1 in 1000?  Personally, I am in favor of executing kidnappers (or rapists) that kill. There is a point when a person kidnaps (I assume) that they must decide to kill or not. If they don't kill they risk being identified by the victim.   Personally I am more interested in the deterrent effect of capital punishment over the punishment aspect.  Any thoughts?  It could be you.   Actually from what I've seen capital punishment has never been an affective deterent. In fact I think that it has the opposite effect in that there are more murders committed which have CP than places which don't. In in the USA there is a difference between states which have it and states whict don't. Texas has the most executions and the most murders as well.
We have some major flaws in our legal system. The first and foremost legal flaw is that American prisoners are American people and thus are granted first ammendment American rights. This means that murderers who don't get birthday cakes, a basketball court, tv, and a turkey for Thanksgiving go crying cruel and unusual punishment and then they get it.  I've heard that the average cost of living of a capital punishment prisoner is appoximately $25,000.00 a year paid for by us.  It's really bad when murderers on deathrow in Mexico are calling murderers on deathrow in America p*****s and want to transfer here.     LEVIATHAN  You know what is far worse than murder itself? Executing people to save some money.
You know what is far worse than murder itself? Executing people to save some money. true dat.  sundowner, have you seen the life of david gale? if not, i suggest you watch it; it might change your view.
http://archive.aclu.org/issues/death/23executed.html   This is probably the most popular list of "innocent" people to be executed. Note that the most recent on the list is 1984, and most cases are from 1900's-1930's. While all of these present theories that the accused or executed may have been innocent, they all share 1 popular theme, conclusive evidence has never been presented in a court of law that overturned the conviction. I am not saying it is not possible for some of them to be innocent, but in the eyes of the law, they are still guilty to this day.   Also, the dates of these crimes point to another point supporting capitol punishment. With the conclusive DNA testing and forensic analysis that can be accomplished with todays technology, it makes it highly unlikely that an innocent person could ever be sentenced to death in the first place. Even if the person is falsely found guilty, they are given ample appeals to establish their innocence. If the evidence of their innocence truely exists, or evidence is found to be lacking to prove their guilt, the conviction will be overturned. And yes, after all of this, it is still possible for an innocent person to be put to death. It is also possible for an innocent person to be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, but nobody is making the argument to stop sending people to prison.  DNA testing may become useless soon because there is a new practice going on where prisoners sell a sample of their DNA which is placed at the scene of the crime to confuse the investigation. Afterall, how could a person comit a crime when they are already in jail? Or they could get DNA samples from other innocent people and place it at the crime scene as well. The criminal is only a couple steps behind the law. Even with the new technology placed in the money it still doesn't take them long to bypass or duplicate it.
You sure about that? I don't remember ever mentioning my race / ethnic origin.  No, I am not sure... Your cocksure attitude intimating that there is not much chance you could end up falsly convicted and excecuted makes me wonder if the reason for that attitude is that you fall into the category of middle class Anglo. According to the ALCU, "36 percent of death row inmates are black, although African Americans constitute only 12 percent of the U.S. population. But the race of the victim turns out to be an even more decisive factor in capital sentencing decisions. Almost all death sentences (82%) in this country involve white victims."
You know what is far worse than not executing murderers? Letting 'em sit around, watch tv, and eat pizza. ;\  Man, are you ever petty. I dare you to spend a month in a maximum security prison and see just how much of a resort you think it is afterwards.
And I am not sure what you are trying to show with your racial statistics, what is the overall point? Are you intimating (good word by the way :) ) that blacks receive the death penalty more often than white people?  Yes, I am. Per-capita.  ...and yes, Lev is correct in his interpretation of my reason for posting the quote.  Also, the race of the victim is significant in that a white victim produces the death penalty much more often than a non-white victim. The point of including this information is to highlight the sick racism in the juristic system in this country. Most of the African Americans I know are very aware of the problem, that "driving while black" is a good enough reason for the police (in many instances) to pull over/harrass/arrest....ad infinitum.
Is it worth executing a few innocents to keep capital punishment?     If there is even a hint of ones innocences, they should NOT be locked up to begin with.
Dont you meen 'reasonable doubt'?    Or" doubting the reasoning"? Why should one suffer for that?
If there is even a hint of ones innocences, they should NOT be locked up to begin with.    The word 'hint is too vast. Take for instance ,a man is up for murder .All evidence is pointing against him.His brother testifies that he could not have done it because he saw his brother flying away on a ufo to venus at the time of the murder. ISNT THAT A "HINT"?  Toxey, you do not understand something very important about our most fundamental laws...  The law states that you are innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.  What your "hint" suggests is that there is a reasonable doubt about the innocence of a person charged with a capital offense. (or any other offense).  Regardless of the offense, your obligation as a juror is to return a judgement of "Innocent", NOT he might be innocent, so let's just lock him up for the rest of his life!  Of course, you could disregard the law, as many jurors do, but you have no definitive say, as a juror, as to the judge's determination for the sentence that will be passed when yuo find someone guilty. The judge may or may not feel the death penaly is warranted.  (It's fascinating how on a site with so many deeply religious Christians, that the death penaly appears to be accepted to exact revenge.)  Personally, I've a big problem with the death penalty, namely that it has been applied to entirely innocent people. I've got a real problem supporting the death penalty as it is permitted to be applied in the U.S., when innocent people have been killed, because 1 innocent person killed by the State, is justification for either abolishing the D.P., or using it, only for cases in which the facts involve mass murder, and their is no question in any rational person's mind (before the trial), that the person chaged was responsible for mass murder. For example, a Hitler, or a Saddam, or an Idi Amin, or a Pal Pot, etc. etc.
It could be you.   Actually from what I've seen capital punishment has never been an affective deterent. In fact I think that it has the opposite effect in that there are more murders committed which have CP than places which don't. In in the USA there is a difference between states which have it and states whict don't. Texas has the most executions and the most murders as well.  The same is true of stringent prison sentences. Lets say for a second that you are in texas and rob a bank. You are looking at 50 yrs in prison. During the robbery, a guard goes for his gun. It is you or him. You kill him, and YES, you would. I have heard people say "I could never kill anybody". I clump that in with "I hope they target me". It is a bunch of XXXX by people who have never been targeted, or never been in a situation where their life was in serious jepardy say.  Now, if you are caught, you are going to die. There is absolutly nothing to stop you from laying waste to everybody in your path in order to secure your escape. Whetehr you kill one person or 50, it doesn't matter now.  You have just escalated a simple robbery into a killing spree because you want to be "hard on crime".   For many people, just the thought of 50 yrs behind bars is enough to make it worth killing to escape (rememeber those bank robbers in LA who had the big shootout with the cops using illegal machine guns??).  Reasonable penalties for crimes is a good thing. We have gone nutty on punishment in America. Criminals know when they go out to commit a crime what the likely penalty will be if caught, and you can bet your life that it figures into their actions when confronted with possible capture.   I heard somebody saying the other day how "disgusting" it is that a local guy was "only" sentenced to 10 years in prison for commiting a rape. Rape is a heinous crime. If you think that 10 yrs in prison can properly be refered to as "only", I would highly suggest that you go down and see if your local sheriff will let you spend a weekend in the county jail.  I spent a weekend in the county jail once (didn't pay a traffic ticket when I was 17.....got pulled over and arrested when I was 23 and didn't have money for bail). I would rather kill a dozen cops and 4 nuns than spend 10 years in jail. A weekend was a LONG time to spend in jail. TEN YEARS would be one HELL of a long time to spend there.  I have a guy who works for me that is an ex-felon. He has some pretty hellacious stories regarding what goes on inside a federal prison. For those of you who think that a federal prison is a country club, you can live secure in the knowledge that if you ever end up in one, you will be taken care of, because somebody will likely make you their bitch the first week and protect you!  I have seen a lot of people convert from "hard on crime" types to "sensible punisment types". This is becasue our county sheriff is a pretty OK guy, and if there is room in the jail, and you pay for your own meals, he will lock you up for a couple of days so you can get an idea of what jail is like. And this is just a COUNTY jail. We are not talking a federal prison. I have gotten about a dozen people to take my "try it before you shoot off your mouth" challenge, and every single one of them changed their tune by the end of their little adventure.  My answer to the poll is ZERO. We should not even have the death penalty just on the off chance that we might execute somebody who is innocent. We also should take a hard look at exactly what we consider "appropriate punisment" insofar as jail time goes.
Ok, first off, I am a LONG ways from being a liberal. I basically have no political affiliation. I think things through on my own, do my own research, and support whoevers views are closest to mine. Second, you need to work on debating based on logic, not emotional outbursts. What are you, about 15 yrs old?  What I am saying is that treatment has proven itself over jail for drug abusers, and prison study programs, job training, etc have been shown to have a lot more efect on the number of repeat offenders than longer prison sentences. This would imply that longer prison sentences don't do a whole lot of good when it comes to stopping crime.  You are right, I didn't mention the victim even once. This is because I was discussing punishment, not victims. I don't recall seeing a whole lot of talk about victims in this thread, as victims are not generally put to death or inprisoned. If you want to discuss victims, start another thread that is more appropriate.  It is easy to sit and yell "lock them up and throw away the key!" People need to think a little harder about what this kind of thing means.   And, unless you have a logical argument to counter it, I still contend that severe prison terms escalate crime. You do not have to do anything terribly severe to earn 20 yrs in prison. If you spend 20 yrs behind bars, your life is preety much scrapped anyway. You get out, your wife and children (if you had any) are most likely gone. Everything you owned was gone. Nobody will hire you because you are an ex-felon.   Do you really believe that this has no bearing on how far people are willing to go when it comes to crime?
I am oppoed to capital punishment:  1 - No solid proof it deters.  2 - Lack of equity in defense. Face it, rich boys can buy good lawyers and get off (i.e., OJ Simpson).  3 - Racism in the system that looks like this: The majority of victims of violent crime/murder are people of color, the majority of death-row inmates are there for killing white people.   4 - Heard too much controversial debate that there are possibly innocent people on death row. It is absolutely unacceptable to execute someone who is innocent. Especially when removing the person from society (life in prison) is just as effecive.  5 - It costs a lot more to execute. Plus prisoners can work and contribute - the dead can not.  6 - I do not want my government to have the right to execute it's citizenry. It's a throw back to the days of the "king", and frankly, it terrifies me.
Opposed to capital punishment for a couple of reasons: Not effective enough deterant. Expensive. Risk of innocents being executed.  Put prisoners to work I'd say.
Word Traveller -   Thanks for the response. I still oppose the death penalty.  However, with the race issue - I was not referring to the race of the sondemned, but the race of the victim.  Most murder victims are people of color but we overwhelmingly execute for the murder of white people. That speaks volumes about the priorities of the justice system.   If there were to be executions:  Irrefutable evidence Race issues gone Same level of representation  But I prefer not to have it.
YES! And nowhere near the level that you imply! That's ridiculous. It's quite obvious that if you had your way, we wouldn't have prisons at all. Instead, we'd have re-education centers for victims! You'd declare that 'criminal activity' is the new alternative lifestyle and should be protected. Sorry, bubs.. it's pretty obvious that you're a 'softy' when it comes to crime.  Maybe I am a softy. I prefer "sensible". There are people in jail RIGHT NOW for traffic XXXX. I am not even talking DUI. Don't you think that putting people in jail for traffic violations is a little overboard? I know a guy who is doing 10 yrs for TAX XXXX.  2 weeks ago, A local guy was sent to jail for a year for violating municipal ordinances. It was his second offense. The first offense involved keeping a non-running vehicle in fornt of his house (it was an AWESOME old vette he was restoring). His second offense, he had the audacity to build a deck behind his house without first getting a permit.   It's a good thing that ANIMAL is off the street!  At one time, people actually could commit a crime, do their time, and then move somewhere else and start over where nobody knew them. That is not the case in this wonderful computer connected world anymore. NOw, you do your ime, but it haunts you for the rest of your life.  I guess we can just thank god that there are folks like you out there to ensure that the tax evaders, bad drivers, and deck builders in this country are punished severely for their crimes. You folks can sleep well tonight knowing that these particualr individuals will not be drving, evading taxes, or building decks tonight! Thanks to your efforts, after they serve their time they will have that black mark with them for the rest of their lives, so they can continue being punished right up until the day they die.  If softies like me ran things, None of those folks would go to jail, as jail would be reserved for actual bad guys. While we had the actual bad guys behind bars, we would try to teach them some skills to make them employable when they get out. Prison records would be sealed upon release, so once they serve their time they can become productive members of society again.   Justice is not the same as punishing the hell out of somebody. I remember several years ago there was a big deal about some American kids who had vandalised a bunch of vehicles in Thailand. They were sentenced to be caned. There was a big public outcry about how cruel that was. Caning is pretty severe, but it only takes five minutes. If they had been in the united states, they would have been treated MUCH more humanely. They would have had to pay the damages and spend 5 yrs in jail. When they got out, they would have been penniless, homeless, and unemployable.   If it was you, which would you rather do???
@ World traveller  About costs  The cost in executing someone does not lie in the execution process, it lies in the legal process. I might be way off track, but I recall prisoners on death row are allowed many appeals (to minimize the risk of executing innocents) and this is where a death sentance starts to cost money. Alot of money...  No, no, no, my friend. You have this all wrong. Yes, the appeal price does add to the total cost of things. But, on average, the original case costs $2.2 more for capital punishments as opposed to life sentences. This, in itself, is enough to already make the death sentence cost more than a life case. Oh, and appeals are payed by the suspect, thus those aren't even included. But, the case itself is payed for the government, thus you are getting ripped off if they are killed.   ~After Death~
Personally, I think the option should be beyond their jurisdiction. We all know the death penalty is more costly, and we wouldn't want to expend more because of the whims of a criminal. Also, I think life imprisonment may cause more affliction and would add to the suffering of the inmate. So, no, I don't think they should have the option.
No. They are no longer making the decisions and therefore should not be allowed to pick.   However, if a criminal requests the death penalty, are there retrials to ensure the state isn't killing a innocent person?  Well I don't support ever using the death penalty but as long as we're saying there is the death penalty and allowing them to choose then definately don't have retrials. They shouldn't want to send an innocent person to prison for life either so it should have been pretty clear they were guilty already. If they don't want to kill an innocent person, stick to life in prison.
I think that they should be allowed choose death. Let' s face it. It's a win-win situation for the State and the inmate. It saves the State money and the inmate years of wasted time. emoticon_xgood emoticon_xkill   It costs the State more to give death than life in prison.
Not true if the inmate asks to die before exhausting every possible appeal.   I guess I forgot that the money does come from the appeals. Anyway, with that I would actually favor allowing criminals to choose death as long as they choose death with no appeals. It saves money and the criminal gets their wish. I don't think it's the job of jails to punish criminals, but to get them off the streets and make the world safer. If we can do that by killing them (with their permission) then it saves us money and the criminal is gone.
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead?  If yes, why?  If not, why not?  nope. not at all. i think opting for the death penalty is going for the 'easy way out' so to speak. obviously they commited a crime that was worth taking all their rights and freedom away, they shouldn't have the right to choose. besides, i'm sure sitting in prison for the rest of their lives will give them plenty of time to think about what they did and why their in prison to begin with. let them suffer without any freedom forever. killing them upon their own choice is basically because they don't want to be in prison or their just tired of being there, so why let them off the hook?
I don't think either one of these is particularly humane. Given a choice, I personally would prefer to die rather than spend the rest of my life in prison.   Of course, if it is wrong to kill people, then we shouldn't do it. If it is not wrong to kill people, then why are we making such a big deal of it?  I think what we need is prson reform and reform of our legal system. People like murderers are difficult to deal with if you are not going to execute them under the current system becuase, as you pointed out, it is questionable whether death might not be preferable to spending life in a little cell.  I think a workable solution might be more prison farms like the Angola prison. Prisoners there are not constantly locked in little cells, or even confined behind walls all the time. Life is not easy there, but it is arguably worth living as you can actually accomplish some things.
Can some one explain why it is better to keep some one locked in a cage, than to kill them?  Sure.  1) It's cheaper to lock them up for life 2) Death is a weak punishment 3) Trial cost money, counties pay for trials. Counties cut social services to pay for these exorbiant trials. Guess who often counsules and stops people from going on violent crimes? So in essence, fewer victims with more life sentences (with the death penalty hanging around)   Is it more humane to kill those who have been determined to never be able to renter society, or to keep them in 80 square feet for, 23 hours a day, for the rest of there life?  A society is judged by how it treats its prisoners. However, those who are unable to be rehabiliated and shown this time and time again, should be removed from society. However, this should be a tiny minority due to the 3 reasons above.
Can't suffer once you're dead. "Hangin's too good for 'em" as the saying goes. I like the idea that every day I live free they get to stare at the wall. I hope they live a long time.
If inmates in for life actually got life in 100% of the cases, I'd be more inclined to support a ban on capital punishment. But, the fact is that inmates can get out, either by escaping, legal technicality, etc., or can kill again while in prison. For that reason, I'm in favor of throwing the switch and giving them a juice sandwich. emoticon_xgood  Once in prison the only technicality likely to get you out is "innocence". Most appeals fail.  Escape from prison is rare but not a reason to execute as a precaution anyway.   The potential of being killed while in prison sounds like deterrent to me.
Death penalty commuted to life w/ possibility of parole? I've not heard of this but I supposed it could happen.  I don't believe the DP constitutes deterrent for capital offenses. Being killed while in prison for GTA or some such was more the sort of thing I had in mind.
what I am talking about is not a death penalty trial as we have today, but after the person has received a 100 year or more sentence. The cost would be only the method of death.  Oh that greatly changes the equation doesn't it? Very unrealistic, but for the sakes of the debate, why not? Well, alledgedly, 23 innocent people have been put to death, and for sure two unrefutable cases. I don't support killing people as a deterrent or as any means in a justice system.   if it was for punishment we would use the less humane one. More "pain" (discomfort, unpleasant situation, whatever term you prefer) the more likely some one will try to avoid it.  A life time of Hard labor would be preferable to me then capital punshiment. I do believe capital pushiment is a punishment under the current legal system.   I don't under stand this one. I think you are saying that a "death penalty" trial costs too much? See comments for #1  yes, and it is also a complex train of economics leading down all the way to your door.
A life time of Hard labor would be preferable to me then capital punshiment. I do believe capital pushiment is a punishment under the current legal system.     It is the hard labor part here that I want to address. Under the current system, people mostly get put in prison and have nothing to do. they pretty much sit and rot. Go to the library, work in the laundry, etc... From a realistic standpoint, though, they do nothing productive. You take a place like the Farm (angola) and you end up with a prison that is self supporting (which lessens th e burden on the tax payer) and has fewer problems with inmate violence than many other prisons.   I say YES, put these guys to work. Let their labor pay for their stay. Let them develop some on the job skills for when (or if) they ever get out. Paying for a guy to rot away in a cell fro his entier life is not doing any good for anybody.
Can someone explain to me how death is a punishment when it is a release from all earthly suffering?
Can someone explain to me how death is a punishment when it is a release from all earthly suffering?  Say you are driving down the road and get clocked doing 20 over. Which would you rather have:  $100 fine   Instant, on the spot euthenasia  Come on, you have GOT to be kidding here. How is executing asomebody punishment?
How is executing someone punishment if they request the death penalty?
In a case like this, we can assume that the alternative is life in prison. These are the two worst punishments we have at our disposal (death or life in prison). If you let somebody choose between the two worst punishments we have, or they request one of the two worst punishments we have, they are both still punishments.  In countries in the ME where they still chop off peoples hands for stealing (and there are places they still do this), most places will give you an option as to which hand they cut off. By your logic, this would NOT be considered punishment, since they got to choose which hand.  If I was to grab you in an alley and give you a chioce between being beaten to a pulp with either a chain or being cut up with a knife, regardless of which you chose, I would still be guilty of a crime regardless of the fact that you chose the manner in which I assaulted you.  I think it could be proven that putting somebody in prison for life whent ehy have requested the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment. Besides, what would be the point of keeping somebody in prison for life, when they want to die anyway? The point of putting them in prison is to seperate them from society so they cannot commit another crime. Is there really a point to keeping them in there until they rot besides petty revenge? There is a difference between punishment and revenge, and frankly, our law does not allow for revenge.
You don't believe that the death penalty is a deterrent for capital offenses? What is the recidivism rate for criminals executed under the death penalty......ZERO. Now, THAT'S deterrence! Since the majority of violent crimes are committed by career criminals, the death penalty surely puts a damper on their career. emoticon_xgood emoticon_idea  Murder often involves passion which clouds judgement. For cold blooded, calculated murders I would imagine the perp assumes he/she will not be caught. Additionally I believe the stats for recidivism of paroled murderers is actually one of if not the lowest rate for all felonies. Of course one repeat of murder would be far worse than a dozen thefts.   Certainly the effect of execution on the individual criminal's career path is predictable. I don't believe execution has any significant effect on the overall fact that Americans kill each other at a rate far above other developed industrial nations.
 Letting them work out in a field and "accomplish some things" does no justice to the family of the victims.   Having them executed does not restore justice either. Restoring life to the murder victim would bring justice, nothing else will. Retribution or revenge is what you may mean, but not all victim's families find comfort in that. Some would prefer to see productive work is being accomplished.
It is not meant as a punishment, it should be used when the courts have decided that the person is too dangerous to allow back into society.  The way I am thinking of it is after the sentence is passed down, there would be another trial (revue, whatever you want to call it.) to decide if there is a chance of the person ever being reformed. If not they would just put them down, like you would do for a rabid animal  That is defintely not our current death penalty rational. I would support a penalty based on that logic, not the questionable deterrence.   JPSartre12, if you could be so kind, would you define the concept of deterrence for me?
JPSartre12: Oh boy. Another person who has flunked english 101.   Read these two and see if you understand them.   General Deterrence: People will engage in criminal and deviant activities if they do not fear apprehension and punishment. Norms, laws, and enforcement are to be designed and implemented to produce and maintain the image that "negative" and disruptive behaviors will receive attention and punishment. Although specific individuals become the object of enforcement activities, general deterrence theory focuses on reducing the probability of deviance in the general population. Examples of control activities reflecting the concerns of this concept include: Drunk-driving crackdowns, special gang-related crime task forces and police units, publication and highly visible notices of laws and policies (Notice: Shoplifters will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law), and the death penalty.  Specific Deterrence: General deterrence strategies focus on future behaviors, preventing individuals from engaging in crime or deviant by impacting their rational decision making process. Specific deterrence focuses on punishing known deviants in order to prevent them from ever again violating the specific norms they have broken. The concern here is that motives and rationales that lie behind the original behavior can, perhaps, never be delineated, but through the rational use of punishment as a negative sanction, problematic behavior can be extinguished. Examples: shock sentencing, corporal punishment, mandatory arrests for certain behaviors (domestic violence), etc.  And if you really want to play the semantic game, you're going to lose.   Main Entry: de·ter·rence  Pronunciation: di-'t&r-&n(t)s, -'ter-; -'t&-r&n(t)s, dE- Function: noun : the act or process of deterring : as a : the inhibition of criminal behavior by fear especially of punishment b : the maintenance of military power for the purpose of discouraging attack   Main Entry: dis·cour·age  Pronunciation: dis-'k&r-ij, -'k&-rij Function: transitive verb Inflected Form(s): -aged; -ag·ing Etymology: Middle English discoragen, from Middle French descorager, from Old French descoragier, from des- dis- + corage courage 1 : to deprive of courage or confidence : DISHEARTEN 2 a : to hinder by disfavoring b : to attempt to dissuade  Main Entry: dis·suade  Pronunciation: di-'swAd Function: transitive verb Inflected Form(s): dis·suad·ed; dis·suad·ing Etymology: Middle French or Latin; Middle French dissuader, from Latin dissuadEre, from dis- + suadEre to urge -- more at SWEET 1 a : to advise (a person) against something b archaic : to advise against (an action) 2 : to turn from something by persuasion  Main Entry: per·suade  Pronunciation: p&r-'swAd Function: transitive verb Inflected Form(s): per·suad·ed; per·suad·ing Etymology: Latin persuadEre, from per- thoroughly + suadEre to advise, urge -- more at SWEET 1 : to move by argument, entreaty, or expostulation to a belief, position, or course of action 2 : to plead with : URGE  The word you are looking for is terminate, not deter.
Yup, you failed english.   I'd say that death "prevents" an action, wouldn't you?  As a means of termination, not as a deterrence. Look at the defintion.   a negative motivational influence  One who is dead cannot by influenced by motivation! Therefore the argument of death as a deterent is a joke.   discourages action  I already gave the definitions shamming your entire argument. You can ignore the english dictionary all you want, it doesn't make you right.   It doesn't matter whether or not there are preferred uses of the word, the word, as used, was accurate and appropriate.  You just admitted you lost.   Death certainly deters crime  No it doesn't. Deter primarily means stopping by fear of the consequences, hence MAD. Death does neither. Simply because you fail to understand the very simplest of concepts does not make you right.   You obviously don't understand the concept of a deterrence yet think you do. If you believe you understand, explain the concept of deterrence in the Cold War MAD strategy.
I have. And I have also given you alternate definitions which you conveniently dismissed.  Because they don't make sense in the context and they ignore the entire history of the english langugage.   But, there are more than one definition for the word and mine was perfectly acceptable.  if you ignore the context and the entire history of the english langugage.   Deter "primarily" means stopping by fear?  Ask any college professor, any pyscholgy professional, any supporter of MAD, each and every one of them will say deterrences works on fear. Simply because you choose to ignore the context as well as all the history does not make you write because you choose a fringe defintion that no one today uses.   I understand nuclear deterrence better than you, I'm sure. I was alive when we had Civil Defense drills in which we lined up in the school halls with the young kids against the wall and older kids over top of them in a shieling manner. That was back in the early 60's. Where were you then? Probably not even a twinkle in your dad's eye.   Then explain the concept. You are simply using age as a means of proving you are right without actually saying anything that is revelant to the discussion. Sidestepping the argument simply because you fail to have a substantial point does not make you right, nor does age equate wisdom or knowledge. If you say you know it, prove it, don't give me the "I'm older then you therefore I am right" argument. Only weak debaters who cannot properly argue do that.    I write for a living; I don't appreciate some clown telling me that I flunked English 101.  You sure do sound like you did. You do realize you are essentially using the word board in the context of surfboard to mean society? Take a fringe defintion and then use defintions that no one uses to suit your argument. If you think you are all high and mighty, give me the history of the use of deterrence since the dawn of man and the primary fuction it served. That's if you can. Which I highly doubt. Very highly doubt.   Deterrence means to prevent a action through the use of fear as a discourgement. Are you contesting this?   Duo_Maxwell, there have been no cases of a criminal that has had the death penalty carred out committed a crime.  But that does not mean it is a deterrent. We have used this form of punishment since the dawn of man, and the supreme court in Furman vs. Georgia has acknowledged there is not a single shred of evidence supporting or detracting that the punshiment is a deterrence. Go look the case up, it's right there. But you have to wonder, how can there be no shred of supporting evidence after thousands of years of use, if it IS a actual deterrent?
UNCLE  Now, I know that some of its definitions are "  Is that the best response you got?   Tell me, though. Why does Webster bother putting more than one definition for a word in their dictionary if you only believe one?  Tell me, though, why is it that no one uses fringe defintions in the terms of debate or academia if they expect to be taken even remotely seriously?   I see you fail utterly and completely in proving that you know anything about accepted term of deterrences through the history of the world. Not to mention resorting to pathetic attempts to change the argument into age discussion.   I see I was right to highly doubt your ability to prove anything.   Emclean:  I guess we can't just get along.  JPSartre12 can't debate even remotely properly, and he resorts to using arguments that are completely irrevelant to the discussion as well as avoiding every call to prove something he says.
OK Jim, how can you disagree with my use of the word deterrent and turn around and say "I think the death penalty is a detergent. It cleanses society of the worthless bastards that commit heinous crimes." Isn't that exactly what I said? emoticon_confused  Not in the slighest. You are saying it deters, by prevents people from commiting more crimes, and therefore acts as a deterrence. He disagrees with that definition, as the rest of the rational world does. In the intellectual world, deterrence means to prevent through fear, not prevent through any means necessary, which you presume it to mean. Fringe defintions are like fringe groups, not taken seriously.    I never said that it deterred anoyone other than the SOB who couldn't commit his next crime because he was taking a dirt nap.  :(  But you were still using the fringe defintion that no one else uses. His in more appropirate because he is keeping in tune with the normal, accepted, and more or less legal defintion of the word, while supporting the penalty for other reasons.   I'm still waiting for you to explain MAD, that's if you can get over your age complex.
OK, I've only read the last 5 or 6 posts, but I'm going to stick my neck out on JP's behalf -   I think that by deterrent, JP is referring not to the person being executed as being deterred, as it's obviously not a deterrent to him/her, but to everyone else that might be considering commiting a capital offense being deterred.  IE - the death penalty acts as a deterrent to other would be murderers.   The idea being that their fear of being executed will win out over their desire to murder someone.  However, IMHO, that assertion is very arguable as well.  Waxy
Originally Posted by JPSartre12 You don't believe that the death penalty is a deterrent for capital offenses? What is the recidivism rate for criminals executed under the death penalty......ZERO. Now, THAT'S deterrence! Since the majority of violent crimes are committed by career criminals, the death penalty surely puts a damper on their career.    Errrrrr, after reading this, never mind my last post. emoticon_emb   Waxy
waxy: I think that by deterrent, JP is referring not to the person being executed as being deterred, as it's obviously not a deterrent to him/her, but to everyone else that might be considering commiting a capital offense being deterred.  That is not his argument. He is arguing that the executed are detered from comming crimes and therefore the punishment is therefore a deterrent. As for being a deterrent, in the case of Furman vs. Georgia, the Supreme court SAID there was NO conclusive evidence supporting or detracting that the punishment is a deterrent. You must also remember we have been using the death penalty since the dawn of human civilization. You'd figure with 3,000 years of use there would be a single piece IF it was a true deterrent.   It seems like I'm not the only person who "incorrectly" used the word deterrent when speaking about the death of the criminal being a deterrent to future crime.  Re-read what you are agreeing with. He is saying it is NOT a deterrent. I'm really starting to doubt you write for a living.   I can't believe you are actually using this essay.   By 1964, when there were only 15 executions, the number of murders had risen to 9,250. In 1969, there were no executions and 14,590 murders, and 1975, after six years without executions, 20,510 murders occurred. So the number of murders grew as the number of executions shrank  Blanant disgrard of virtually every factor in America. It ignores changing economics, changing immigration, changing political situation, changing job markets, changing influences of overall crime treatment, changing global enviroment, changing enviroment, changing whatever. That argument holds as much water as a argument stating that over 10 years the number of children starting playing with blocks and therefore American block companies became richer.   The rest of the essays follows the same argument. Blanant disregard of all factors to distort and highlight one to support a argument. You should be ashamed of supporting such outlandish and purposefully distorted arguments   I have already given a accepted meaning of specific deterrence that disproves your shameful "links." You simply chose to ignore it.   . Indeed, in a USA Today Poll, 68% of respondents agreed that the death penalty deters crime (USA Snapshots, 1984).   And the majority of Americans think that the penalty is cheaper then life. the majority argument is used by those who cannot properly debate and those who also actually believe the fallacy of might makes right.   Hopefully, this will put an end to the argument over senamtics.  If you choose to ignore the accepted meaning that has been used in America for the past 60 years, sure.   So, how did he die. By a gun.  Missing some information eh?    You still have completely and utterly failed to explain MAD while giving the agument that age means correctness
waxy:   That is not his argument. He is arguing that the executed are detered from comming crimes and therefore the punishment is therefore a deterrent. As for being a deterrent, in the case of Furman vs. Georgia, the Supreme court SAID there was NO conclusive evidence supporting or detracting that the punishment is a deterrent. You must also remember we have been using the death penalty since the dawn of human civilization. You'd figure with 3,000 years of use there would be a single piece IF it was a true deterrent.   Ummmmmmm. Check out post #51. emoticon_confused   Waxy
a criminal that is executed is deterred from committing any further crimes  A criminal cannot be deterreted if he is dead, because he can no longer be motivatied by fear of the consequences, which is the accepted meaning of deterrence, one you choose to ignore. A criminal can no longer act, and therefore can no longer commit ANYTHING other then decay.   when I demonstrated that the word was, in fact, used accurately, you changed strategy and attempted to argue thye concept of the death penalty as a deterrent to others.  But it was not because you did conviently choose to ignore the modifying, and vital part of the meaning. You left out the REASON of prevention instead to uphold a single word. There are other words that accurartly describe your argument, but deter is not one of them.   You think that the word dererrence can only be used in the context of using fear to prevent actions by others. I demonstrated that the term also means "to prevent"   By choosing to ignore the other half of the word that gives it it's meaning in the english language. We COULD talk like that in every day life, except no one would understand anything and the world would be completely chaotic. If you say you are a writer, doesn't that mean you understand how words modify others and without certain words, they lose all essence of meaning?   I'm busting a gut here. You are missing the trees for the forrest.  And you made a forest mean a desert.   I used quotes that demonstrated the use of the terms deterrent or deterrence to demonstrate their grammatical accuracy NOT their conceptual accuracy.  And I proved this essay is a fringe viewpoint, as well as holding many lies, fallacies and outright distortions. You should be ashamed as a writer to even have posted that.   You got so torqued with the content that you missed the only point that was being made, that the grammatical use of the term was legitimate. And, yes, I write for a living. Do you read for yours  1, you must be poor, 2, you have ignored the vital meaning of the word to instead uphold a single word. I could use the word hang, and say to elavate. But it wouldn't make much sense if I didn't mean to have no support underneath. I could say talk, and mean deliver, but not mean through the use of communcation. I talked the pizza. Doesn't make sense now does it dear writer? That is PERCISELY what you are doing.   The key was that each side possessed enough nuclear power to wipe out each other many times over, even if part of their arsenal was neutralized by a first strike.  And therefore the consequence of attacking via nuclear means would mean mutal destruction, a clear CONSEQUENCE that put FEAR into MOTIVATING both sides NOT TO ACT.   It would have been dumb for you to have explained MAD earlier and therefore accept the LEGAL, ACCEPTED meaning of deterrence.  You still haven't talked about the Furman Vs. Georgia Supreme court statement.
Agreed. You people are driving me nuts. Somebody concede the point.   Deterrance=scaring somebody so they don't commit a particular act or group of acts.  easy enough. You can't deter somebody once they are dead. The death penalty is not deterrance for the person executed. The death penalty is deterrance for the rest of society, both criminals, potential crimanals, and average citizens. It is the governments way of reminding you that if they find you objectionable enough, they CAN and WILL kill you.  Personally, I think it has less to do with crime, even as a deterrent, than it does with reminding us all who is running the place and exactly how much power they have (that would be the governement, and they have LOTS of power, up to and including the power to kill you).   I was discussing this the other day with my sister who is a psychologist. We disagree on almost every political issue there is since she is about as far left as you can get on pretty much every issue out there. We speak very rarely, and when we do we try to steer clear of politics. She does have an interesting argument when it comes to the death penalty, though, and I have to say I think it makes sense. I am anti-death penalty anyway, since I feel that either it is wrong to kill people, in which case we shouldn't do it, or it is OK to kill people, in which case we shouldn;t be making a fuss over it when people get murdered. I also don't think that the government should have the power to execute people. The governemnt gets its power from the people, and the people don't have the right to execute people (at the vaery least it is a gross violation of their civil rights), so it stands to reason that we cannot give the government power that we ourselves do not posess.  Anyway, her argument is that the death penalty, form a purely psychological sense, does not make any sense. The vast majority of murders that are commited are not premeditated. They are carried out in a fit of rage, or fear (such as in the case of a thief shooting a police officer or citizen during a robbery). In this case, the death penalty has little or no value as a deterrent, since the emotional state of the person does not exactly lend itself to wholly rational thought. In many cases such as this, the act of murder is very nearly a reflex. This is not to say that people should not be punished in these cases, but it is highly unlikely that somebody who is in such a state of emotional distress that they are ready to kill somebody is likely to stop and consider the possible penalties rationally.  In the case of premeditated murder, the death penalty makes even less sense as a deterent. In most cases, people who commit premeditated murder (and I am talking real, honest to god premeditated murder here, not the BS cases we have seen recently where prosecutors have claimed that if somebody has 30 seconds to think about it it was premeditated), the person plans the murder, and honestly believes they will not be caught. In this case, it is pretty unlikely that the potential for being executed is likely to have any real effect on the decisionmaking process (she has a very long explanation for why, but I don't have the time it would take to put it all down right now). Life in prison is, on its own, a pretty serious deterrent, and adding one level past that is pretty much worthless.   A third class of murders are commited by guys like Bundy. These folks are mentally ill, are sometimes unable to stop killing, and no amount of deterrent is going to stop them. Fortunatly, there are very few of these folks running around (depending on whose estimates you want to look at, there are likely between 100 and 500 serial killers running around America at any given time).  I would like to present a hypothesis as far as deterrents go. I think that once you get enough "deterrence" in place, it actually becomes a catalyst for violent crime. Lets not kid ourselves, we know what causes crime. Lack of education contributes enormously, as does a poor socioeconomic structure. Crimes are not generally commited by sociopaths, they are generally commited by people who are desperate.   Personally, I can kind of understand this. It is easy to look at a guy who robs a bank or a convenience store and write him off as a "bad guy". I cannot gaurantee that I would not do the exact same thing if my back was against the wall, though. It is easy to sit there in your comfortable middle class home, with your 2 cars in the garge and your 2.5 kids playing in the yard and think of criminals as scumbags, but if you were in a situation where your family was hungry and you were facing the very real possibilty of being homeless wit your family, I don't think there is a man in America who would not commit a crime to take care of his family.  Anyway, we have imposed these incredibly harsh penalties for people who commit crimes. I think that this makes people more likely to resort to violence in order to get away with commiting crimes.   If you look at violent crime in America, it rose pretty steadily, and disporportionatly to other crime, then it began a fairly steady decline that IS porportionate to other crime. If you look at what was going on as far as out criminal justice system in those years where violent crime was skyrocketing, we were imposing harsher and harsher penalties. A lot of this violence came with the drug trade, which is still booming today. but without so much violence. While we tend to envision drug dealers as movie type millionairs, the vast majority of the drug dealers busted during that time period were small time nobodies who were hustling to make a buck. If you were a drug dealer, and were about to get busted, and you knew that meant going to prison for 10 years (mandatory sentencing being what it is/was), and you saw a way out, even if it did involve serious violence (i.e shooting your way out), would you do it? i think I would  think about what 10 years in prison means. When you get out, your life is, of course, ruined. You have no money, no real prospect of ever getting a decent job because you are a felon, and if you had a family, you are pretty much a stranger by then. There is a better than average chance that your wife has left you. you are basically penniless, and you have just burned 10 years of you life away.  The decline in crime did not come with lengthier and more outrageous prison terms. It came with social programs that addressed the root causes of crime. This is one thing I really have to give the democrats credit for. I am generally not fond of liberal/democratic ideals as a whole, but they really did get some good programs passed that have helped address crime. You are always going to have those who are more or less criminals by nature, and you will never really be able to do anything about them. By helping those who are criminals by desperation, I think you can make a huge difference in the crime numebrs (and history seems to back this up).   I think that if we want to decreas violent crime even further, we need to remove mandatory sentencing guidelines and put sentencing power back in the hands of the judges, where it belongs. I would personally rather combat crime than punish criminals. If a guy walks into court on a charge of theft, shows the judge that he stole a car because he can't find a job, and his family is starving, I would have no problem at all with the judge sentencing him to probation and a job development program. Unfortunatly, in my state, he would get a mandatory 3 years. Same guy gets out, has fewer prospects than he did before, and ends up commiting more crimes.   We started imposing mandatory senteces because we anted to appear tough on crime. And crime went up. So we imposed tougher mandatory sentences, and crime went up some more. Are people really so stupid that they cannot see the connection here? Are we really such a shallow, vengeful society that we prefer to punish crimainals rather than stop crime?
Agreed. You people are driving me nuts. Somebody concede the point.   Deterrance=scaring somebody so they don't commit a particular act or group of acts.  easy enough. You can't deter somebody once they are dead. The death penalty is not deterrance for the person executed. The death penalty is deterrance for the rest of society, both criminals, potential crimanals, and average citizens. It is the governments way of reminding you that if they find you objectionable enough, they CAN and WILL kill you.  Personally, I think it has less to do with crime, even as a deterrent, than it does with reminding us all who is running the place and exactly how much power they have (that would be the governement, and they have LOTS of power, up to and including the power to kill you).   I was discussing this the other day with my sister who is a psychologist. We disagree on almost every political issue there is since she is about as far left as you can get on pretty much every issue out there. We speak very rarely, and when we do we try to steer clear of politics. She does have an interesting argument when it comes to the death penalty, though, and I have to say I think it makes sense. I am anti-death penalty anyway, since I feel that either it is wrong to kill people, in which case we shouldn't do it, or it is OK to kill people, in which case we shouldn;t be making a fuss over it when people get murdered. I also don't think that the government should have the power to execute people. The governemnt gets its power from the people, and the people don't have the right to execute people (at the vaery least it is a gross violation of their civil rights), so it stands to reason that we cannot give the government power that we ourselves do not posess.  Anyway, her argument is that the death penalty, form a purely psychological sense, does not make any sense. The vast majority of murders that are commited are not premeditated. They are carried out in a fit of rage, or fear (such as in the case of a thief shooting a police officer or citizen during a robbery). In this case, the death penalty has little or no value as a deterrent, since the emotional state of the person does not exactly lend itself to wholly rational thought. In many cases such as this, the act of murder is very nearly a reflex. This is not to say that people should not be punished in these cases, but it is highly unlikely that somebody who is in such a state of emotional distress that they are ready to kill somebody is likely to stop and consider the possible penalties rationally.  In the case of premeditated murder, the death penalty makes even less sense as a deterent. In most cases, people who commit premeditated murder (and I am talking real, honest to god premeditated murder here, not the BS cases we have seen recently where prosecutors have claimed that if somebody has 30 seconds to think about it it was premeditated), the person plans the murder, and honestly believes they will not be caught. In this case, it is pretty unlikely that the potential for being executed is likely to have any real effect on the decisionmaking process (she has a very long explanation for why, but I don't have the time it would take to put it all down right now). Life in prison is, on its own, a pretty serious deterrent, and adding one level past that is pretty much worthless.   A third class of murders are commited by guys like Bundy. These folks are mentally ill, are sometimes unable to stop killing, and no amount of deterrent is going to stop them. Fortunatly, there are very few of these folks running around (depending on whose estimates you want to look at, there are likely between 100 and 500 serial killers running around America at any given time).  I would like to present a hypothesis as far as deterrents go. I think that once you get enough "deterrence" in place, it actually becomes a catalyst for violent crime. Lets not kid ourselves, we know what causes crime. Lack of education contributes enormously, as does a poor socioeconomic structure. Crimes are not generally commited by sociopaths, they are generally commited by people who are desperate.   Personally, I can kind of understand this. It is easy to look at a guy who robs a bank or a convenience store and write him off as a "bad guy". I cannot gaurantee that I would not do the exact same thing if my back was against the wall, though. It is easy to sit there in your comfortable middle class home, with your 2 cars in the garge and your 2.5 kids playing in the yard and think of criminals as scumbags, but if you were in a situation where your family was hungry and you were facing the very real possibilty of being homeless wit your family, I don't think there is a man in America who would not commit a crime to take care of his family.  Anyway, we have imposed these incredibly harsh penalties for people who commit crimes. I think that this makes people more likely to resort to violence in order to get away with commiting crimes.   If you look at violent crime in America, it rose pretty steadily, and disporportionatly to other crime, then it began a fairly steady decline that IS porportionate to other crime. If you look at what was going on as far as out criminal justice system in those years where violent crime was skyrocketing, we were imposing harsher and harsher penalties. A lot of this violence came with the drug trade, which is still booming today. but without so much violence. While we tend to envision drug dealers as movie type millionairs, the vast majority of the drug dealers busted during that time period were small time nobodies who were hustling to make a buck. If you were a drug dealer, and were about to get busted, and you knew that meant going to prison for 10 years (mandatory sentencing being what it is/was), and you saw a way out, even if it did involve serious violence (i.e shooting your way out), would you do it? i think I would  think about what 10 years in prison means. When you get out, your life is, of course, ruined. You have no money, no real prospect of ever getting a decent job because you are a felon, and if you had a family, you are pretty much a stranger by then. There is a better than average chance that your wife has left you. you are basically penniless, and you have just burned 10 years of you life away.  The decline in crime did not come with lengthier and more outrageous prison terms. It came with social programs that addressed the root causes of crime. This is one thing I really have to give the democrats credit for. I am generally not fond of liberal/democratic ideals as a whole, but they really did get some good programs passed that have helped address crime. You are always going to have those who are more or less criminals by nature, and you will never really be able to do anything about them. By helping those who are criminals by desperation, I think you can make a huge difference in the crime numebrs (and history seems to back this up).   I think that if we want to decreas violent crime even further, we need to remove mandatory sentencing guidelines and put sentencing power back in the hands of the judges, where it belongs. I would personally rather combat crime than punish criminals. If a guy walks into court on a charge of theft, shows the judge that he stole a car because he can't find a job, and his family is starving, I would have no problem at all with the judge sentencing him to probation and a job development program. Unfortunatly, in my state, he would get a mandatory 3 years. Same guy gets out, has fewer prospects than he did before, and ends up commiting more crimes.   We started imposing mandatory senteces because we anted to appear tough on crime. And crime went up. So we imposed tougher mandatory sentences, and crime went up some more. Are people really so stupid that they cannot see the connection here? Are we really such a shallow, vengeful society that we prefer to punish crimainals rather than stop crime?  Excellent post Daewoo. emoticon_xgood   Waxy
 Apologies to everyone on these forums for all this, but it had to be cleared up.  No apology necessary.  Though I doubt it's "cleared up". :p :p   Waxy
JPSartre12: As a self proclaimed writer, you know full well that you should refrain from using dictionaries that define the word WITH THE WORD.   Now, are we in agreement that deterrence means " the act of deterring? OK  Percisely why you shouldn't be using all of those pieces of :xcensored.   And Phunting, I suggest that you find yourself a better dictionary.   I suggest you find a dictionary that doesn't use the word to define the word. Mom, what does walk mean? Walk means to move by walking. emoticon_frazzled Useless.   The content of the argument isn't what I was arguing; it was the grammatical use of the word deterrent as it applies to a dirt napper's ability to commit a future crime.  But it doesn't. No court of law, nor any respectable lawyer will use the term as you are using. Deter means to prevent through motivation and fear, not through a gun shot wound to the head. Deter does mean to prevent, but it relies on the following that you have constantly ignored. You have resorted to idiotic essays, complete disrgard of history, and complete disregard of all accepted terms to uphold a single word in a defintion. What does speed mean? Speed means HIGH. emoticon_frazzled   Phunting wrote the statement above, not me.  No one is arguing that deter does not mean prevent. We are arguing that deter is not a all usable term for prevent.
Know what?   Let's just drop the semantics. You are not willing to accept the defintion accepted by the courts, the people, and history itself. I am not willing to ignore parts of words to suit a argument. I talked the pizza? No, I don't support that form of arguing (and neither should you).  Moving on. Should we support the current penalty?
Hum, for someone who professes to know the English language, how come you consistently use "a" in front of a vowel. Didn't your third grade English teacher teach you any better..last year?  I do believe it was YOU who said they wrote for a living, not me, not to mention that attacks on grammer and spelling are some of the worst, and lowest forms of "debating" a person can do. It shows how little they really have to say, instead of actually talking about the subject, they resort to nit picking the very grammer of a post. Pathetic. If that is all you have to say, why are you still here? Only immature and weak debaters even consider resorting to comments on simple grammer. Notice the person who resorted to them. Notice the high and mighty "i'm a writer so you're wrong" attitude. Notice who used dictionary terms that defined the word with the word. Sometime tells me you are no better then the liar known as Can'tholdmedown.   Yes, we should support the death penalty. While it may not deter (oh no, there's that dreaded word again) others from committing capital crimes, it does provide a measure of justice/retribution to the victm's family, friends and society as a whole. If practiced as designed, it would also alleviate some of the fears of prisoner's escaping, life sentences being commuted 20 years later and some of the fiscal burden that we, as Americans, refuse to pay.   The Supreme court STATED there was NO evidence of deterrence. Your inability to research a CREDIBLE source that does not rely on LIES, DISTORTIONS and OUTRIGHT DISREGARD OF INFORMATION says much about you.   How is taking more life justice? If someone killed my relative, I wouldn't want them killed, I would want them to spend the rest of their lives in hard, back breaking labor. Death is a release from all suffering, no murderer deserves that.   Justice is not revenge.   Many Americans speak out against capital punishment, in favor of life sentences, and then vote against increased spending for prisons.  Yet the opposite group wants more executions and fisical responsiblity, quite a contridictory attiutude is it?   This causes criminals who have committed lesser crimes to be given shorter sentences and gives them the opportunity to graduate to capital crimes.  And you came up with that asseration yourself? Violent crimes can be stopped by enforcing the very early crimes, aka vandalism. Go look up what New York did, by enforcing the minor laws in a draconian method, major crimes plummeted, not the method you are proclaiming.  I also believe that the system is broken in many states, specifically IL, where courts have refused to allow DNA testing to make sure of a criminal's guilt/innocence.  But they do have a law forcing post-conviction DNA testing.   (6) The 2 States that have established statutory processes for post-conviction DNA testing, Illinois and New York, have the most post-conviction DNA exonerations, 14 and 7, respectively.  http://feingold.senate.gov/~feingold/issuearea/innocenceprotectionact.html
I find it quite disengenuous of you, who spent several posts nitpicking my choice of the word "deterrent" by making snide comments, coming back now and giving me a lecture on debating tactics. You opened the can of worms, I just oblidged you. If you don't want people to hurl invectives back at you, then don't start the flurry.  Is THAT how you see it? Wow, the world is black and white with you. What I was talking about was the use of the word by the rest of the world, the use of the word throughout history, and the use of the word in law, explain to me how those are the same as nitpicking on the use of "a" and "an."   Apparently dispelling fallacies as well as giving legal definitions is snide to you.   Remember, it was you who wrote: "JPSartre12: Oh boy. Another person who has flunked english 101. " "Yup, you failed english. "  Not to mention a few other things I won't mention.   Is that how you debate? I always thougth that personal attacks were the weakest form of argument. You can't fault the argument, so you attack the person.  Well considering how "well" you debated the point with ignoring history, ignoring the use of it in law, ignoring the accepted use, using fallacies, using distortions and lies, and upholding a single word and ignoring the rest (I talked the pizza!), it really doesn't matter. I didn't post that ridiculous essays which essentially has the argument Bobby was around when the birds flew, therefore Bobby made the birds fly.   Isn't that exactly what you intended to do with your comments above? You provoked a response, in kind , and now want to run away from it.   How am I running away from it. You keep ignoring the fact that you are ignoring a vast amount of information to uphold a single word instead of the entire meaning. I talked the pizza! Is that correct? In your eyes yes.   I passed English 101; I passed Technical Writing for Scientists; I passed Calculus, Physics, Organic Chemistry and a plethora of other courses.   Being a blowhard doesn't mean you are correct. Physics has nothing to do with accepted legal definitions. Another fallacy you are using, along with knowledge of the ancients. Much of your arguments are based on known fallacies I have pointed out time and time again, and which you have ignored time and time again. Do you have any real facts or just fallacies?   Again with the cocky attitude. We all know that the Supreme Court is the end all for everything, right? IMO, the Supreme Court has a batting average of about 0.500.   At least they don't judge on lies, distortions, and ignorance as the essay you did does. That's quite something to say that when you have posted a essay far worse then how they judge. Ignoring the fact that you did this doesn't make you right.   You tried to take my use of the word deterrent, as applied to the daisy pusher, and argue that the criminal's death didn't "deter" him from committing another crime on a purely myoptic understanding of the definition of deter. Was that arguing substance over semantics?  Purely myoptic understanding? Is that what you call the historical use of the word for the past 3,000 years? Apparently the legal definition, historical definiton and accept defintion are all semantics to you have no bearing. If we all ignored parts of word we did not like, no one could communicate. I talked the pizza! You can constantly ignored how that is exactly what you are doing.   If someone killed a relative of mine, I'd want to PERSONALLY throw the switch or put a bullet in their head. An eye for an eye IS justice in some instances. It may not be YOUR idea of justice, but it IS mine.  Alright. But you're just giving them the ultimate freedom. No more pain, no more suffering, no more hardship, no more earthly demands, no more constantly uncertaintly, no more worrying, no more problems. Doesn't sound like the murderer is even being punished.   That's your opinion and one not shared by many people, including me.  An eye for an eye and the whole world goes blind.   No, it isn't. Fiscal responsibility can occur when criminals are locked up (or executed). The crime rate drops, less police are needed, ultimately less jails would be needed, but that's generally not the "Party Platform". Republicans are for fiscal responsibility, strong defense and tough law enforcement measurements. The three aren't mutually exclusive if you cut out all of the social engineering programs that are draining our economy.  Ignorant. Executing people is costing this country money, lives, and dignity. The crime rate doesn't drop with more penalties, it increases. If you know anything about how these trials are paid for, you would know that counties, counties that are usually in the RED, have to pay for them. They cut social services FIRST, and pressure police to handle the major crimes, not the small crimes. And as any knowledge person knows, without that form of help and enforcement, crime rates go up. If republicans are for fiscal responsibitly, why are republicans voting for Bush? Do you realize it costs more to kill people then the put them away for life?   How many times in recent years have judges ordered prisons to allow some criminals serving time for lesser crimes out due to prison overcrowding?   Do you even understand how the system in NY works? None of what you say even matters if we applied it to the entire country.
Well, it took me a while, but now I'm convinced that you're no more than a troll. Your only intent with your "in your face" attitude is to provoke a negative response.  Simply because you fail to understand the word, fail to understand the history, fail to understand your absurdly large amount of fallacies, fail to understand the legal defintion, fail to understand how enforcement in the past has worked in the past, attacked another for his dictionary use while showing your own indept ability to use a dictionary, and that's just for starters. Your own character flaws do not make me a troll.   When I pointed out examples of a word used in context, you attacked the argument, not the proper use of the word (which was my only reason for incorporating it in the first place).  Prevent is NEVER a all encompassing subsitute for deter. You weren't use the proper use of the word, you were using a single word in the defintion as the entire definition. I TALKED THE PIZZA! Does that make sense? Well, talk means to deliver by speech, so Yes, it does, if we use your logic. You should take a look at the fallacious arguments thread in the same forum as the bear defense one. You are using quite a few of them.    You made several snide comments about my writing abilities, which I may add are superior to your own. Do you ever read what you write? Do you even care?  Superior? That's questionable, and utterly arrogant as well. For one who uses a dictiontary that defines the word with the word, that's quite a arrogant and ignorant comment to say. You haven'r proved anything beyond your absolute love for fallacies and your completely contempt for history. If you noticed, I went paragraph by paragraph dissecting and pointing out all of the problems in your arguments. You have selectively read points. Another fallacy to fail to notice.    And now, in this post, you've called me a blowhard and ignorant because my view of the world doesn't correspond to yours.  No, I called you a blowhard because you listed all of your courses in a attempt to prove that you are smarter, and therefore right, another fallacy, what is that? Like the 15th time you've resorted to fallacies. Physics has nothing to do with proving a historical argument. I called you ignorant because you apparently know nothing about history (except mad) nor do you understand the economics of the penalty, nor do you understand how lower crime prevention stops major crimes. All of these you have ignored.   Too bad, junior. Get used to it. Life is full of differences, some good, some bad.  See above.    You might want to bone up on your own debating skills, which are severely lacking from my perspective. Name calling rarely wins an argument past the third grade level.   Considering you haven't proven anything, constantly selectively read, ignore everything you don't like, don't bother to research, constantly assert that age and "education" makes you right without any substance, have used a large number of fallacies, ignore the fact that I have used a phrase exactly like you did, your skills are severely lacking from my persepective. Ignore facts, ignoring points, ignoring history, restorting to fallacies, and ignoring everything you don't like, as well as fabricating argunents rarely wins a arguemnt past 3rd grade.    And, it is YOU who thinks that everything can be reduced to definite yes/no answers.  Prove it. If you can. Considering how weak your arguemnts are (you remind me of "expert" creationist) you won't be able to prove that. Notice you can't rise to any challenge I give. You simply ignore them, along with everything else you don't like.   I been around enough to know that's not the case. So, before I waste any more time feeding a troll, I'll end my discourse with you and give you a chance to dry out behind the ears before re-engaging again.  Once again you resort to the knowledge of the ancients/youth fallacy. I will take you down in every argument. You have a fallacy lover as well as a fabricator. You have ignored so many facts. You have ignored so many points. You haven't proven anything or refuted anything.   I think I'll go make a list of all the fallacies you have used.
Please explain this. Show me some figures on the cost of an execution and the cost of life imprisonment. Base it on a 21 year old criminal whose life expectancy is 50 more years.  No problem.   here is data from a internet paper floating around in the internet.   A commission after an extended study came to the conclusion that the cost to execute a convict was far more than the total expenses of life without parole. On average, the commission found execution was 38% more expensive then life without parole. On average, the yearly costs for life without parole total to $22,000 per prisoner. If a prisoner serves the mandatory 60 years, it will cost the state roughly $1.32 million for a single life sentence. While those statistics may seem staggering, what is truly astounding are the statistics from other studies, such as one by North Carolina. That study found that it costs $2.16 million per execution more than the of prosecuting a non-capital punishment case, and a lifetime sentence combined. If you apply that cost to the rest of the nation's executions, the nation has spent over $1 billion on capital punishment since the reinstatement of the penalty via Gregg vs. Georgia in 1976. The Miami Herald estimated that in the state of Florida, the 18 prisoners executed in the fifteen years from 1973 to 1988, cost an average of $3.2 million per convict, totaling $57.6 million.  However, one must remember that it takes a trial to send a person to death row, and eventually to their final destination. The National Bureau of Economics Research, directed by Katherine Baicker, found that sixteen years of capital punishment trials have costs the nation $1.6 billion dollars. They also found most capital punishment cases fall on a county's budget. Subsequently, the counties that prosecute these cases must balance the high costs, and most cut programs, slash budgets of fire and police departments, and public transportation. However, this is usually not enough, and higher taxes end up balancing the budget. One example of counties balancing their budgets by those methods is Douglas County, Kansas. The residents of the county have a $1.7 million budget deficit. The county has already cut $1.5 million from the budget, which will degrade the quality of programs in the county. On top of that $1.7 million deficit, a capital punishment case is scheduled in that county. Recent estimates of the trial have the total cost ranging into the $2 million price tag. Commissioner Jones was quoted comparing the costs to the trial's results, "That extra measure of justice or vengeance -- however you want to call it -- is not worth all the sacrifices you'll have to make." Clearly the costs of the trial have an impact, enough to make the people wonder if it is truly worth invoking the death penalty.  Many wonder how is death more expensive than life! Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin's 2002 death penalty case breakdown is as follows: Four prosecutors for the two-month trial, including preparation time totaled $296,000. $34,000 was spent on equipment, presentations for the trial, and expert testimonies. Another $43,000 was allocated for investigators to research the case. $164,000 was paid to one of the defense attorneys. The other three attorneys did not submit their legal fees, but the estimated additional fees top out at $200,000. The jury selection costs the state more than $87,000. The calculated costs add up to $602,000, without overtime pay to deputies. However, this case did not end with a conviction to death row, but only life without parole. This cost is unusually low since Jamil did not go through the multiple appeals that most convicts do when originally given the death sentence. A convict can appeal to his or her state's Supreme Court, then an intermediate court, and finally the US Supreme Court. If Jamil received the death penalty, the low end of his three appeals would total $1.806 million. If he did appeal, the low end of the sum of his appeals plus his first trial total $2.4 million. That total is significantly more than $1.32 million that Indiana's Commission had found for room and board of a life sentence.   Indiana Criminal Law Study Commission, January 10, 2002 The Costs of Processing Murder Cases in North Carolina, Duke University May 1993  Miami Herald, July 10, 1988 The Budgetary Repercussions of Capital Convictions Lawrence Journal World, February 3, 2003 Atlanta Journal-Constitution, May 12, 2002  Also, please explain how the Supreme Court can logically back up a claim that capital punishment is not a deterrent to capital crime.  "Although some of the studies suggest that the death penalty may not function as a significantly greater deterrent than lesser penalties, there is no convincing empirical evidence supporting or refuting this view."  Gregg vs. Georgia, Supreme Court Of The United States, 428 U.S. 153, March 31, 1976  That and countries without the penalty have substantially lower crime rates. Think about it. If it WAS a deterrent, why isn't there any convincing empirical evidence saying it is after 3,000 years of use? Answer me that.    Do they have figures on how many times people have decided not to commit a crime? Are they comparing statistics among states with and without the death penalty?  The supreme court has access to every legal staistics and study ever done in this country.    (BTW, make sure your hands are clean before you tell someone else they need to wash theirs.)  And what do you mean by this? This can be used aganist many Bush supporters just to let you know.  JPSartre12: Ignoring your own character flaws and use of widespread fallacies does not make you right nor does it win arguments.
this is not about cost, it is about whitch is more humane, in your opinion, life in a cage, or death?  Death would be more humane and therefore I choose the "life in a cage". Hopefully a long, long life.
Emclean: Oh but it is about cost. The trial of one alleged criminal will likely cost many other families the lives of their loved ones. That is unacceptable in almost every case and notion to me. We do not kill people to ensure that more innocents are murder.   in your opinion, life in a cage, or death?  That refers to our current system, one I do not support.   So you are comparing incarceration to the costs of prosecution and conviction for capital crimes, not just the execution.  Because that is what seperates the costs in between the two. If we ran our system like Saudi Arabia, I wouldn't have made the argument. You cannot ignore the costs of the trial to suit your argument.   I noted in an article regarding the cost of the death penalty in California that a capital trial costs $1,898,323.00 while a non-capital trial costs $627,322.00.  So you admit that it does cost more. Not like that's up for discussion anyway.    The bulk of the increased cost goes to the lawyers, investigators, the court and the jail. True, some of this is taxpayer money, but it's being recirculated through payrolls and redistributed as taxable income, so it's really not that expensive.  While the divided example mentioned in the long economics explantion I posted does sort of support your argument, it only does on the surface level. The other examples I posted cost significently more, to the point of a million or more. True, the money does go back into the system as tax, but it is not being kept in the county/state and being spent as it normally would be. The key to stopping violent crimes is to enforce a Draconian rule of lower laws. NY tried this and succeeded beyond their most wild dreams. Violent crimes dropped more then 50%. Not to mention that many killers start off disturbed, and can easily be helped early through proper social services. The money that is spent on trials is not spent on those two fundemental cutters of violent crimes. So in reality it not only costs more, but it only ensure more innocent blood to be spilled.   The execution itself costs far less than incarceration. I have made a standing offer to perform executions for $250.00 a head (group rates available) and that includes burial at sea.  Then we abandon many civil rights, including due process of law. Like I said, it would be cheaper if we ran our system like Saudi Arabia, but we don't, nor should we, that's if we consider our society civilized.
 Incidently, there's a country (I think in South America) where if you cause an auto accident that hurts someone and you are determined by the officer in charge of the scene to be under the influence of alcohol, he can shoot you dead at the scene, thus saving the cost of a trial.  A year ago I stopped at the scene of an accident of a vehicle driven by a woman who I witnessed sail over the median and land squarely in the opposite side of the freeway. We all, including the state trooper, believed she was intoxicated judging by the response to questions, with slurred speech and all, but the paramedics who arrived later found her bracelet identifying her as diabetic, suffering an insulin reaction. Think of the medical expenses we could have saved with a simple bullet.
Jim: I offer to execute only those who have been proven guilty, not just suspected of it.  But the cost is already been paid for. Millions of dollars have left the county and the state coffers.   Incidently, there's a country (I think in South America) where if you cause an auto accident that hurts someone and you are determined by the officer in charge of the scene to be under the influence of alcohol, he can shoot you dead at the scene, thus saving the cost of a trial.  That was probably during Argentina's war aganist Britain where martial law was enacted, or Chile's dictatorship. Besides, it ignores mechanical failure as well as other factors. Due process of law is something this country is built on, it seperates us from the dictators who run their courts as extensions of their own will.   is it is better to lock up the families loved ones forever?  It is simply easier, cheaper, and better to simply lock away the scumbag for life?   I do support a penalty, just not the current one  Death is still a weak punishment in my eyes. Why would I give a murderer freedom from suffering and the demands of a worldly life?
I don't know what exactly to think of it only I think it saves us the cost of prisons!   No it doesn't!  It cost way more money in appeals than it does to excute someone. WE the taxpayers pay for legal represenatation for them and us, plus the cost of keeping them in jail. The appelas process alone costs the tax payers millions. It is far more expensive to kill them than to leave them in jail with no chance of parole.
It didnt hit me until I read your post that just maybe I will finally get justice or be able to put this to rest. When you said it was more Humane to put them down then to cage them up.. then so be it. I hope he rots in the cell he lives in. IMHO  I don't agree with capital punishment because I believe all people have a right to life but I have to agree that the greater punishment for criminals is to keep them alive. Death is quick and easy, a life forced to live with what you have done is far greater punishment. Let them rot in a cage for the rest of their natural lives.
But if a loved one were murdered for simply protecting his/her family, what would life in prison do for justice? For you? For the low-life - but maybe get him paroled for some pacified, gutless reason/excuse?  Do you define justice as taking another person's life? Will the wrong doers death lessen your loss? I don't believe the eye for an eye attitude has a place in modern society.   In all most all cases where the death penalty is an issue, chance of parole is usually not on the table. I am advocating life in prison without the option of parole. This way the criminal will not be able to harm anyone else and will be forced to live out his or her years in misery.
I wonder how many people would change their mind about the death penalty if it hit close to home?  Anastasia, you speak very eloquently about a subject you obviously care alot about. One must concede the fact that often it is impossible to make a fair and balanced decision when you have some form of vested interest in the issue at hand. I too have had this issue hit close to home, though I don't want to go into it at the moment. In some cases the only way to truly see things clearly is to take a step back from the situation and view it from outside of yourself.   It is natural to want closure or some visible sign that another has to suffer your pain, but it is our very humanity that we must rise above to realize that all life is precious and extinguishing the life of another never solves anything. I don't mean something that might happen in the heat of the moment but rather something as calculated as capital punishment. By demanding the life of another we soil ourselves with hate that comes with revenge. I might wish the person that harmed my family so should never take another breath but I know that noone has the right to take another's life in such a manner.  Though the system may not work perfectly at this point as you mention, why not devote all the time, energy, and effort that goes into the death row process to keeping killers locked up for the rest of their lives.
I don't know what exactly to think of it only I think it saves us the cost of prisons! I would favor capital punishment IF our system was always fair and equal, it is not ..... would O.J. have walked if he had been a poor man? I would support capital punishment if we only convicted guilty men ... that is not the case. The list of men on death row who were found to be innocent and released is long and growing, and we can only guess how many innocents have been put to death. To me the harshest punishment would be to wake up knowing that this day would be like yesterday and tomorrow will be like today - for the rest of my life. Anyone who has had surgery can tell you that being put to sleep with chemicals is absolutely painless. Deterrent? Do states with the death penalty have a lower murder per capita than those that do? From a fiscal standpoint, it is cheaper to keep the convicted in prison for life than it is to execute them, and a whole lot easier to correct an error. Will we continue to have state sanctioned revenge? Probably. Dono
Here's my 2 cents on capital punishment and the main reason I oppose it.  I the event of a wrong conviction and execution nothing can ever be done to withdraw the sentence and offer compensation to the wrongly accused.  That about sums it up for me. Justice is a human process and subject to human error. We don't have 100% certainty in 100% of the cases so there forever remains a risk that an innocent person will be killed for anothers crime.   P.s Anastasia, thanks for sharing a very personal view of this issue with us.
In the US at least, we have the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness as long as it doesn't infringe upon the rights of others. For example when someone takes away someone else's life they don't have the right to liberty because they might do it again. The only possible reason we would kill them is that we think they may escape. People who will commit a crime with life in prison would probably still commit the crime with capital punishment. Both are really bad. But they are still human. They have the right to life. And not only that they are recieving a greater punishment by having to live each day in a cell and deal with the fact that you killed whoever. They are still human, they probably still can feel guilt and over time will hopefully regret what they did. This still doesn't mean they should be let out, but they should have to sit their whole life in prison thinking about the horrible thing they did. That is the only justice we can give people.    By the way Anastasia, thanks for the personal story. I can tell you have very strong feelings on this subject. I'm very sorry. As I said though, death doesn't bring back the dead. I understand how it must feel for someone to be able to live after doing such a horrible thing but I think that he will be serving the greater punishment rotting in jail his whole life with the same thing every single day.
Why? Why have people punished for trying to commit suicide? they need help not someone to kill them for them!   Obviously they want to die. Why not do it for them?
Obviously they want to die. Why not do it for them?  I don't believe that all people that attempt sucide really want to die. If someone really wants to kill themself, there are many ways that will work first time, every time. Dono
I think the penalty for people that attempt suicide should be capitol punishment .   Ya, glue their eyes open and make them watch cspan coverage for days on end.
Well, it does cost more money to kill someone then to keep them locked up for life. Roughly $1 million to $2 million depending on the state the case is tried in.  Not to mention that at least 23 innocent people have been executed, which a large number of estimated as well.   And that a huge number of defense lawyers were disbared within a very short period of time after losing a death penalty case.   Not to mention that with 3,000 years of use, we don't have a single piece of evidence proving it actually deters crime.   So....you make the call.
Obviously they want to die. Why not do it for them?  Apparently I'm not very good at showing sarcasm. This was supposed to be sarcasm.
so it is better to keep them locked up like animals, and hope that they do not escape and do more harm?  Simplistic. The money spent on death penalty cases rarely stays in the county it is tried in. Most of the fees go out of the state, and not to funding for police, social services, and other crime preventing measures. Often the people who stop would be violent criminals from going on that path are social workers. Morbid Irony comes about when they are one of the first to see their programs cut. So in reality, pushing the death penalty only ensures that more innocent people will be murdered.   Is it better to keep them locked up in a cage and prevent more crimes through proper use of funds that would have been wasted?  Personnally, death is a weak punishment, in fact it's not even a punishment, it is a release from earthly suffering. That's NOT what I want a criminal to get.
so it is better to keep them locked up like animals, and hope that they do not escape and do more harm?  Yes. Dono
The lacksidasical (sp?) politicaly correct death penalty we impose here in America may not deter crime as well as we think it should. However the middle eastern and Asian countries that punish criminals without regard to political correctness have a much lower crime rate.  So I argue that 3000 years of use does provide evidence that capital punishment works.  There are many countries with lower murder rates than the U.S. and no death penalty. Americans murder more and the punishment has nothing to do with it.  Why do you suppose Americans are so murderous?
I do not have the knowledge to answer this question. I suspect that the divisiveness between the haves and havenots plays its part.   There are many reasons Americans murder. Why they do it more than other citizens I cannot explain.  Have you the answer?  Wish I did. IMO it has something to do with our placing "individualism" as a high priority. We are a people that hold up the "loner" as a hero. I think we live with a high degree of alienation from one another. I think our history as a "lawless" frontier brought us here.
The lacksidasical (sp?) politicaly correct death penalty we impose here in America may not deter crime as well as we think it should. However the middle eastern and Asian countries that punish criminals without regard to political correctness have a much lower crime rate.  Are you so sure? I'd like to see statistics on that. You mean like saudi arabia that grabs people off the street, beats them until they make false confessions and then executes them? You mean that kind of criminal punishment?   So I argue that 3000 years of use does provide evidence that capital punishment works.  Right. In 3,000 of use there hasn't been a single piece of conclusive evidence proving that it deters crime.   What do you mean by "works?"
There are many reasons Americans murder. Why they do it more than other citizens I cannot explain.  Do they, really? Well, I suppose you have to have a fairly stable society with a fair amount of law and order before you start calling it murder, don't you? As opposed to guerilla warfare.   In order to argue that the death penalty should be used, you have to prove that there is a very good reason to limit the most fundamental of rights, the right to life. There are several reasons why this is difficult to do:   1. Justice system is not infallable - as has been mentioned, people make mistakes.   2. As has been mentioned, there is no evidence that capital punishment acts as a deterant (because murder is either committed in cold blood - in which case you're not expecting to be caught - or in a heightened emotional state - in which case you're not thinking at all)  Also interesting (and I can make the full arguments if you want) death row could be considered a form of cruel and unusual punishment/torture (which, believe it or not, is against numerous international conventions).
Indeed, the justice system is not perfect, but it is better and more acurate than ever before. We have technology that is constantly evolving and making acurate convictions easier to obtain.  ......... We agree! The system is not perfect. Why then, do we continue to kill some convected by that system? In my state, Texas, we execute more than any other state yet we have a high murder rate, obviously our deterrent is not working. On a fiscal basis, it costs Texans $2,316,655 for each execution, but only approximately $750,000 to keep a prisoner in prison for life ..... do the math.  The death penalty is the ultamit deterrant. How can a person commit murder again if he is dead? He can't steal a stick of gum much less commit murder. Your assertion that all murders are not thinking due to a hightened emotional state is inaccurate, but for arguement sake lets go with it. Hightened emotional states does not make murder justifyable. They still commited murder and should pay the consequences as such.  .......... A person cannot commit murder again if he is dead. But if a system you admit is not perfect kills an innocent man, he cannot be freed .... technically society has committed murder.   Death row cruel and unusual punishment? It is suppose to be. They are being punished. It is not meant to be a stroll in the park, or beer guzzling ball game party. The thugs and degerates on death row deserve less than they recieve now, IMHO.  I spoke to that in my earlier post this thread (#13). "stroll in the park", "beer guzzling ball game party" What death row in what prison are you referring to? Again, I believe capital punishment is nothing more than state sanctioned revenge that should be abolished. Dono .........
Yes we do kill more inmates than any other state and I quess in some sick and twisted way I am proud to be Texan because of it.  .......... Again we agree, that is sick and twisted.  You are intitled to your opinion as I mine. I was in Huntsville a week ago and did a once around the prison.   ......... and did you see any "beer guzzling ball parties" on death row?   I think your stance is weak.   ..........I don't know what the position of my feet have to do with this, but you have not answered or refuted anything I said.  I don't see a problem with revenge and believe murderers deserve to die the same way their victims went. If you think that makes us all murders then sobeit.   ............ I was speaking of an innocent ... something that has happened. Should we just say Ooops!   I will lose no sleep over the death of a convicted killer.  ........... And what about the ocassional innocent we will kill ..... sleep good with that?  In fact I revel in the idea that he went out on our terms and not his own. If this makes me evil or reprehensible in your view then sobeit as well. I will not view a killer as a victim.  ............ I don't think you are "evil or reprehensible", I think you are wrong.  Dono .......
do you lose sleep over the notion that we have likely executed innocent people?
I think your stance is weak. I don't see a problem with revenge and believe murderers deserve to die the same way their victims went. If you think that makes us all murders then sobeit.  Ok, if that's your stance, why bother with a legal system? If revenge is comparable to justice, doesn't it make more sense (at least in economic terms) to allow communities to kill the people who've committed murder in any way they choose? And you've already said that it's not *that* much of an issue if innocent people get killed by mistake, so that wouldn't be a problem anyway. And clearly there is no actual reason to worry about human rights abuses because they're criminals anyway. What do you say? :)   Clarity: either a heightened emotional state or cold blood. And either way, they're not thinking about the consequences. But if that one doesn't wash for you, here's another argument against the deterent factor (and I must credit a bunch of wonderful schools debaters from a disadvantaged community in the third world for this):   A. Executions in the modern 'civilised' world take place behind closed doors in a sealed room with sterile instruments and all the advantages of medical science. The method of execution is generally lethal injection and although the media may report on some of these executions, they are not really for public viewing.   B. In some communities (especially in the third world) vigil-anti justice is very common. People who murder are hunted down by armed malitia and beaten to death in the streets or necklaced in the 'great' South African tradition. Everyone is there and their families and friends are forced to watch.   In B, people still commit murder. If a public execution by means of a brutal beating or burning to death with your family watching doesn't deter people, how on earth is a lethal injection in a closed room going to make any difference? Just a thought emoticon_rolleyes
Dono and ladyhawk, you both seem to be advocating an all or nothing approach.  ............ At last, a glimmer of light!   You suggest one innocent man was put to death so there for no one should be put to death.  .......... I'm not "suggesting" anything, I'm saying it as plainly as I can. Can you tell me what is an acceptable ratio of innocent to guilty?  Why excuse everyone? There certainly must be some people on death row that are guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.  ........... I am just one of many that believe that putting a prisoner to sleep with chemicals (at over $2 million a crack) is a lessor punishment than lifelong imprisonment (for around $750,000) so no one is being "excused".    Ladyhawk you are advocating the wild west. To sum up your statement you believe since we are killing people anyway we might as well be doing it the streets with little to no law and order. You must see the ludicricness (I think I just invented a word) of that option.  Dono, you don't really have any points to refute.  .......... It seems I have points to ignore.  This debate is more about opinion than fact.   ......... The facts are plainly there. By your own words you have admitted that the system is not perfect, that innocents are convicted and executed, that you take pride in the number of executions in our state, and revenge is appropriate. Just three weeks ago a prisoner was exonerated and released from the Texas death row. He is just one of 117 in the nation since 1973. How many innocents were killed? I don't know, but one is too many.  I do find it tragic that innocent people are put to death before the truth is revealed.  ......... But not tragic enough to stop killing them? Even those with mental blinders must admit that we do not execute the rich, those that can afford the attorneys and the experts. Texas is the undisputed champion of executions, yet we have one of the highest murder rates. Is it working?   As I mentioned before criminal technology is moving us away from the days of finger pointing and convicting.   ........ What a crock that is. Great strides have been made in forensic science, but the majority of cases are still determined by circumstantial evidence. A judge on Texas highest court recently stated that a moratorium should be placed on all capital cases from the Houston Crime Lab because of flaws in some ballistics and mislabeling of evidence. The same judge said, "It is hard to reverse a verdict after the sentence has been carried out".  I'm not sure what the answer is.   ........ Again, a glimmer of progress  Oops seems a little passive. Allowing all the truly guilty off death row in exchange for life in prison seems passive also.  ......... I think Ooops! is no more "passive" than just ignoring, and I doubt if anyone facing prison for life would use that term.   Dono .......
You then stated an opinion that the dollars and cents make life a better call. I disagree.  I never said that. You completely missed the premise of the argument concerning the redistrubtion of funds in cases and how it deals with outreach programs to stop violence.   How many of the 117 people released got off an a technicality? Which means guilty murders are walkingthe street.  Many many people had their defense lawyer disbarred with 6 months of their case? How many of them were executed before forensic science could clear them? How many of them were subjected to racial prejudice that lead to their deaths?   Texas also has one of the highest populations in the country. More people=more murder.  Comparable countries without the death penalty have fewer murders then Texas.
Are you Dou Max or Dono? Because you are responding to my replies to the questions Dono asked me.  well some people say I have split personalities and hacking a forum's software isn't hard to get two users....  so maybe I am, or maybe i'm not.  :xcensored
Ladyhawk you are advocating the wild west. To sum up your statement you believe since we are killing people anyway we might as well be doing it the streets with little to no law and order. You must see the ludicricness (I think I just invented a word) of that option.   Ok, so sarcasm is a bad idea here? *note to self*   Haulingboat, I was merely trying (apparently not particularly eloquently) to illustrate that if you "don't have a problem with revenge" and believe that murders "deserve to die the same way their victims went" (lets assume your perspective is correct and adopted across the board) then it doesn't seem to make sense to bother with a criminal justice system? Surely given those premises, community justice (street law) is a better way of controlling crime? It's a logical corollary of your statement.   You suggest one innocent man was put to death so there for no one should be put to death. Why excuse everyone?    If you're arguing for a general principle (eg that Capital punishment is acceptible and effective) then you have to argue in the general case:   Perhaps you can prove beyond reasonable doubt that one person is guilty and you're right. Good. Then that person can be executed. But if Capital punishment is used, it has to be used in all situations according to the precedent set, i.e. if the next person did not kill anyone and is wrongly convicted, he too must be executed.   Therefore, assuming (as you've conceded) that the criminal justice system is not infallible, allowing Capital punishment at all will result in some innocent people being killed.   I'm arguing that that is wholly unacceptible and the right to life of an innocent person outweights the supposed benefits of Capital punishment, so Capital punishment should never be allowed.   Questions anyone? emoticon_cool emoticon_cool
 Wrongly convicted death penalty victims would be collateral damage...a small price to pay for more bed space in the prisons.  I will never be able to understand thinking like this. :(   Here's hoping that you never fall into the collateral damage category Jim, I wouldn't wish that on anyone, even you.  Waxy
He does that just to agree with himself on the forum...makes it look like he actually has a friend.  ....comming from one who has failed to refute a single argument I have made.    I'm heartily in favor of the death penalty. It is not more expensive than locking someone up for life if you go ahead and do it.  It far more expensive then killing them. On average, $1-2 MILLION more, costing the US over several BILLION dollars in just case costs. It's amazing how much this penalty costs and how much we actually pay for it in innocent lives due to redistribution of funds. I can easily crush you on this topic.   The bleeding heart lawyers make money with every appeal. That's why there are so many.  Comming from the person who loathes the idea of 'due process' and would like to see a Saudi version where we grab people off the streets, beat them until they falsely confess then execute them, all while making no effort to actually find and punish the person responsible.    Wrongly convicted death penalty victims would be collateral damage...a small price to pay for more bed space in the prisons.  How about the innocent people murdered by people who would have been prevented through proper use of funds in social and police networks?   Are they COLLATERAL as well?
You have been refuted. You just can't bring yourself to admit it.  It is far more expensive to keep someone in prison than it is to kill them. When YOU calculate the cost of execution you add in the repeated appeals. There should be only ONE appeal. If it fails, an execution should happen shortly thereafter.  But that is not how it does happen. Our system is set up differently. So it DOES cost more in the current system to execute. Until (and if) the system changes YOU have been refuted.  I just don't get the being all gung-ho on it anyway. There is room for error. And sorry, your collateral damage idea has got to be the biggest load BS I have EVER heard of. As a citizen it's not OK to kill an innocent person, up and to the point of you supporting the death penalty, but it is OK for the government to kill an innocent citizen????? DUDE! They work for us. I personally don't want them to have that kind of power.  Plus dead men can't make license plates.  If you REALLY want to free up prison space and save money - lose the non-violent offenders. Why do I need to pay for Jimmie's meals because he got caught smoking dope or shop-lifting? Find a more productive way to punish them that is helpful to society and get them out of the prison environments that will likely teach them how to be better criminals.   You say that as if drowning the police in money would prevent murders. The police react to crimes, they generally don't prevent them except in police states where they know everyone's every move.  This bit is actually why I wanted to respond. I live in one Mpls' rougher neighborhoods. When I moved there, it was noisy, but safe enough. About a year ago budget cuts to police went into effect. Since then I have had two shootings outside my house, see more dealing all over the place, and witnessed a drunk drive a stolen car through my sister's yard - who will not be getting arrested because Mpls police don't have the budget to investigate hit and runs that don't involve an injury. And they know who did it.  Hate to break it to you. More cops won't end crime but they sure as heck bring it down.  That's why you need to carry your own gun.  NO!  I am avid supporter of the Constitution and strongly support your right to carry a weapon as long as you prove responsible with it. But they don't make me feel safe and I don't want them near me. Plus it would just give the ganstas something to want to steal from me.
You have been refuted. You just can't bring yourself to admit it.  Keep smoking whatever you're smoking. It is obviously very strong.    It is far more expensive to keep someone in prison than it is to kill them. When YOU calculate the cost of execution you add in the repeated appeals.  You cannot seperate parts of the process you do not like to suit your argument. That would be cherry picking, and a unethical debate tactic, but that suits you fine doesn't it? Lies and deception, Jim's #1 style of "debating."   There should be only ONE appeal. If it fails, an execution should happen shortly thereafter.  That's not due process. Besides, if you knew anything about this process, which is quite clear you know absolutely nothing, you would realize that 1 appeal is not enough. We know that many executees's lawyers were disbarred for ethical law practices. Should we execute someone because their lawyer was toking up before the case? Should we execute someone because they were tried in a predomiantely white trial when a black man was accused of killing a white woman? After all, we KNOW, well I do, unlike you, that in the Furman vs. Georgia case, that blacks and whites were treated differently for the same crime. A white was sent to prison while the black guy was executed.   So you're willing execute someone even though they possibly could have been tried in a racially prejudice district, and due to bad lawyers?   That ain't due process. Think about it, would you accept execution if you were innocent and your lawyer was a idiot?    I believe in due process. It used to be a fair trial followed by a decent hanging.  Like Sacco, Nicola, and Bartolomeo Vanzetti? After all, people called that a fair trial and later found them out to be INNOCENT.    If we have a death penalty statute on the books, a person is convicted under that statute, his ONE appeal fails...he should die. That's due process.  Obviously you know nothing about the law. Read the above paragraph highlighting the problems with that.    If we're not going to carry out the sentence, why have it on the books?  We have alot of sentences on the books. Do you know you can be fined for carrying ice cream in your pocket in certain districts in Kansas?    Either kill the bastards or don't say you plan to.  Comming from the person who has praised and called for the Saudi version of the death penalty. You have said their process is better. You have posts saying we should adopt their process. You have PRAISED the execution of people made to give FALSE confessions.    You say that as if drowning the police in money would prevent murders. The police react to crimes, they generally don't prevent them except in police states where they know everyone's every move.  Except that more police on duty would decrease the amount of crimes that occur on the street, and many that lead to murder.    Money saved by doing away with repeated appeals could go toward social services.  See the above problem with 1 appeal.    Then you'd still have the liberal judges letting criminals out. Sometimes it seems that judges and the police actually think a restraining order is sufficient to keep an irate man from killing his ex-wife.  .....who said anything about lettting them out? What do you not understand aobut life in prison without parole?    Unless half the population is police, you can't have someone watching over you all the time. That's why you need to carry your own gun.  ...irrevelant.
I find it strange that Conservatives support capital punishment in the name of "less populated prisons" while they fill prisons with committers of victimless crimes like drinking underage or smoking pot. If you want to lower prison numbers, get rid of those pointless laws. A lack of capital punishment isn't the problem - a lack of legal sense is.
I find it strange that Conservatives support capital punishment in the name of "less populated prisons" while they fill prisons with committers of victimless crimes like drinking underage or smoking pot. If you want to lower prison numbers, get rid of those pointless laws. A lack of capital punishment isn't the problem - a lack of legal sense is.  because republicans are hypocrites.   I;m more conservative then jim, and I agree with you. Get non-violent drugies out of the prisons. And get rid of the penalty except for a tiny minority.   I still want to know, that if the penalty is so good in reducing crime, why do countries with the same size and population as Texas, who have no penalty, have such drastically lower violent crime rates?
I'm not arguing that in our present system execution costs more. I've seen the figures on the costs of a capital punishment trial, the endless appeals and other handouts to the lawyers bent on keeping a death row inmate alive for years and years. I'm saying this is a stupid way to run a railroad.  If someone is convicted of a capital crime and sentenced to death, that person should have ONE and only ONE appeal to reverse the sentence or the conviction. Then that person should die.  If we're not going to do it that way, let's change the law and outlaw capital punishment. It's nothing but a smorgasborg for lawyers.   I knew the collateral damage bit would raise eyebrows. I'm not really in favor of killing innocent people either. I'm in favor of changing the law...to one of two options: either limit the appeals to ONE or don't condemn anybody to death.   Total agreement here. I'd even go so far as making pot legal. Small time crooks should do community service (and a lot of it).    I realize this, also. Even the presense of empty police cars on a stretch of highway will slow down traffic.  More police presense decreases certain types of crime but I doubt it would have much effect on premeditated murder. That's basically all I said.   That's a topic that will forever be argued. There is at least one town where gun ownership is required. The crime rate is lower than the national average. I don't know that it would work in all towns, but it does here.  Seems we little argument,Jim. However, if I were ever required to own a gun, I would keep it locked in a vault in a basement and never touch it. Me no like guns. Except some historical ones - muskets and old six shooters - but that is for aesthetic reasons. Many of them were quite beautiful. Modern guns are just big black and ooggooly.
A presumption on your part.  Comming from one who makes many himself.    Yes I can, and should. There are many instances where I agree with part of an argument.  The process of the law cannot be removed from the execution of the law. Cherry picking information does not make a argument valid, but it does make it qualify as a fallacy.    Your opinion.  You just did it.    I'm not familiar with the details. I don't deny that racial prejudice exists.  Hence why you should familarize yourself with the consequences of your asserations. One appeal is asking for significent amounts of innocents to be executed, even though you purposefully ignored that part in my post.The death penalty HAS murdered innocent people, many without using appeals or access to them.    Apparently, your confusing sentences with statutes.  Except that we have a sentence, which is the fine, and we don't use it, but it's on the books. Which is revelant.    I praised one incident, not the total Saudi system.  You praised multiple instances, all of which are questionable. Not to mention how they go about trying (if at all) and executing the people. Their entire system is deeply flawed.    See above response to jitobear.  There is a way to stop people from going on that path in the first place.    I've never been there so I'm sure there's quite a lot I don't understand about it.  Maybe you should change how much you don't understand.    You will possibly notice in the future that I will ignore your ludicrous rantings and personal attacks.  I don't think I've mentioned race in this tread until now. Is that one of your standard ploys, to bring up aledged prejudice?  Alleged? How about for sure? I, unlike you, have actually read Furman Vs. Georgia, and understand the flaws this system. I base my arguments on facts, not mindless, factless opinions as you do. Race is just one of the problems, including lawyer practices, costs, trials, and a whole host of complex issues that escape the mind sof those who practice simplisticity on hard issues.
[QUOTE=jim's trucking]I knew the collateral damage bit would raise eyebrows. I'm not really in favor of killing innocent people either. I'm in favor of changing the law...to one of two options: either limit the appeals to ONE or don't condemn anybody to death.[QUOTE]  Fantastic. Moving forward. Jim you're arguing that there are only two options: one appeal or no death penalty.   Then all your opposition has to do to is to prove that one appeal is not good enough and you'll accept the death penalty. Well, you've said above that you aren't in favour of killing innocent people. As Duo has pointed out, several (in the US many) people have been executed and later found guilty despite having many appeals. In countries where only one appeal exists, the likelihood of false convictions is dramatically increased. Therefore only one appeal will result in more innocent people being killed.   Therefore the death penalty is a bad option (by your own admission).
capitol punishment works,no convicted fellon ever exsecuted by the state of texas has ever gone on yo kill again. Texas (my state) is the execution capitol of the world. If capital punishment works (deterrent), why do we have such a high murder rate per capita? It is a fact that innocent men have been executed. Therefore the question is ... is it right for the state to kill an innocent man - ever? Any moral judgment aside, does it make sense to spend over $2 million each to execute versus $750,000 to imprison for life? Dono
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- Is it fair to turn a convicted murderer loos into the general population of a prisom only to kill again???  If there ever was a deterrent to crime I'd hope being in genpop would be it.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- Is it fair to turn a convicted murderer loos into the general population of a prisom only to kill again??? Our prisons currently have many convicted murderers in the general populations and there are no indications that eliminating capital punishment would start a bloodbath. Does your compassion and concern for the general population reach to the occasional innocent on death row? Dono
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- Is it fair to turn a convicted murderer loos into the general population of a prisom only to kill again???  We're talking about life in prison, not turning murderers loose. And if we want to reduce prison populations, we should end the subjectivist moralizing crusade against liberty... erm, the war on drugs.   P.S. Why do you put long lines of hyphens in your posts?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- You might feel different about it iff you were to be the occasional innocent death. Being dead, I doubt I would feel anything.  Dono
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- Try it you never know. Instead of answering my on-topic questions, you have resorted to a snide reply that says nothing .... a typical answer from one who has no answer. I have no intention of engaging in a battle of wits with you since it appears you are unarmed. Dono
Are you on ugly pills or are you simply the forums charm school drop out??? By your inane response you have proven my point. It becomes apparent the the 5 in your name refers to your IQ (although you may be fudging a point or two). Dono
 Eliminating the death penalty will likely NOT reduce the number of false convictions. Sentencing someone to life in prison without possibility of parole is cruel and inhuman treatment whether they are guilty or innocent. Killing them would be kinder.   Eliminating the death penality will, however, eliminate the ammount of unnecessary damage caused by false convictions that cannot be remedied. It will also decrease fiscal concerns. Putting them in Prison without the possibility of parole, if they are in normal physical condition is safe for the community, cheaper for the community, and provides all the deterrant one would need. They get to eat, they have entertainment still, and they do get exercize. That's hardly cruel. Killing someone who's completely healthy and preventing any type of preference satisfaction is far more cruel. Some people like to use the argument used by Van Den Haag, but I don't agree with his conclusion that "all human endeavors to produce good" have collateral damage.   That's nonsense. The death penality is unnecessary and involuntary, while many other human endeavors which run such risks of death are either voluntary/necessary, or just voluntary. There can be other combinations, but he doesn't mention it. He assumes they are all equal to CP, but they simply aren't. You cannot compare the human dangers of driving as compared to the death penality. Transportation is necessary, and there are many avenues one can use to accomplish this. There is  no  social need for the Death Penality, so it ought not be used, since it only leads to more pain and suffereing. Amorphous justice is "nonsense on stilts"  It's also cruel to kill someone, because it cannot be fixed. It cannot be remedied, and there is  not  that great of a system.   DNA testing isn't even all that reliable. According to studies by many ethicists, including the article by Helen Prejean, only 1 in 4 can usually be tested, and backlogs are common. In many cases, DNA evidence isn't even appropriate.   Many individuals do not have an efficient, good enough socio-economic status, which prevents them from having a competent defense, which in turn makes them more likely to get convicted. The system would need to improve before the death penality were ever allowed, but it shouldn't be allowed in the first place based on other ethical principles anyway. This is not to say that people's economic status and the likelyhood of poorer getting the DP matters directly. IT doesn't. What matters is that the justice won't be spread to those who actually deserve it because of this factor; this is not to say that the DP is wrong because justice is dispensed unevenly.  I do not agree with the principle of Lex Talionis. I think it's fairly absurd. One does not need retributive justice in the form of such a principle. It's barbaric and antideluvian, and it's already severely restricted. There is no legitimate barrier to determine what's too much. Why have such a flimsy principle? We should focus more on concepts such as social-protection, cost-analysis, and aggregate happiness, instead of something so amorphous.  Having doctors present violates medical ethics, yet if they don't have them, the chances of a botched operation is increased, thus encouraging more unhealthy, unpleasurable consequences.   I accept the death penalty already. I think it works quite well.   Being a permanent, unnecessary solution to a problem that could be fixed in a less-damaging, less expensive way is something that's working quite well... how?   I'm not in favor of killing innocent people under any circumstance. However, there are efforts in the betterment of mankind that require actions that may produce side effects such as collatoral damage in the form of deaths of innocent people. It is for the good of the multitudes that the innocent few shall DIE!!!   In other words, if I were Captain of a giant dirigible struggling to stay airborn above the storm tossed North Atlantic Ocean, I'd toss innocent fat men overboard to save the women and children.   This is a false analogy. YOu cannot compare throwing fat chicks overboard on a sinking ship or a crashing plane/derrigible to Capital Punishment, unless they are alike in more ways than they aren't. The former is necessary, whilst the latter death penality isn't. You cannot compare a necessity with a frivolty. Using a type of ethical necessity and parsimony, we should choose the option with the least ammount of pain that has the fewest unnecessary elements. Death penality is unncessary, whereas chucking the fat people off a blimp in order not to crash and save everyone is not unnecessary.  There are myriad other methods that do not incurr as much pain, are fixable, and serve public interest  just as much     The statistical aurgument has no bearing on my conviction that the death penalty works. Whether a criminal gets one appeal or two hundred appeals has little to do with guilt or innocence. The same number of innocent people will be convicted regardless of the penalty or the number of appeals to be offered.  THere is no evidence to show it works, while there is evidence to show it does no more than life in prison, yet one can be remedied and one less painfully fufilles the principles of social utility/welfare. The other does not; it's quite unnecessary.  The statistics describing innocents DO matter, because CP is unnecessary as punishment, its too expensive (and you cannot get rid of appeals, due to too many potential problems, and the punishment cannot be fixed) You can be exhonerated, as many  have , causing execution moratoriums in many states.  Your solution is: screw em, oh well! I will keep in place a totally superflous policy of lex talionis because collateral damage happens.
I just don't believe in any form of Capital Punishment. It's such a silly, anacronystic concept.
it's so outdated and old. It belongs in the 18th and 19th centuries. It's just no longer Utilitarian.
What if the jury is wrong?
I'm sure he's guilty, but I am against the death penalty. But on another note, I wonder whether he wouldn't rather be sentenced to death than put with the general prison population. To put it lightly, he's not going to have a very good time if he is put with them.
I don't care much either way, as long as he never walks around loose again. But life in prison is going to cost the taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars. That money could be better spent in the war on terror.   First of all, death penalty cases usually cost more than keeping a prisoner alive for his life. http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=108&scid=7 In its review of death penalty expenses, the State of Kansas concluded that capital cases are 70% more expensive than comparable non-death penalty cases. The study counted death penalty case costs through to execution and found that the median death penalty case costs $1.26 million. Non-death penalty cases were counted through to the end of incarceration and were found to have a median cost of $740,000.    Then, how much money should spend on the war on terror? Should we bankrupt the country to do it? Is it necessary to spend so much that we go bankrupt, or is it better to wisely spend the money we have and to fight an intellegent war against terror?
If this case had not gotten the publicity that it did, would that had made a difference?  Was Peterson on trial or the murder of an unborn child - pro/con - on trial?  My feelings aside, let him do his time.
I say let him rot in prison. Why should he get off so easy as to have what he did die with him in the short 10-15 years it would take to submit to the death penalty. Let him live on and just hope that his cell-mates know what he did and punish him even further.
The publicity does not matter. In this case I'm afraid it does. (1) To see if the OJ scene would once again playout. (2) To see a ruling made on behalf of an unborn child.  All the rest is one dumb killer, IMO.
Let him live on and just hope that his cell-mates know what he did and punish him even further. I don't think there's a doubt about that, Carlene. (I feel that to go further would put me down there with Gloria Allred.... emoticon_rolleyes )
I say KILL THE BASTARD!  I agree on how you feel what he did was HORRIBLE and terribly wrong, but think about it, which would suck more for you if you were him dying and getting it over with, or living the rest of your life thinking about what you did? which is more punishing?
This may be true for a case that hasn't already been decided. It's a good argument for doing away with the death penalty and their expensive trials. However, his trial is over. Not if they give him the death penalty, then it's apeals till your ears bleed.  Now that we've been through the expensive trial, we've yet to go through the expensive appeals after the sentencing. After we get through that, if he still retains the death penalty, it's a lot cheaper to kill him than to keep him up 'til he dies in prison. The latest estimate I've heard for keeping a prisoner alive is between 50 and 75 thousand dollars a year. Yeah, the appeals are magically more complicated and expensive for the death penalty. There are appeals of the sentnce (IIRC) and of the ruling.  He's taking up space in a perfectly good cell. He's using up perfectly good oxygen, food, clothing, heating and cooling energy, medical attention, etc. O they don't make space anymore. They'll just put him in a cell with pot growers and crack addicts. He'll be lucky if he gets a spot on the floor to sleep on.  He should be killed straight away. Henry VIII would have no problem with lopping off his head! Neither would I. I kind of like the idea if a public flogging!
It doesn't have to be that way because it's the death penalty. It's that way because of our ever deteriorating legal system. Yes, we should have a speedier route to the needle. If we miss a few, send a few innocent people to their deaths, no harm no foul.   If we bankrupt the country, the war on terror won't be the reason. You're right it'll be fighting the war in Iraq. )Nah, really it'll be from social security, etc etc.  Wasteful domestic spending is the only reason we have trouble funding the war on terror. We need to get intellegent with domestic spending. We could start with the $7 billion EPA.  Let me clear this up for you.  Wasteful DEFENSE spending is the only reason we have trouble funding the "war on terror." Which by the way has nothing to do with the $200b+ we have spent so far in Iraq (which is by no means the war on terror).   The entire budget of the EPA is only $7b? I would have thought it was more than that. (That would be 15% of the increase in the defense budget from 2002 to 2003 according to this page: http://www.csbaonline.org/4Publications/Archive/U.20020204.2003_Defense_Budge/U.20020204.2003_Defense_Budge.htm Titled:  2003 Defense Budget Request: Large Increase in Funding, Few Changes to Plans  Today, the Bush Administration requested that $396.1 billion be provided for national defense in fiscal year (FY) 2003, including about $379.3 billion for the Department of Defense (DoD) and $16.8 billion for Department of Energy and other defense-related programs. The request is about $45.3 billion higher than the level provided for FY 2002. This would make it the largest single-year increase since the early years of the Reagan administration.  During the 2000 presidential campaign, then-candidate Bush argued that the US military must be transformed to effectively counter the very different kinds of challenges projected to emerge over the next several decades. He also suggested that transforming the US military would require not only investing in new kinds of capabilities, but also reducing investments in some other more traditional types of forces and weapons programs. Notwithstanding these statements, with few exceptions, the administration's new defense plan appears very similar to the defense plan this administration inherited. For example, it would maintain the same number of Army divisions, Air Force fighter wings and Navy aircraft carriers, as called for in the last Clinton plan. And, like the previous plan, the new defense plan, with few exceptions, is focused on the acquisition of traditional kinds of weapons programs, such as tactical fighters, aircraft carriers and heavy artillery systems.  The administration's defense plan includes a number of initiatives to add to or expand existing transformation-related efforts. Some of these initiatives, such as the conversion of four Trident ballistic missile submarines to carry conventional Tomahawk cruise missiles, represent significant changes. But the funding levels provided for these efforts is relatively small compared to the levels provided for some other programs which appear ill-suited to the emerging threat environment.  Perhaps most questionable, is the administration's decision to continue to move ahead with three new tactical fighter programs, whose total costs could exceed $300 billion over then next several decades. This focus on relatively short-range tactical fighters seems at odds with recent experience in Afghanistan and elsewhere which suggests that, in the future, the US military may often have to operate in wartime without access to forward bases. Likewise, the Crusader artillery system seems inconsistent with the goal of having an Army that is light enough to rapidly deploy to regions where the United States does not have easy access to ports and other facilities.   I do believe that the crusader (a huge cumbersome howitzer) that was deemed not mobile enough for the new transformed military. http://www.army-technology.com/projects/crusader/ Anyway, this is apples and oranges. We are talking about the war on terror which is and should be primarily fought through intellegence gathering and law enforcement agencies.  So these increases in defense spending are likely not going to the right places, all the while Porter Goss is revamping the CIA to be a tool for the white house. http://www.startribune.com/stories/587/5090052.html http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/archives/8086  Well, so anyway, if the EPA were totally streamlined and cut their budget in HALF. That would be a pittly $3.5b to throw onto the defense pile. If we totally got rid of the EPA and we went back to acid rain and smog everywhere that would be $7 billion dollars to buy a few B2 bombers) http://www.aerospaceweb.org/question/planes/q0087.shtml (dems 1998 dollars)
He should be killed straight away. Henry VIII would have no problem with lopping off his head! Neither would I. You know, you and Saddam may have more in common than you might have thought.  But really, I think they may be on to something with Sharia Law. If you steal, they cut off your hand. Pretty good deterent. If you do drugs they execute you. If you commit adultery they stone you to death. But Saddam thought that Sharia law was too harsh to be used in general practice.
Beyond my objections to the death penalty based on the execution of the innocent, I think death is an all too pleasant reprieve.  Spending the rest of your life in prison, one of the most brutal social environments on earth, with only the basic necessities for life, and knowing you'll never again be free, is a far greater punishment in my opinion.  Waxy
Basic necessities, like cable TV, vending machines, movies, exercise equipment, educational abilities, libraries, computer access, free medical care, perhaps a job to occupy time. Hell, it's just like living at my house, except the sex hurts a little more, and I don't have cable yet. Yeah, he's really going to suffer. emoticon_rolleyes  I don't know what prisons you've been to lately, but if life in prison is that grand, and it isn't that I'm aware of, but if it is, it shouldn't be, then like jyoshu said, why not get yourself locked up and start living the high life?  Waxy
I don't understand.   Why do we want to give him release from all suffering instead of making him suffer for the rest of his life?   Really...and it would cost more to kill him. Release from suffering at additional costs? Heck no! Make the SOB suffer for the rest of his life in prison.
Thisis why we provide those things. You have to give the guys enough to keep them occupied, or your guards are as good as dead. You can't use 150 (total) guards to control 3000 inmates unless the inmates are willing to be controlled. Figure 50 guards on shift at a time, what do you really think their odds of survival would be in a full scale revolt and break out attempt at a prison.    In 1992 I was on a hunting trip in Wyoming and one of the party was a manager from a California maximum security prison. A man about middle 40s in age, he had started his career as a line guard and stayed with it. Typical prison career (his words) in that he took a degree and then post-grad degree while employed and used that to climb the civil service ladder.  His comments were eye opening to say the least. This was around a campfire in the middle of nowhere and I can't recall one member of the party that could remotely be referred to as liberal in a social sense, especially after drawing blood with firearms and consuming not a few libations.   Prison guards in a maximum security setting provide window dressing and control mostly automated systems that separate the guards from the general prison population. He said we've basically put a fence around a bunch of psychopaths and they do pretty much as they want with little interference from society. Drugs and sex are rampant, drugs smuggled in by guards for small monetary gain and avoidance of threats of bodily harm to their families by outside associates of inmates, with sex according to inmate status, also related to violence. TV, exercise equipment and other 'niceties' are, as mentioned by other posters, replacements for guards in that they reduce thinking and provide a semblance of structure.   Like Daewoo, if I was facing 10-years in one of those places without a professional criminal background, I'd do whatever I could to avoid it. The US has the highest per-capita prison population of all developed countries. Our judicial system long ago reached a point of saturation where a majority of criminal cases are resolved by plea bargaining under federal sentencing guidelines to avoid further clogging of the courts. And we've finally reached a point where it's less expensive to imprison a murderer for life than to execute them, regardless of the nature of the crime, quite a comment on our system of government that we're using armed aggression to instill in other countries.
the death penalty works.  No convicted fellon excecuted by the state of Texas has evr gone on to kill again.  Capital Punishment and Deterrence: Examining the Effect of Executions on Murder in Texas. Authors John Sorenson, Robert Wrinkle, Victoria Brewer, and James Marquart examined executions in Texas between 1984 and 1997. They speculated that if a deterrent effect were to exist, it would be found in Texas because of the high number of death sentences and executions within the state. Using patterns in executions across the study period and the relatively steady rate of murders in Texas, the authors found no evidence of a deterrent effect. The study concluded that the number of executions was unrelated to murder rates in general, and that the number of executions was unrelated to felony rates. (45 Crime and Delinquency 481-93 (1999)).   Deterrence, Brutalization, and the Death Penalty: Another Examination of OklahomaÕs Return to Capital Punishment. In this study, author William Bailey speculated that if executions had a deterrent effect in Oklahoma, it would be observable by comparing murder rates and rates of sub-types of murder, such as felony-murder, stranger robbery-related killings, stranger non-felony murder, and argument-related killings, before and after the resumption of executions. Bailey examined the period between 1989 and 1991 for total killings and sub-types of killing. After controlling for a number of variables, Bailey found that there was no evidence for a deterrent effect. He did, however, find that there was a significant increase in stranger killings and non-felony stranger killings after Oklahoma resumed executions after a 25-year moratorium. (36 Criminology 711-33 (1998)).
the death penalty works.  No convicted fellon excecuted by the state of Texas has evr gone on to kill again.  How is that a affect of deterrence? Deterrence works by preventing people through the fear of consequences. A dead man has no fears.   Furman Vs. Georgia, where the supreme court specifically noted that there is not a single piece of conclusive evidence that the penalty is a effective deterrent.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- I do not believe that the supreme court adressed the the problem of convicted fellons having the death penelty reduced to life in prison and going on to kill in prison.  How is that related to deterrence?   Once again, deterrence is preventing through the fear of consequences.  What you are talking about is not related to the subject of deterrence.
 I say tie him to a pole, axe off his dink and let him die Reply With Quote  how civilized of you. This is why there are laws, and not vigilantee emotivism.
This is to all you bleeding heart liberals who think poor old Scott should be spared the death penalty........  Would you feel that way if Staci was your daughter or sister?  I think that you know that I ain't no damned liberal. Like everyone, I morn Laci Peterson's passing, but I am opposed to the death penalty for many reasons. The main one being that Jesus clearly spoke out personally against it. Wishing you well pardner.
This is to all you bleeding heart liberals who think poor old Scott should be spared the death penalty........  Would you feel that way if Staci was your daughter or sister?  I thought you said that only people who have no shadow of doubt should be executed!  Flip FLOPPING VOR!  So what is it? Should we execute people who don't have solid evidence? You seem to support that yet you have said they should get life in prison.   Stop flip flopping!
You just don't get it "Little Man" and I am tired of trying to explain it to you........  Well, maybe a big man like Shaq could figure out what you're talking about, maybe he can figure it out through your web of lies, contridictions and hypocriacy and your constant flip flopping.   you sound like John Kerry. :p
Is it just me or does it seem like we could be saving alot of money by cutback expences on the death penealty. why do criminals have to die so humainly we could just kill them and be done with it. in fact we could just inject them with a massive amount on air and destroy there heart. it dosent last long and its almost costless.  The actual killing isn't the expensive part. The making sure we don't ***k up is what costs the real money. It's pretty sad as it is, as there are a known 23 innocent people who have been executed, and likely far more. If you want to cut costs, you cut the process that ensures we don't execute the wrong person, but then again, I'm pretty sure everyone can figure out what that will do to the innocents to guilty execution ratios.
Now, a prisoner can routinely expect to spend twenty years on death row before the case is finalized.  For obvious reasons. Do you know the current rate of release? DNA is exonerateing about 1-2 death row inmates every month.   Since most of these convicts are broke by the time they are sentenced, the taxpayers foot the bill for the defense + the prosecution + the incarceration.  The taxpayers, actually counties percisely pay for all of the procesution and often for the defense lawyer. Convicts usually don't pay for their own defenses unless they are very rich. There's no real way to get around that: unless you want to kill more innocent people. It's called due process.  So VOR, you would send a innocent man do die?  You do know that DNA tech as well as other technologies take time to develop. Usually more then two years.   Would you condemn the 216 or so freed prisoners to death merely because their 2 years ran out before their DNA could be tested?   Not to mention that every DNA lab in the US is backlogged, often for months or years. You would condemn a man merely because the process to prove he might just be innocent is jammed up?   Sadistic.  What exactly makes you think you can win a death penalty argument when you have failed every single time in the past in at least 10 different threads?
I agree, the appeals process is way to long.......You want to cut the expense....Give 2 appeals and 2 years........If the case is not overturned then fry them............Th tawould cut the cost down a whole bunch........ Do you support abortion also? And should we " stone at the gates of the city" those who preform lewd acts befor god?
[QUOTE=Voice Of Reason] ......then fry them............[QUOTE] My father was a big, tough man, a twice wounded veteran of WWII, former Cop. When I asked him what the worst thing he ever witnessed was, he answered that it was an execution (electrocution). He said that he had seen a lot of bad things - bodies blown apart, maggots crawling out of a dead man's eyes, but the most barbaric thing he ever saw was a man being killed (fried) by the state. Dono
I agree, the appeals process is way to long.......You want to cut the expense....Give 2 appeals and 2 years........If the case is not overturned then fry them............Th tawould cut the cost down a whole bunch........   That would also create alot more mistakes and end up sending alot more innocent people to die.You have to get the story straight and make sure that the person being "executed" deserves it, and not some innocent man that was killed because people dont want to spend a few more dollers to put the right man there. So would it cut down costs. IT sure would as VOR pointed out. However there is more then 1 side.
No I am strongly against the murder of innocent, defenseless babies in the womb unless the mother's life is endangered.....  The difference is your criminal friends have murdered and raped and committed other barbaric crimes against other human beings..........That baby that you want to butcher in the womb committed no crime against anyone...... I'm not aware of any friends I have that are criminals. But my point remaines ... if you wouldn't kill an innocent baby why rush and perhaps kill a innocent adult?
 But my point remaines ... if you wouldn't kill an innocent baby why rush and perhaps kill a innocent adult?  Well said.
I should have qualified that...I am talking about cases where there is no doubt of guilt........Eye witnesses, etc........When there is any doubt of guilt the death penalty should not be applicable.........DNA will also sort out the problem too....... aAnd this is the problem with this whole issue. I'm shure that ,hopfully most if not all, of the poeple who sat on the jury of thos innocents killed thought they had arrived at the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth
I should have qualified that...I am talking about cases where there is no doubt of guilt........Eye witnesses, etc........When there is any doubt of guilt the death penalty should not be applicable.........DNA will also sort out the problem too....... I'm sure all those who sat on a jury that sent a person to be killed and later discovered they were innocent believed they had arrived at " The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth " ... this is the problem with this issue. Just where do we draw the line on the value of an innocent persons life?
I just have no pity for someone that rapes and murders someone.....That is just me though.......  Why can't we lock them up for life, then?  That would still be a just punishment, AND it gives us a chance to compensate the accused if he is later found innocent, AND it costs less.
Why can't we lock them up for life, then?  That would still be a just punishment, AND it gives us a chance to compensate the accused if he is later found innocent, AND it costs less. You may have something here. The origanal idea of this post was ... let's cut costs. It would acutally be cheaper in the long run. We wouldn't incur those legal fees , or the price of paying the bill for the person that has to do the killing. And all the while they are free to pursue thier not guilty appeal. ( of course they should have to pay for it. ) This wuold save us from having to place a price on an innocent personsons life.
I should have qualified that...I am talking about cases where there is no doubt of guilt  That would mean a large number of current death row inmates shouldn't be executed: Including Scott Peterson. His entire conviction was based upon circumantial evidence.   Eye witnesses  Alone cannot condemn a man for obvious reasons.   DNA will also sort out the problem too  Problem is that every DNA lab in the US is backlogged   What do you not understand about eye witnessess and blood evidence?  What do you not understand? Eye witness testimonies depend on the mood of the testifier, and they often change. Blood evidence required DNA. DNA testing requires the lab. Problem is the lab is backlogged with requests for such data.   Because there is always a chance down the road that some liberal judge will feel sorry for them and turn them loose to rape and murder again  Name one. Name one who was released from a life sentence with no chance of parole. Please say Horton. I'd love to show everyone how ignornat you are and how you basically lie about history to make your arguments.  you cannot win this argument, you have lost every  death penatly debate you engaged on WS, here and PWH
Because there is always a chance down the road that some liberal judge will feel sorry for them and turn them loose to rape and murder again........It has happened many times.......  You have to undertand the people I am talking about........People that have eye witnessess to the crime.............Where their DNA is found at the crime scene......Where there is a 100 percent surety that they committed the crime........ Again just where do we place the value of an innocent persons life. How valuable is life and who decides which life is to take . Sounds like a god complex to me. The debate was about costs.
Willie Horton. Now go ahead and show everyone how ignorant you are. Please. :p Is this really going to spiral to who is more dumber than who? I thought we were going to debate thie issue of reducing costs?
Not trying to pick a fight here, just curious: How do you feel about providing heroic (and extremely expensive) medical treatment - like heart and/or lung transplants, or bypass surgery - for those who are serving life without parole? Do we have an obligation to do it, or should we simply lock them up for their natural life span? When you say natural I wonder what that really means. I mean nature didn't acutally create these life saving procedures we have today, although it is natural for our species to develope them. Are biggest problem is we haven't found a way to provide them affordably. I my self am like millions of other americans who can not afforb health insurance, it may seem surprising but I own my own company. So given the light of how our society is based in regard to this issue, ... screw'em if they can't afford it ... I would have to say let them at least live with the same indignity I do. I think at least if they are innocent they would be happier as I am living without that safety net than being killed because we don't think they should have a right to fight for thier lives leagally.
Willie Horton. Now go ahead and show everyone how ignorant you are. Please. :p  First of all Diogenes99, while I don't think too highly of you, I know you are smarter then VOR by a long shot. Second of all, I know you know that Horton wasn't released by a judge, and third I know you are doing that to provoke me. It isn't going to work.
Diogenes99, c'mon. I expected more of you.   Horton was released by Dukakis, the supreme idiot of the Democratic party through his truly idiotic system of furlongs as a means of rehabilitation. He wasn't release through a parole board. He's still in jail.   http://www.forerunner.com/forerunner/X0158_Dukakis__Willie_Hort.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willie_Horton  I know you've already seen VOr's claim of Horton refuted on WS.  Besides, Horton obviously doesn't count. There's no judge present.
Well why aren't you? If you are willing to sacrifice justice for efficiency, why not take it to its logical conclusion? My point also Where does it begin and end????
I should have qualified that...I am talking about cases where there is no doubt of guilt........Eye witnesses, etc........When there is any doubt of guilt the death penalty should not be applicable.........DNA will also sort out the problem too....... Nonsense (I use that word a lot when responding to VOR). We have always operated under a "no doubt" system, yet we have convicted and executed innocents. Despite advances in forensics, most capital cases are decided on circumstantial evidence, and eye witnesses are often not reliable. The fact is that as long as we have a death penalty (the only Western nation to have it), we will execute innocents with the guilty. As a professed religious man, can you tell me what is an acceptable ratio of guilty to innocents?  Dono
Agreed that Horton was released by the Massachusetts corrections system, and Dukakis is responsible. Horton is in prison in Maryland, Massachusetts having demonstrated its incompetence in protecting society.  Well, hasn't the furlong system been removed?    In a way, I think maybe we are not so far apart here. I completely agree with your assessment of Dukakis, and the problem is not entirely with the courts.   It's with stupid politicans. Same can be said for the politican who support incarerating non-violent drug users. If we didn't jail every non-violent drug user, our prison system would have alot more space and the whole revolving door issue would basically disappear. Does anyone have the statistics on how much rehab costs as opposed to 4-6 years in low-medium security prison?   Crime control depends on a chain of police work (where scumbags are sometimes left on the street because they are also informers),  Well, it's better to lock some up then none of them right?   Diogenes, It is useless to try and debate with "Little Man".........I just ignore him........He really had no clue........   Huh. I wonder why Diogenes said this:   In a way, I think maybe we are not so far apart here. I completely agree with your assessment of Dukakis  Aren't you tired of being wrong all the time?   Notice how you still haven't talked about how your stance would send likely many innocent people to die.    You support DNA testing, yet you want short times of actual testing, nevermind the fact that the system to do that in extremely backlogged.
If you don't understand "Beyond a shadow of a doubt" or and eye withness or irefutable DNA evidence then I don't know what to tell you  If you believe that, then you should therefore think Scott Peterson shouldn't be executed as there was no solid evidence he commited the crime. No eye witness, no DNA evidence.   As for DNA evidence, it's hardly a silver bullet. DNA samples can be rendered containmated and useless very quickly.   PCR-based testing often requires less DNA than RFLP testing and the DNA may be partially degraded, more so than is the case with RFLP. However, PCR still has sample size and degradation limitations that sometimes may be under-appreciated. PCR-based tests are also extremely sensitive to contaminating DNA  at the crime scene and within the test laboratory. During PCR, contaminants may be amplified up to a billion times their original concentration. Contamination can influence PCR results, particularly in the absence of proper handling techniques and proper controls for contamination.   http://www.scientific.org/tutorials/articles/riley/riley.html   You seem like you are against the death penalty in all cases so let me ask you a question  If someone in your immediate family was raped or murdered would you feel the same way about the death penalty?  Actually Dono, the better question is: do you want a innocent person to pay for your vengence?   Seeing how the funds for such trials are paid via counties and taken almost all of the time from crime prevention agencies first, your vengence will cost another family their loved one, and so on and on and on. Do you want a innocent person to pay with their life for your vengence which doesn't erase the crime?
Because there is always a chance down the road that some liberal judge will feel sorry for them and turn them loose to rape and murder again........It has happened many times.......  I'm willing to take that chance if you are willing to take the chance that the executed man is innocent. At least it is reversible.  If a whackjob liberal judge does something that stupid, he deserves to be fired. Plus, we can always re-arrest the criminal. But if the state kills an innocent man, THAT is irreversible.
So VOR, do you think that Scott Peterson shouldn't be executed?   you say that only cases with no doubt should get the punishment, but do you really think that?
The crimes i am talking about the criminal is not innocent........  What if he is falsely convicted?
What if he is falsely convicted?  I think VOR is talking about those who are without a doubt guilty.   However, I don't think he believes that at all.   He's avoiding answering the Peterson question as if he does say he shouldn't be executed he then contridicts virtually all of his previous statements about the penalty and if he says he should be exectued he contridicts his statements in this thread and invalidates the very basis of his current argument.
If you don't understand "Beyond a shadow of a doubt" or and eye withness or irefutable DNA evidence then I don't know what to tell you......... I understand all those terms, and how they relate to our justice system as it is. I do not, however, live in your dream world where only the guilty are convicted.   You seem like you are against the death penalty in all cases so let me ask you a question..........  If someone in your immediate family was raped or murdered would you feel the same way about the death penalty? You avoided my question. I will be pleased to answer yours as best as I can, never having faced such a situation. Yes I would. Since I am not a religious man , as you claim to be, I am not bound by "Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord" Or "Thou shalt not kill" (number six of the ten suggestions) and, given the opportunity, I would kill the SOB myself. If he went to trial I would not want him to be humanely put to sleep. I would want him to live a long life knowing that today will be like yesterday and tomorrow will be like today. Dono
Simple question VOR:   Scott Peterson: Kill him? Yes or no?
If you ask any criminal on death row if he would like to have his sentence commuted to life in prison every one of them would take that in a heartbeat......Have you ever heard the expression where there is life there is hope? I've heard it, but have no idea how that might in any way respond to what I said.[/QUOTE]  I am sorry but I don't believe you when you say that if your mother, wife, or sister was murdered, raped and canibalized tha you would turn the other cheek.........The only man that would ever do that is Jesus Christ, and no offense but you are not him.........No man is.......... Do you have a reading disorder? Did I use too many multisyllible words? I said that if I had the opportunity I would kill him. If not, cage him for the rest of his miserable life. That's not turning the other cheek, an instruction directed to, and generally ignored, by believers such as yourself. Since you bring JC up, do you think he would, when asked about the death penalty, echo your eloquent words "fry him"? If JC were here today, he would be branded a flaming liberal. Dono
It's a simple question vor:  Fry Peterson: Yes or No?
 I am responding.....you seem to think thatg life in prison is worse then the death penalty........I am telling you that the prisoners on death row would disagree........ And I am telling you that I don't give a tinker's damn what prisoners would do. They don't get to select their punishment, the states do, and 28 still kill.   No Jesus Christ would not fry him, but then I am mortal man and I would........ So you are admitting that you know what JC would do, but you have made a considered decision not to follow, indeed to oppose, based on your mortality? Sounds like a lot less than a mustard seed to me. Followers like you are why I labeled "Thou shalt not kill" as one of the ten suggestions.  Dono
Didn't Texas sign it into law a while back that if 3 or more people can identify you as the one who committed the crime that you get no appeals, and go right to the top of the list to be executed? I think this should be the case in every state. While many cases do deserve appeal, many do not. If we got rid of appeals cases on indisputable crimes, we would save quite a bit of taxpayer money. I live in Texas and have not heard of such a law. We continue to lead all the states in executions (1 this month so far with 2 more scheduled) and our murder rate remains high. If money were truly a determining factor, we could save a lot (execution = $1.2 million, life without parole = $750,0000) by joining all the rest of the western industrialized nations in eliminating the death penalty. Dono
Didn't Texas sign it into law a while back that if 3 or more people can identify you as the one who committed the crime that you get no appeals, and go right to the top of the list to be executed?  What happens if one of these people change their statement after the execution? Testimonies have a nasty way of changing every so often.  simple question vor:  Fry Peterson: Yes or No?
I know I am going to regret answering you question "Little Man" but in the case of Scott Peterson, although he is guilty as hell, I would lock him up for life without the possibility of parole (although some liberal judge will let him out) because there were no witnessess or DNA evidence for the crime........  Then why did you state the following?  Isn't it ironic that most of the people on the left in this forum are against executing Peterson but will execute and innocent baby in the womb without batting and eye.........  Go figure..........   If anyone ever deserved the death penalty it is this guy...........  http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=394827&highlight=peterson#post394827  One thing that really bugs me about the death penalty is the time it takes from when a criminal is found guilty and the time he or she is executed.......I think the time should not exceed 2 years and 2 appeals.......  Ypu have a guy on death row by the name of Scott Peterson who murdered 2 people and if your a 55 year old male you will probably die before this scumbag is executed......................  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=112262&highlight=peterson#post112262  Seems contridictory. VOR IS FLIP FLOPPING!  You've still failed to give a single instance where someone was let out because of a "liberal" judge
Damn you are thick "Litle Man"  Ah, and Shaq is a big man. :)   If it was up to me I would fry his butt tomorrow....That is just me.  Then you do believe in kiling people where there is subsantial doubt and no hard evidence. Doesn't that contridict your previous claims? Since you claim your posts are in such context:  I am talking about cases where there is no doubt of guilt  yet you say you want to fry someone who's conviction has a large amount of doubt. Contridictions!   If it was up to me I would start executing the scum on death row tomorrow if they had been there 2 years and had 2 appeals.  Even if there was subsantial doubt of guiltness? No eye witnesses and no blood evidence? :p   They should give him life without parole because of the reasons I mentioned.  But you just said they should fry him.    Got it????? You have way to much time on your hands "Little Man".........Take up a hobby or some extra classes in your junior high school........  lol. I caught you in your web of contridictions and now you're all ******. :)
I am only a frail mortal man with weaknessess not a hypocrite like you................ That you are frail, or mortal, or weak, I will not argue. Let us discuss "not a hypocrite like you", since, in lieu of a valid response, you have resorted to name calling. Would you point out where I have pretended to be something I am not (hypocrite)? You, on the other hand, profess to be a believer and a follower of Jesus Christ (JC), yet you state in your own words that you would make a considered decision not to act as you believe he would. Who then is the hypocrite here?  Dono
Didn't Texas sign it into law a while back that if 3 or more people can identify you as the one who committed the crime that you get no appeals, and go right to the top of the list to be executed? I think this should be the case in every state. While many cases do deserve appeal, many do not. If we got rid of appeals cases on indisputable crimes, we would save quite a bit of taxpayer money.   This is a horrible law. The KKK could start accusing blacks of murder and as long as 3 of them say they saw him murder someone than no appeals? There's something called due process in this country.   TO VOR: There is no such thing as 100% sure. People make mistakes with vision and some will lie. DNA can get contaminated and takes more than 2 years to get. There is no way in 2 years that we can ever be 100% sure considering we are still wrong sometimes after 20 years.
Damn you are thick "Litle Man" ...........If it was up to me I would fry his butt tomorrow....That is just me.........If it was up to me I would start executing the scum on death row tomorrow if they had been there 2 years and had 2 appeals......I don't control the judicial system in Calfornia............They should give him life without parole because of the reasons I mentioned.......  Got it????? You have way to much time on your hands "Little Man".........Take up a hobby or some extra classes in your junior high school........  OK, replace Duo_Maxwell with Jesus Christ and take away all the name-calling from both sides. You admit that he would not believe in the death penalty yet you are arguing with someone on the board about it. What if it was Jesus? Would you still argue against him and be for the death penalty? Or is it you who is the hypocrite not arguing about the topic but basing your argument on who you are and who you are arguing with? Just a thought.
Now I want you Liberal to focus like a laser beam........Jesus Christ was a perfect human being.........I am not.....I am a person of faith but not a devout one. I can see a little honesty peeking out here. You are a pick and choose Christian, pick the parts you like, ignore the parts you don't. How convenient, simply don your piety when it suits your purpose, take it off when it doesn't. Now we will be able to put your religious references in their proper context.   Speaking for myself I am for the death penalty.....The judicial system in no country is perfect, but I think ours is the best one going.......There will be a time where and innocent person might be executed but I think they are few and far between.... Since you admit that innocents will be killed, that brings me back to a question you avoided, and since we have established that you have no religious constraints regarding the taking of an innocent life, what is an acceptable ratio of innocent to guilty? What is the value of a human life from the viewpoint of a "person of faith but not a devout one"?  Now as far as Scott Peterson goes if it was me I would fry him after 2 years of appeals because even though they only have circumstantial evidence against him it is overwhelming......Because the evidence is circumstantial he will be on death row for 20 years or some liberal judge will commute his sentence to life in prison.........  I don;t know how else to explain it to you. Speaking for myself, you have said enough. Dono
Speaking for myself I am for the death penalty.....The judicial system in no country is perfect, but I think ours is the best one going.......There will be a time where and innocent person might be executed but I think they are few and far between.  But there are still innocents excuted. Let's retroactively apply the math here. The penalty was reinstated in the 70s. On average, 1 to 2 prisoners are released from death row every month.   2005-1976 = 29 years. Let's use 28 as 2005 isn't over and the enactment didn't include the full year. 28x12 = 336 months. So between 336 to 672 innocent people  have staistically been excecuted since Gregg Vs Georgia took place.   Is that acceptable?    Now as far as Scott Peterson goes if it was me I would fry him after 2 years of appeals because even though they only have circumstantial evidence against him it is overwhelming  But you just said that we should lock such cases away since they don't have solid proof. Flip flopping VOR, one minute it's only execute if solid proof, the next, just kill them regardless.   I don;t know how else to explain it to you.  Considering how you keep radically shifting your position, you need to explain it better.
Guess you just can not focus like a laser beam...Maybe you have ADD......... Still another insult instead of an answer. If, as "a person of faith but not a devout one", you should actually ever read your bible, you might check this out: A fool shows his annoyance at once, but a prudent man overlooks an insult (Proverbs 12:16). Dono
All I said is you have a very difficult time focusing and sometimes that is caused by ADD.................Maybe I hit a nerve? Hit a nerve? You couldn't hit a bull in the XXX with a bass fiddle.  Dono
Since 2002, 962 people have been executed.   Let's redo the math. 1977-2002 x 12 = 300 x 2 = 600  Between 300-600 people are wrongful on the row. Let's go with the lower number, that means roughly 1/3 of those who have been executed were innocent is 33% "few and far inbetween" vor?
Guess you just can not focus like a laser beam...Maybe you have ADD.........  Oh, sure, and he's the one who puts long strings of periods at the end of every sentence.
Now I want you Liberal to focus like a laser beam........Jesus Christ was a perfect human being.........I am not.....I am a person of faith but not a devout one.  Speaking for myself I am for the death penalty.....The judicial system in no country is perfect, but I think ours is the best one going.......There will be a time where and innocent person might be executed but I think they are few and far between....  Now as far as Scott Peterson goes if it was me I would fry him after 2 years of appeals because even though they only have circumstantial evidence against him it is overwhelming......Because the evidence is circumstantial he will be on death row for 20 years or some liberal judge will commute his sentence to life in prison.........  I don;t know how else to explain it to you.  I'll assume this was in response to me since it was right after mine and you didn't reference another one. You never answered my question. You are calling these people who support the death penalty "stupid liberals" who "can't focus like a laser beam" and "have ADD". What if it was Jesus here? You said he would be against the death penalty except for undeniable evidence. and he's perfect. So would you accuse someone perfect of having ADD and not being able to focus and being stupid?
Liberals are not stupid, they are insane.  And conservatives are irrational and close minded. :)
"Little Man" every person on death row is innocent...Didn't you know that? If you don't believe it just ask them...........  You don't understand.   There are few thousand people on death row across the country. The numbers i gave are a percentage of 1000. How can I be saying that everyone is innocent when my math says that only 30% or so of the executed were likely innocent?  Oh wait, I can't be and you're just pulling **** out of your XXX because 1) if you accepted, you be flip flopping, you;d contrict your arguments and 2) you get all flustered when you are obviously wrong but cannot get out of it by simply using a personal attack, (which btw you disagree with but use yourself, making you a hypocrite).  Yes, Shaq is a big man :p   I ask again, is 30% few and far inbetween?
The point I am trying to make and its not getting through to you is JC is the only perfect human being.........Since I am imperfect I have my differences with him on things like the death penalty and turing the other cheek..........  Well, if you know what the only perfect human being says, then why don't you agree with him?
Duo, I wonder how many of the magical 30% innocent of the particular crime they were convicted on...were truely innocent, model citizens?  How many of us here are model citizens? emoticon_rolleyes that's not the point.   Not very many I'd guess. Granted, if proven innocent by DNA testing that did not exist at the time of the crime, they should walk away free.  That's perceisely what I'm talking about. DNA forensics is on average releasing 1 to 2 prisoners from death row montly.    Now, since we have this indisputable DNA science that can set a innocent man free...why should it not put a guilty murderer to death quickly as well?  First of all, DNA is not as indisputable or reliable as people make it out to be. I already posted how easily DNA samples can become very worthless very quickly. Second of all, because there is no "silver" bullet for proving guilt, and the current system has a myraid of flaws, it seems stupid to go forth with a irreverisble act when so many problems exist.
The problem with that is DNA testing is not a silver bullet and new evidence keeps being brought in. Both you and VOR seem to ignore that DNA evidence has inherentl problems and is seriously backlogged.   The cost isn't in the housing. It's in the appeals. That should be obvious to anyone who understands how the system works. I have a feeling that this Gop user is merely a user here who has registered a new screen name.
Litlte Man as usual you crack me up.........this guy works in corrections and your trying to tell him how it is..................You are really a pistol........... :)  And you know he works there because? He could just be you under a different screen name, but that's unlikely as he has shown a ability to form coherent arguments, something you clearly cannot do.   Do you not understand the basic science as to how DNA testing is done?  It's intersting. I post how it is done, how it fails and you don't even understand the basics.   How can you cite DNA as justification when you don't even understand it?
Everything to you is a conspiracy little man  lol. I find it interesting that you immeditely believe he is a "expert" in the field when he has said nothing that would prove it yet you don't believe credible science sites that talk about the problems of DNA. talk about idiocy.   But then again, you never believed in any form of proof whatsoever.
I think there are arguments to be made on both sides, but a country as rich as America can afford to err on the side of protecting life. It's not like your in a war-torn country with a lack of resources.   And as for 'Jesus was against the death penalty but I'm weak', that is one of the most hypocritical positions I've ever heard, especially for a Christian. If you said 'if someone killed my family I'd probably kill them though it would be wrong' that's one thing, but actively arguing for the position to be taken by the state when it runs directly against Christ's teachings is totally different. On that basis you could justify absolutely any action, and just say 'I'm not perfect'.  As for 'totally certainly guilty' criminals, if only these were executed the electric chair would soon get rusty from non-use. Eyewitnesses are frequently unreliable, DNA evidence has been overturned, and even personal confessions are unreliable: several people confessed to being the Yorkshire Ripper here in the UK who were found to have nothing to do with it.
No, although I am a Catholic I am not that religeous but I would never do that...... I also disagree with the Pope on the subject........ By his own words VoR admits to being PC (Pseudo Catholic). Just read the above statement again and see the hypocrisy there. If Christ were on Earth today, by current definations he might be judged to be a liberal which would, from VoR's narrow standpoint, make Him a member of the root cause of all evil on earth. We can all agree with VoR when he states, "I am not that religeous". Dono
Let's turn this around, why VOR do you have more compassion for the innocent then the guilty? God and jesus forgive all and loves all. Why have you failed to emulate your religion's savior? How can you even associate yourself with a religion when you clearly are rejecting some of the most important aspects?
I agree, yes I could be a better Catholic but why do you have compassion for murderers and rapists and none for the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb who has committed no crime or harmed anyone and just wants to have a chance at life like you and I.......... This may be difficult for you to comprehend, but this thread is not about "a defenseless baby". As for my feelings in regard to abortion, I have never posted on that subject so you have no knowledge (not an unusual occurrence) of how I feel or where my compassion lies. Dono
I agree, yes I could be a better Catholic but why do you have compassion for murderers and rapists and none for the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb who has committed no crime or harmed anyone and just wants to have a chance at life like you and I..........Jesus position on how to treat people is clear. He never stated whether or not that included foetuses. Incidentally, calling it a 'baby' and saying it 'wants a chance at life' are both hopelessly emotive.  What it comes down to is that where Christ's teachings are clear you ignore them and where they are not you claim his authority in your views.
Well I don't know if your a Christian or not but when it comes to murdering babiesin the womb for no reason you will find you were wrong when you meet your maker.......  I know I am right............ Did any one else notice that this paragon of pompous piety, who has confirmed his lack of religious validity, has changed his signature line to define what a "mortal sin" is? After admitting in his own words that he is "not devout", he continues to preach to others as the high priest of hypocrisy. Dono
Change the subject when you have been proven wrong...........attack me.............sad.............what else is new? emoticon_rolleyes  lol. That's rich. You are by far the biggest hypocrite ever.   Why is it that you change virtually every argument you are losing to abortion? Why is it that when you are losing, you revert to bush hater to dumb "i love you comments?" Why is it that you cut and run from every argument you lose after a short period of time? Why is it that you can't answer any questions but you attack the asker of the questions with personal insults?  emoticon_rolleyes
Change the subject when you have been proven wrong...........attack me.............sad.............what else is new? emoticon_rolleyes  Oh, right, you proved him wrong. Sure you did. emoticon_rolleyes
Well I don't know if your a Christian or not but when it comes to murdering babiesin the womb for no reason you will find you were wrong when you meet your maker.......  I know I am right............Ah, yes. Back to the threats. I don't personally murder babies, and have never heard of a baby being put into the womb. I suport the killing of foetuses in certain circumstances, and is not clear from the Bible that foetuses are persons:  ''When people who are fighting injure a pregnant woman so that there is a miscarriage, and yet no further harm follows, the one responsible shall be fined what the woman's husband demands, paying as much as the judges determine.'   suggests that the loss of a foetus was seen as worthy of a fine: children were after all valuable. But not worthy of death, the punishment for murder in the OT. Far more similar to the fine payed by a man who rapes a virgin and then refuses to marry her, damaging her bride-value to her father.  You on the other hand openly advocate state murder which you accept is in direct contravention of Christ's laws. As a mortal sin requires:  1. subject must be 'grave matter'; 2. it must be committed with full knowledge 3. it must be committed with deliberate and complete consent.  I think that this is a clear example. I don't condemn others to hell, but you may wish to reconsider your beliefs.
obvious child, it should be quite clear as to VOR's line of thinking. He's not a real believer. In fact, many of his stances are very anti-christan all while he proclaims his faith. In fact, he has a belief that religion is nothing but a crutch a method of protecting aganist fear during times of trouble, many actual believers would take offense to that (and some already have here). It is quite clear that religion is merely a tool for VOR to advance his agenda. He doesn't actually believe.
oh, its surprising how many people believe that they're true Christians while happily ignoring the central tenets.  But if you're right its all the more important to bring out and display his dishonesty.
ABOUT THIS INNOCENCE PROJECT     The Innocence Project at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law was created by Barry C. Scheck and Peter J. Neufeld in 1992. It was set up as and remains a non-profit legal clinic. This Project only handles cases where postconviction DNA testing of evidence can yield conclusive proof of innocence. As a clinic, students handle the case work while supervised by a team of attorneys and clinic staff.  Most of our clients are poor, forgotten, and have used up all of their legal avenues for relief. The hope they all have is that biological evidence from their cases still exists and can be subjected to DNA testing. All Innocence Project clients go through an extensive screening process to determine whether or not DNA testing of evidence could prove their claims of innocence. Thousands currently await our evaluation of their cases.  DNA testing has been a major factor in changing the criminal justice system. It has provided scientific proof that our system convicts and sentences innocent people -- and that wrongful convictions are not isolated or rare events. Most importantly, DNA testing has opened a window into wrongful convictions so that we may study the causes and propose remedies that may minimize the chances that more innocent people are convicted.  As forerunners in the field of wrongful convictions, the Innocence Project has grown to become much more than the "court of last resort" for inmates who have exhausted their appeals and their means. We are now helping to organize The Innocence Network, a group of law schools, journalism schools, and public defender offices across the country that assists inmates trying to prove their innocence whether or not the cases involve biological evidence which can be subjected to DNA testing. We consult with legislators and law enforcement officials on the state, local, and federal level, conduct research and training, produce scholarship, and propose a wide range of remedies to prevent wrongful convictions while continuing our work to free innocent inmates through the use of postconviction DNA testing.  We hope that this site will raise awareness and concern about the failings of our criminal justice system. It is a facet of our society that eventually touches all of its citizens. The prospect of innocents languishing in jail or, worse, being put to death for crimes that they did not commit should be intolerable to every American, regardless of race, politics, sex, origin, or creed.  Innocence Project 100 Fifth Avenue, 3rd Floor New York, NY 10011  info@innocenceproject.org   I would also suggest the book " The Death of Innocents " by Sister Helen Prejean.
I don't either but the RCC which I belong to condemns all sinners that do not repent their sins..........  Some of my friends on the left want to have it both ways.........They think by calling a baby in the womb a fetus that it clears them of all responsiblity in a life or death question.........Maybe it lets them sleep better at night.......  The RCC has already threatened to with hold Holy Communion to politicians who are proponents of abortion..........I just hope they soon follow through with the threat.......... Don't preach to me; you've proven how phony you are by wanting a woman to not have full autonomy over her own health care, yet you are the first to fry someone, guilty or not. Some Catholic you are, to use your faith as a crutch.
Kirk Bloodsworth was convicted in March of 1985 for the brutal killing and sexual assault of a nine year old girl. The victim was found dead in July of 1984. She had been strangled, raped, and beaten with a rock. Bloodsworth was arrested based on an anonymous call telling police that he was seen with the victim that day and an identification made by a witness from a police sketch that was based on the recollections of five eyewitnesses. At trial, all five witnesses testified that they had seen Bloodsworth with the victim. Also presented at trial was testimony that Bloodsworth had said that he had done something terrible that day that would affect his relationship with his wife. Additionally, he mentioned a bloody rock during the investigation. A shoe impression found near the victim matched his size.  This evidence was challenged in Bloodsworth's appeals, which asserted that the bloody rock was mentioned because the police showed him a rock during the interrogation. The incident he mentioned regarding his wife amounted to his failure to buy the food she had requested. Moreover, the police failed to inform the defense that there may have been another suspect. Bloodsworth's conviction was overturned by the appellate court and he was retried. This time, he was convicted and sentenced to two life terms, to run consecutively.   In 1992, the prosecution agreed to DNA testing to be performed by Forensic Science Associates. The victim's shorts and underwear, a stick found at the scene, and an autopsy slide were compared against the blood standards of the victim and Bloodsworth. Using PCR based DNA testing, FSA determined that the amount of spermatozoa on the slide was insufficient for testing. Testing on the panties excluded Bloodsworth. Replicate testing performed by the FBI yielded the same results.  Bloodsworth was released from prison in June 1993 and pardoned in December 1993. He had spent over eight years in prison, two of those years facing execution.  Bloodsworth also became the first person to be exonerated from death row through postconviction DNA testing. The recent introduction of the Innocence Protection Act of 2003 establishes the Kirk Bloodsworth Postconviction DNA Testing Program, which will provide funding for testing under the act. To learn more about the IPA and to read Bloodsworth's remarks on the bill, please visit our Legislation section.
I don't either but the RCC which I belong to condemns all sinners that do not repent their sins..........  Some of my friends on the left want to have it both ways.........They think by calling a baby in the womb a fetus that it clears them of all responsiblity in a life or death question.........Maybe it lets them sleep better at night.......  The RCC has already threatened to with hold Holy Communion to politicians who are proponents of abortion..........I just hope they soon follow through with the threat..........So on the basis on what you admit you believe simply from faith (unquestioning?) in childhood teachings you consider yourself to have enough certainty to know the RCC is right?  And we've seen that on a TOTALLY CLEAR life/death question you choose death. Their view is more supportable than yours in Christian scripture.
Kirk Bloodsworth was convicted in March of 1985 for the brutal killing and sexual assault of a nine year old girl. The victim was found dead in July of 1984. She had been strangled, raped, and beaten with a rock. Bloodsworth was arrested based on an anonymous call telling police that he was seen with the victim that day and an identification made by a witness from a police sketch that was based on the recollections of five eyewitnesses. At trial, all five witnesses testified that they had seen Bloodsworth with the victim. Also presented at trial was testimony that Bloodsworth had said that he had done something terrible that day that would affect his relationship with his wife. Additionally, he mentioned a bloody rock during the investigation. A shoe impression found near the victim matched his size.  This evidence was challenged in Bloodsworth's appeals, which asserted that the bloody rock was mentioned because the police showed him a rock during the interrogation. The incident he mentioned regarding his wife amounted to his failure to buy the food she had requested. Moreover, the police failed to inform the defense that there may have been another suspect. Bloodsworth's conviction was overturned by the appellate court and he was retried. This time, he was convicted and sentenced to two life terms, to run consecutively.   In 1992, the prosecution agreed to DNA testing to be performed by Forensic Science Associates. The victim's shorts and underwear, a stick found at the scene, and an autopsy slide were compared against the blood standards of the victim and Bloodsworth. Using PCR based DNA testing, FSA determined that the amount of spermatozoa on the slide was insufficient for testing. Testing on the panties excluded Bloodsworth. Replicate testing performed by the FBI yielded the same results.  Bloodsworth was released from prison in June 1993 and pardoned in December 1993. He had spent over eight years in prison, two of those years facing execution.  Bloodsworth also became the first person to be exonerated from death row through postconviction DNA testing. The recent introduction of the Innocence Protection Act of 2003 establishes the Kirk Bloodsworth Postconviction DNA Testing Program, which will provide funding for testing under the act. To learn more about the IPA and to read Bloodsworth's remarks on the bill, please visit our Legislation section.  One more time, just for you to read.............
Change the subject when you have been proven wrong...........attack me.............sad.............what else is new? emoticon_rolleyes Before lecturing me on changing the subject, I would suggest that you reread the title of this thread. It was not me who changed the subject to abortion. You have made the statement that I have been proved wrong. Would you care to point out the post(s) that did that?  As for attacking you, I have a low post rate here because I usually just read and consider, but you have a penchant for inane statements that prompts me to respond and it is difficult to attack the statement without attacking the source.  Dono
you never learn.    1) Appeals prevent the US legal system from be comming Iran or Saudia Arabia 2) DNA testing may take over 2 years due to backlogging and regulation 3) Such people, as Hydra noted, were on death row for a number of years, yet were exonnerated.   Even though you deny it, your statements show you have no problem executing innocent people.
Let me try and get away from the personal attacks and get back on the subject of this thread........... Since you were the one that got away from the subject, it is appropriate that you should be the one to come back.  I think the cost of Executing criminals can be greatly reduced by cutting back on the countless appeals a convicted criminal gets and the time the appeals take to process......... And joining the rest of the western nations in eliminating capital punishment would save even more money, plus eliminating that pesky problem of killing innocent people.  I would say 2 very extensive appeals and a 2 year time frame should cover it........ You would get "2 very extensive appeals" (can some one decode that?) through preparation, filing, scheduling, hearing and ruling in 2 years. Any rational person knows that is not going to happen - ever. Dono
rina_marina  How does that solve the problem of appealing the island conviction as well as innocents?  Besides, the most brutal killers would likely make it out. And under such a system they would be free. Doesn't seem useful to me.
So far, I have read no pro-death penalty posts on this forum that have given adequate reasons to use it. There is no proof that it scares off potential murderers in society, and no other argument even makes sense. I posted a similar argument on a thread earlier, but decided it needs its own.  People always talk about how "We need to think of John (the murdered), and have them put to death for John's sake." The dead don't seek revenge, and revenge can be nothing but meaningless to a person who is dead. Unless, of course, you can prove that revenge does have meaning for the dead, in which case our justice system might have reason to consider it. What these people are really doing is using the dead's name in order to get their own personal revenge. Anyone who uses the dead's name like this is defaming them, and this is absolutely wrong. If you want revenge, ask for it in your own name; don't be a coward. But, if you weren't the one murdered, what right do you have to ask for revenge in your own name? You don't. The only reason you have a right to ask for punishment at all is in the name of protecting society. We punish to ensure future safety by staving off future wrongdoings (again, the death penalty is no more effective than eternity in prison).  From the American people's perspective, what is just about spending more of their money putting a man to death than they would by simply removing him from society for the rest of his life? Both accomplish the same goal of total removal. If it has ever happened that a man convicted of murder was legally released, and killed yet again, one (or even a few) incident is laughable in the face of the number of innocent people put on death row.   The argument that convicted murderers might break free is also a joke. Justice is not put to use by acting under the assumption that its dictates will not be followed through. Similarly, we could assume anything about anyone we ever punished at all. Were I a teacher, I could assume that the child I sent to the corner was going to leave early, and thus escort him straight to the principle's office, just to be prudent. Such reasoning allows virtually any punishment to be extended ad infinitum because the punished might fall out of line with their punishment at any time.  Then there is the argument that flaws in the death penalty lay with the judiciary system, not with the actual penalty itself. While anyone can accept that a "perfect" judiciary system would only send real murderers to death row, even if this were the case, it does not negate the problems mentioned before. The death penalty costs the tax payers more and benefits neither the dead, nor society, in any way, and society doesn't punish in order to "get revenge." (In addition, this argument can be flipped and used against the argument that prisoners might escape: "But that's a problem with prison security!" Or against the inmate release argument: "But that's a problem with releasing life-in-prison muderers, not with the punishment itself if it were properly used!")  But the worst part of it all is this "machismo" aura that many pro-death penalty citizens try to emulate. "They killed so and so, therefore stick it to 'em and let 'em burn! I hope he dies slow, and wets himself, too!!" You think this is manly? The biggest laugh of the whole death penalty argument is that the whole thing is upheld by immature cowards who don't appear to know what it is to be a real man (or woman) in the least.
I've done serious reading on this site, and I looked over the link you posted. Neither refutes my argument, let alone "shoots big holes" in it. If you would like to copy and paste the posts which do, and put them here, I'll entertain them. Otherwise, admit you've got nothing when you've got nothing.
Are you serious? A few incidents? Many men and women who have been convicted of murder have been legally released and then killed again.  Yup, I'm serious.  Yeah, because there is not a whole list of convicted murderers who have broken out of prison. emoticon_xgood   Interesting. Emoticon = refuted logic?  Well, what faults? You say that innocent people are sentenced to death far too often.  My argument makes it clear that innocent people need not be sentenced to death in order for the death penalty to be unjust. It does nothing for society, and in fact costs society more than life in prison. There is nothing just about making society pay more.  After reading this 4 times, I am not even going to try to pretend that this makes any sense.  You mean you are not going to pretend to you understand it. It means that your argument stating that flaws in the death penalty lay in the judicial system is like me saying that flaws in life imprisonment lay in our prison's security system; not in the punishment itself. It is also like saying that the problem of releasing guilty persons sentenced to life in prison lays with the judicial system, not with the punishment of life in prison. Understand yet?
Jim, before posting all this garbage on why innocent people are not sentenced to death, maybe you should read this thread first.   While anyone can accept that a "perfect" judiciary system would only send real murderers to death row, even if this were the case, it does not negate the problems mentioned before. The death penalty costs the tax payers more and benefits neither the dead, nor society, in any way, and society doesn't punish in order to "get revenge."   And again:  My argument makes it clear that innocent people need not be sentenced to death in order for the death penalty to be unjust. It does nothing for society, and in fact costs society more than life in prison. There is nothing just about making society pay more.   The "statistics" that you cite are some of the biggest loads of garbage I've ever heard of. They are nothing more than projected guesses made to put the death penalty in a positive light. In addition, in case you haven't figured it out at this stage in your life, statistics are almost always garbage. Take a few stat classes and you will see how deceptively wrong they can be. The biggest problem with statistics is that it inherently assumes causality -- all the time. It must do so in order to appear to make sense (without this link, statistics would be meaningless). For example, here is a statistic I just ran into (http://btobsearch.barnesandnoble.com/booksearch/isbnInquiry.asp?btob=Y&isbn=1568957912&itm=2) "Want to extend your life? Start flossing! Statistics show that people who floss daily and visit a dentist and dental hygienist every six months live almost six and a half years longer than the Unflossed." The problem with this is that the statistic is inherently flawed, because the type of people who floss also tend to be the types of people who have many other healthy habits that cause them to live longer. The statistic tricks us into assuming a false causality. The sooner you understand this and start getting away from statistics (particularly fake, projected statistics that are used on extremely large populations), the sooner you will not be fooled into believing some very tricky lies.  If you want to discuss projected statistics over large populations, I'd be happy to continue, as I happen to be knowledgeable in the field.   Again, I support the death penalty for certain crimes and criminals. Cost has nothing to do with it for me.  Well, why do you support it?
I didn't think that really needed an explanation, but ok. I support the death penalty because I feel that their are crimes and criminals so heinous that they deserve death. Yet this need for revenge is far removed from the need for justice. My original post addresses this feeling or need for the criminal to die. It has no relevance in the discussion of justice, only revenge.
Apparently, you will deny anything I post. You have a real problem with FACTS!  However, that is common among those who have nothing meaningful to say. You promote lies and deceptions in hopes that readers will not notice that your incompetent responses to legitimate arguments are indeed unfounded and reek of desparation.  What I posted and linked to were not "garbage" as you say. The studies were performed by competent people engaged in an effort to expose the truth.   You sound more like a liberal junkie everyday. I overestimated your intellect (and that's saying something). It won't happen again. When you have something specific in my post to respond to, come back and we'll talk.
Justice is an operative of not one person, or a few people, but society at large. Because justice operates to protect society by deterring future crime, one would have to show that the death penalty prevents more crime than life in prison, thus fulfilling the function of justice better than that of life in prison. Because the death penalty costs so much more, and has never been proven to be any more effective, it is neither more just, nor more practical. It is, in fact, far less practical, and this tips the scales on an otherwise (arguably) balanced scale. Overtaxing society due to myths about the death penalty is, in any case, certainly unjust.
This is a purely subjective argument made upon your definition of justice, which I do not happen to totally agree with. To me, justice serves not only society and mankind in general, but the individual citizen as well.  Ok, in what way, in your definition, does justice serve the individual?  Try going back to post #8 and refuting the conclusions of the studies performed by competent people.  I refuted it already. I'm sorry if you don't understand how statistics work. I was willing to go deeper into it at one point, but your nonsense tires me. I'm going to be honest here, Jim. The moment you literally referred to statistics -- no, wait -- projected statistics -- no, wait -- statistics projected over a large population based on a very small batch size, as "FACT," you lost all credibility in the land of intelligent thought. If you want, you can consider me "defeated" in your book; I promise I won't cry.
There is one reason that trumps EVERYTHING.  If you put someone to death, you can not undo it, no matter what. The liabilities are too high, no matter how sure anyone is of their guilt.
I've reviewed the links that work and see nothing showing the death penalty is a deterrent to anything. Lots of extreme emotion and opinion from individuals but the statistics put forth are so skewed with small samplings the margin of error has to be immeasurable against a national population. From a business plan perspective I hope the authors remain in their fields as they'd be laughed out of any new product presentation.   As extreme emotion is a major ingredient of common murder and that level of emotion generally overrides instilled training in all but a few very professional LE and military warrior types, I'd be curious as to how any law could possibly be accurately measured as a deterrent?
Aside from the fact that they come from a pro-death penalty site, can you point to instances of emotional input or errors in sampling?  .06 executions for all US murders over a given time frame is not a number offering any statistical relationship basis to determine deterrence. When individual testimonials and examples on the subject are brought into play, as is prevalent on the website, that presents slanted emotional refocus to support numbers, a no-no for any valid statistical offering. Numbers stand or fall on their own. Looks like what it is, a prosecutor attempting to convince a jury of lay people.
Is that .06% ? I do not understand the first sentence.  I do infer that you are pointing out that you think the sampling pool was entirely too small. This is akin to the exit polling so often used by the networks to predict the winner in elections just minutes after the voting begins. I'm not sure I agree with either approach. However, I am also not sure that the two efforts should be compared at all.  At least two of the abstracts say that their sampling included time-dated occurences wherein murder rates went down immediately following executions. I've just sent one full article to the printer (it appears to be well over a hundred pages). I intend to spend time in the next few weeks reading the relevant parts of it. If I reach the same conclusions you claim, I will not read the remaining papers....a man could go blind doing research.  I'd think murders going down after any execution would be mostly coincidental as most are 'heat of the moment' without consideration for penalty. On the other side of that coin, according to our local sheriff premeditated gang killings have decreased over the past decade due to territories being firmly established.   What would be interesting from a statistical viewpoint is what percentage of murder increase has occurred with the somewhat new practice of armed robbers killing all witnesses, not just a clerk pulling the alarm, to avoid a death penalty even in convenience store robberies offering minimal harvest for the perpetrators.
Here's a couple of recent articles on death penalty deterrent:  http://www.csmonitor.com/2005/1214/p09s01-coop.html  The author is a professor at Emory University, currently ranked 32nd among law schools, but I didn't let that sway me as media was obviously scrambling for content with Tookie being hot news.   The author addresses national deterrent rates being statistically skewed by certain states in her analysis and the brutality effect.   http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/FaganTestimony.pdf  This author is a law professor at Columbia University, the number four ranked law school, makes a difference regardless of elitism accusations, and offers a formal report.
First, I'm going to go ahead and thank georged for having more patience than I in explaining why these statistics are nonsense. Thank you georged. It's good to know someone here has a brain between their shoulders.  Well, since I believe in that there are crimes and criminals deserving of the death penalty, "tookies" execution served justice in my book. Justice can be as simple as a judge telling someone who ran over my fence when they were drunk, had no insurance, license, or registration, that they must pay me restitution in the amount of $759.00 (This just might have actually happened to me :) ), or it might be as much as a convicted murderer being put to death for his crimes. If someone killed my wife in cold blood, I would find justice in watching him die strapped to a table. Please don't take that to mean that I would find pleasure in it, but justice...there is a difference. I just don't understand how someone can not think that justice serves the individual. If justice did not first serve the individual, it would never be appreciated by the masses. Charging someone for the amount of money they owe you isn't even in the same field as demanding a person be killed for something they did. It is in society's best interest that people pay for the damages they cause. This is, of course, common sense, and society requires this maxim to function. The comparison is no bridge to the death penalty, however, because there is nothing gained by seeing a person fried to death as opposed to seeing them fade away in a prison cell for the rest of their life. The only thing gained is a larger tax burden, and possibly a sense of revenge for the victim involved. The fact of the matter, however, as addressed in my original post, is that no one but the person killed has a right to demand revenge, and unless you can prove to the court that revenge has meaning for the dead, you have no justification for asking for it. Please review my original post.
And I would argue that it is a proportional punishment based on the severity of the crime.  ... For me, it is a punishment befitting a crime. And why do you feel that it is necessary to punish crimes with a punishment befetting them? Do not say,"for the sake of justice" alone, because that justice must have a reason for being. What I am asking is what that reason for being is. Why do crimes require punishments that fit them?
For those who support the death penalty for murder as just punishment, would you support lopping off a hand for theft? Or stoning to death a Christian woman who sinned by having sexual relations before marriage? Or are you programmed into just punishment for only murder?
No. Death should come to rapists, child molestors and terrorists and all those who support them. I don't believe in "an eye for an eye" or that the punishment should fit the crime (cut off the hand of a thief) but I do think Machiavellian tactics are justified in punishing certain heinous criminals. Kill the bastard and be done with it...FOREVER!  Others, and yourself, have stated death is a just penalty for murder. It's been determined the death penalty is economically inefficient and I have yet to see any solid statistics displaying a defined deterrent factor.   What's the upside for society if societal conditions encouraging lesser crimes emboldening criminals to step up to murder aren't resolved? How would you rectify that condition without draconian punishments?
Why is it that the studies that seem to show it is not a deterrent are accepted and the studie that seem to show it is are dismissed? Multiple studies have shown that it is. IINM, Texas alone proves it is.  A Texas attorney general states he doesn't believe the death penalty and subsequent executions have shown any deterrent factor:  http://teacher.deathpenaltyinfo.msu.edu/c/about/arguments/argument1b.htm  ~A survey of the former and present presidents of the country's top academic criminological societies found that 84% of these experts rejected the notion that research had demonstrated any deterrent effect from the death penalty.~   Next?
Does life in prison without parole had a deterrent effect over say 10 years in jail?  Don't have a clue. My personal feeling is if any individual has started down a road of crime there's little, if any deterrent factor available other than LE saturation that's unfeasible or some 9mm 115-grain FMJs at about 1100fps. Prison is known to provide advanced criminal techniques and contacts, Advanced education.
 It's good to know someone here has a brain between their shoulders.  This proclamation is what has made me change my mind about the death penalty. I now stand against it.  I now see that providing murderers with 3 meals a day, tv and workout rooms, heated and cooled cells and the removal of life's daily stresses is the right punishment for people who already knew that their momentary needs outweighed the right of their victims to be alive is the right thing to do.  I mean, even a murderer has a brain between his shoulders. Or is it ears?
Do you understand what a appeal is?
~A 1991 study of the Texas criminal justice system estimated the cost of appealing capital murder at $2,316,655. In contrast, the cost of housing a prisoner in a Texas maximum security prison single cell for 40 years is estimated at $750,000." (Punishment and the Death Penalty, edited by Robert M. Baird and Stuart E. Rosenbaum 1995 p.109 )  http://www.mindspring.com/~phporter/econ.html  Adjusted to 2005 dollars - $3,269,118/$1,058,353
A prisoner in a Texas Max Sec cell for 40 years does not get appeals?  Big difference in appeals against death sentence and life incarceration sentence. Life incarceration appeals are generally predicated on guilty/innocent evidence, pretty cut/dry with appeals without new evidence declined, while death sentence appeals can go through all preparation levels from state to federal, cranking up billing hours like an electric meter with all the lights on.
Seriously though, it seems that people can only claim execution is more expensive than life in prison if they take into account cost of appeals. This leads me to the conclusion that we should only allow a single appeal. If a person cannot prove innocence beyond a reasonable doubt with one appeal, they lose.  Except there is a big problem with that. I take it you have no idea what furman vs georgia is? A number of factors can make a single appeal worthless. Racial bias has been a factor in sending a black man to the execution block and a white man to life. And the whole DNA thing is not a silver bullet. Plus the backlog on the labs is so immense that DAs are banned from sending more then a few samples monthly. A single mistake in handling can render a sample worthless. We need multiple appeals because our system is so fallible and has so many vulnerablities.   Also, when computing the cost of life imprisonment, do they include trial cost? Do they include cost for jail maintenance, construction, and salary for employees? When I compare the two, I compare the cost of simply executing somebody (assuming the decision has already been accepted legally) versus the cost of keeping them in prison for several decades. It is clear keeping them in prsion would be far more expensive in this case.  Not really given that many death row inmates spend decades in high security prisons. It costs roughly 60,000 to keep a inmate in a high security prison a year. Even over the course of 50 years that can't compare to a trial or series of trials that costs over several million after discounting the time value of money. Death costs more then life in prison. And it should be that way.
While I am sure that the costs vary state to state, they should be somewhat similar. Not sure where you get the figure of $60,000 from, but according to the TDOJ, the cost per day per offender as of FY2002 was $61.58. This comes out to $22,476.70 per year per offender. Average time spent on death row in Texas is 10.43 years. This would bring the average total costs per offender to $234,431.98.  Checking a few others: PA: $80.83 per offender per day. (2003) WI: $~71.00 per offeder per day. (present) OR: $67.53 per offender per day. (present)  I don't really see how cost is even an issue though.  I believe those are direct operating costs such as food, clothing, medical, utilities and labor, excluding societal legal costs. Indirect costs would be facility depreciation, maintenance, management, debt service and depreciation expense on entertainment, vehicles and other personal property.  Appeals are what run up the costs for death row inmates, a death row inmate appealing a conviction generally being three times as expensive as one serving a life sentence.
Here is a copy of my post re this subject from some time back, and I have read nothing since to change my mind, "If ever we had a system that was absolutely fair and equal to all defendants and no mistakes could be made .... I could support the death penalty. Since these conditions are impossible .... I do not. In the past decade, an average of over three countries a year have abolished the death penalty in law and, with support declining in the U.S., I have no doubt that the day will come when we join the rest of the western world".
While I am sure that the costs vary state to state, they should be somewhat similar. Not sure where you get the figure of $60,000 from, but according to the TDOJ, the cost per day per offender as of FY2002 was $61.58.  What level of security? Low security is going to be far cheaper then high security, where most death row inmates go.
I'm sure there have been more repeat murderers than innocent people put to death. As far as the cost goes, is that really an issue?   Execution Room = $10,000  Stainless Steel Table = $2,000  Leather Straps = $200  Lethal Injection Chemicals = $5,000  Knowing this person will never possibly be able to kill again =   PRICELESS  Are you saying you're pro-life, but pro death penalty too? Thats a complete contradiction, its really hard to be both.
My post was really more of a joke than anything else. Seriously though, it seems that people can only claim execution is more expensive than life in prison if they take into account cost of appeals. This leads me to the conclusion that we should only allow a single appeal. If a person cannot prove innocence beyond a reasonable doubt with one appeal, they lose. Also, when computing the cost of life imprisonment, do they include trial cost? Do they include cost for jail maintenance, construction, and salary for employees? When I compare the two, I compare the cost of simply executing somebody (assuming the decision has already been accepted legally) versus the cost of keeping them in prison for several decades. It is clear keeping them in prsion would be far more expensive in this case.  If one person was excecuted when he was innocent than thats hundreds too many. It makes anybody that believes in the DP a cold blooded killer. If were killing anyone, we better make damn sure that we've got the right guy. Therefore, they should have as many appeals as they want, and should only be convicted of a captial crime if there is a blood trail with DNA all over it and eyewitness accounts etc. If there is any circumstancial evidence or speculation, then they DP must not be pursued. The DP serves no purpose except for a barbaric outlet for hate. Its barbaric that people want to kill each other, no matter what the circumstances (unless you're in mortal danger). Life incarceration will never let him kill again, and its cheaper. The death penalty has no deterring effect.
First of all, it is impossible to measure if the death penalty is an effective detterent or not, so this is a pointless argument.  Studies have been conducted.    Second, contrary to your belief, a sentence to life in prison is not a guarantee that person will never breathe free air again. They can escape or even be pardoned.  Same with the death penalty.    You cite the fallibility of our legal system when it comes to executing innocent people, but seem to put complete trust that when a person is locked away for life, they actually get locked away for life.  What? Thats like me saying to you "you assume that when someone is given the death penalty, then they will be put to death".=    This simply is not the case. I find it puzzling and bizzare that you would label the death penalty as a "barbaric outlet for hate," yet you support abortion.  And embryo is not a sentinent being. A person is. Secondly, its a complete contradiction for you to be pro-life and support the DP. More so than it is for me to be pro-choice and against the death penatly.     The death penalty is a punishment for barbaric outlets of hate.  No its not. It serves no purpose, as being locked away for life does the exact same thing, just nobody dies. The only reason for it is because of hate. You hate the person so much that you want him/her dead. Thats barbaric, and thats hate.      The fact that you can equivocate execution and abortion shows your lack of understanding of either.  The fact that you condone murder of sentinent beings, yet advocate against a woman's right to choose is puzzling to me, and shows you don't understand either.      I believe in punishing people who are guilty and protecting the innocent.   Obviously not protecting the innocent, since the DP serves no purpose.   Convicted murderer = guilty. Fetus = innocent.  Thats a stupid and baseless statement. The embryo is not even a sentinent being, therefore there is no "guilt" or "innocence".     Saying the death penalty is morally equivalent to abortion because they both involve kiling is like saying rape is morally equivalent to making love because they both involve sex.  The DP is not equivilant to abortion. It's murdering living breathing humans while abortion does not.
Defending the "right to life" for a sentient being who opted to steal the "right to life" of their sentient victim for a "self serving" reason and defending the killing of children and calling it Pro choice knowing that the victim in both situations had no "choice" in the action is dubious at least.  Executing murderers is a management issue having nothing to do with personal choices to kill for personal advancement. As is the general reason for commiting murder. Citizens who support the death penalty do not support it from their desire to kill.  Aborting children is an act of personal advancement also. As selfish as whatever reason that a murderer justified in his mind why he must kill his sentient victim.
Based on what...All the people who came forward and said, "Well, gee, I was going to murder this person, but the chance I might get the death penalty has really deterred me."? Like I said, this is an impossible thing to measure accurately; there is simply no good way to apply the scientific method here as there are too many variables. However, if I had to take a guess simply based on logic, I would say it is a deterrent. This is just my opinion, and there is really no way to prove either way.  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?&did=1705#CRIMINOLOGISTS%27%20VIEWS%20ON%20DETERRENCE%20AND%20THE%20DEATH%20PENALTY [url]  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?&did=1705#LAW%20ENFORCEMENT%20AND%20THE%20DEATH%20PENALTY   Give up with the false claims.     All you did was say the same thing I did and apply it to your side. That isn't an argument, and you haven't refuted anything. In fact, I agree with you. Too often, after the death penalty is sentenced, people sit and sit on death row while the appeals process goes on and on.  Thats good. Why would you want an innocent person to possibly be excecuted? You want to make damn sure you have the right person right?     People have actually died on death row waiting to be executed. The point I was trying to make here, which you seem to have ignored (or cannot address), is that you cite the legal system for being imperfect as far as convicting innocents (which, incidentally, is usually based on a jury).  Ok? How does this condone killing people?      Then you turn around and assume the legal system is perfect when it comes down to handing out and enforcing sentences, which it isn't.  The difference is, no one is dying.     I do not make these claims. If someone is sentenced to life in prison without parole and they get out, that is a problem. If somebody is sentenced to the death penalty and they aren't executed, that is a problem. If somebody is completely innocent and they are executed for a crime they didn't commit (which, with forensics these days, probably will never happen again), that is a problem. If somebody is let out of prison and they victimize another innocent person, that is a problem. None of these problems warrent abolishing the death penalty.  None of these problems WARRANT the death penalty.      The problem here is your first sentence, and your "embryos don't count" point of view. In my opinion, something that is going to grow into a human being is a human being. Also, you can't be "more contradictory." You either are, or you aren't. You are, and I'm not.   Au contraire Monsieur DrNo. You are, I'm not. You condone the killing of human beings, support an embryo's rights over a woman's rights. Why Is this? This just tells me you don't value humans at all, to cause women pain and kill inmates. I just preserve civil rights, that is not a contradiction in the least.    I have already explained the purpose it serves. Why do you support the right to bear arms?  Pretty much that it is good for society, is one of our rights, and the fact that everyone who tries to establish gun control's countries/states fall into chaos.     However, I will tell you how I see it. If you support the right to bear arms, ultimately you believe that a person should be allowed to kill somebody in self defense. Why doesn't this right translate to the whole of society? Doesn't society have the right to kill people in self defense? Doesn't society have the right to preserve civility and order? I'll go so far as to say society not only has the right, but the responsibility to preserve civility and order.  Ok? I still don't see how this is relevant since the DP serves no purpose.     I don't enjoy killing, and I don't want to see executions on TV. Personally, I wish it wasn't needed. To me, it is our right to bear arms as a collective whole. Then you start talking about hate, which makes no sense. You really should leave emotion out of it. I don't want people to be executed because I hate them. I think there are certain crimes that deserve death as a punishment. That is all, plain and simple. My personal emotions have nothing to do with it.  Punishment ultimately comes down to anger, anger comes down to hate. Don't pretend that you're emotions aren't part of the killing.     How do you know a fetus isn't a sentinent being?  *Embryo*. I'm not for late term abortions. It is sentinent when it becomes self aware and develops intelligence. Thats ultimately when the human being starts to form.     Do you remember when you were a year old? If not, does that mean you weren't self-aware? Does that mean you weren't a human being?  Memory has nothing to do with being self aware.     By the way, I am not against a woman's right to choose. She can choose birth control or even abstinence.  Birth control is not 100% effective and abstinence is damn unhealthy.      Essentially, you believe a fetus should be allowed to be killed simply for existing, while you protect the lives of people who have murdered other innocent people (as murder is generally what a person will get the death penalty for).  If an embryo is not self aware, then it is not relevant. I don't accuse you of murder when you weed your garden. I don't accuse you of murdering weeds "just because they exist". Sometimes, a human being's rights and needs need to come over an embryo's.      Doesn't this seem backwards to you? I suppose if you don't understand that a fetus is a life, it makes perfect sense.  Weeds are a life, yet I weed my garden. My nails have many life forms in them, yet I cut my nails. My hair has life, yet I cut my hair. Termites are lives, yet I tent my house to get rid of them. That logic is completely flawed and doesn't make sense.       It serves the purpose of punishing people who have committed atrocities against society.  Whats wrong with life in prison? Why do you condone killing someone for punishment if there is a completely viable alternative?       Even if that were true, you are conveniently ignoring the fact that the "sentinent being" convicted of murder IS guilty and deserves to be punished.  Of course, but two wrongs don't make a right. The only thing that warrants killing is self defense.      If you think that is true, you should read up on abortion. Specifically, late-term abortion.  I'm not for late term abortion.    These types of abortions kill thousands more a year than the death penalty ever has.  What? Since when does the death penalty kill embryos and since when does abortion kill people? Since when is the embryo locked up in a cage like an animal, denied its rights, then put through excruciating pain for an excecution. An embryo isn't even a sentinent being, so all of this is irrelevant. "Did you know that weeding gardens kills thousands more a year than the death penalty and abortions has put together?" emoticon_xclown     Also, why don't you ever address the fact that we are talking about punishing convicted criminals?  Because there is a completely viable alternative. Therefore, the death penalty serves no purpose. Its that you don't value human life.     You act as if the chance of executing an innocent makes all convicts innocent. Some crimes are so terrible, life in prison just isn't enough.  Why not? Why isn't life in prison enough? They are isolated from society, they most likely can never kill again. What more do you want?      If you are going to try and bring abortion into this debate, I ask you to answer the questions I have posed regarding the right to bear arms. Explain how the death penalty isn't the right to bear arms applied to the whole of society.  I don't know what the heck you're talking about, but i'm going to give a wild guess. If you are asking me how I an Pro-2A, but Anti-DP, then its because the right to bear arms serves a purpose. It ensures stability in society, keeps crime to a low, and is one of our fundamental civil rights. My positions on matters reflect that I respect individual civil rights and freedoms. None are contradicitions. I am Anti-DP because I respect humans rights, and that they cannot be killed out of anger or hate. I am Pro-Choice because I believe in the individuals right to their own body. I do not believe that the Gov't should make decisions over women's body, since only the women know their circumstances best. I am Pro-2A because the right to self defense IMO is an inalienable right.
Defending the "right to life" for a sentient being who opted to steal the "right to life" of their sentient victim for a "self serving" reason and defending the killing of children and calling it Pro choice knowing that the victim in both situations had no "choice" in the action is dubious at least.  Forcing a woman to carry out an unplanned pregnancy is slavery at least. Then, forcing women to abide by your opinions even though you have no knowlege of her circumstances. Then, condoning the enslaving of women and calling it "pro-life" is dubious at most. The, to condone the killing of living, breathing human beings when there is a completely viable alternative just shows that you care nothing of the human race, and have no respect for human beings.       Executing murderers is a management issue having nothing to do with personal choices to kill for personal advancement.  Yes, it does. Life in prison does nothing more or less than the DP. The only reason you kill is for your personal advancement.      As is the general reason for commiting murder. Citizens who support the death penalty do not support it from their desire to kill.  Then why do they support it? There is no other reason they should, because it serves no purpose.      Aborting children is an act of personal advancement also.  No children are being aborted. No one is being killed. A child is a born, sentinent being that deserves has a right to life. However, a clump of cells with no self awareness or no "soul" as you religious people call it, cannot over power a woman's right to her own body. Weeding your garden is an act of personal advancement also, but killing weeds is not really murder is it?     As selfish as whatever reason that a murderer justified in his mind why he must kill his sentient victim.  I agree, however two wrongs don't make a right. Whats wrong with life in prison? They are isolated from society, they cannot hurt anyone else, what is the purpose of murdering him/her?
Forcing a woman to carry out an unplanned pregnancy is slavery at least. Then, forcing women to abide by your opinions even though you have no knowlege of her circumstances. Then, condoning the enslaving of women and calling it "pro-life" is dubious at most. The, to condone the killing of living, breathing human beings when there is a completely viable alternative just shows that you care nothing of the human race, and have no respect for human beings.  I would never "force" a woman to carry out a pregnancy. Murdering children in America is legal. I might however have great expectations of her to consider her actions while indulging herself in sex acts if she is not prepared to care for the possible result of her actions. In other words if dunderheaded people aren't ready to be adults and tend to the babies, they shouldn't be doing what makes them. Sex actually isn't a form of recreation. Except for those prepared to "care" for the result.   [/QUOTE] Yes, it does. Life in prison does nothing more or less than the DP. The only reason you kill is for your personal advancement.[/QUOTE]  You believe that when people want murderers put to death, they do it for personal gratification? Since you don't want murderers put to death how are you qualified to state what motivates a proponent of the death penalty? What "personal advancement" comes to a proponent by the act of implementation?    [/QUOTE] Then why do they support it? There is no other reason they should, because it serves no purpose.[/QUOTE]  They support it because killing murderers is the right thing to do.  It serves a number of purposes.    [/QUOTE] No children are being aborted. No one is being killed. A child is a born, sentinent being that deserves has a right to life. However, a clump of cells with no self awareness or no "soul" as you religious people call it, cannot over power a woman's right to her own body. Weeding your garden is an act of personal advancement also, but killing weeds is not really murder is it?[/QUOTE]  Only someone who can justify killing a baby for the irresponsible acts of a woman can compare killing one to weeding a garden.    [/QUOTE] I agree, however two wrongs don't make a right. Whats wrong with life in prison? They are isolated from society, they cannot hurt anyone else, what is the purpose of murdering him/her?[/QUOTE]  Many reasons.
 Sex actually isn't a form of recreation.  Assuming you're of legal age, I suggest you broaden your horizon and have some fun in life. If you're bound to an antiquated belief system that dictates sex being acceptable only for purposes of recreation, why use your belief system to critique others who accept contemporary birth control and termination of undesired pregnancy? Isn't that forcing your religion on them in a country with supposed freedom of religion?   But yet you clamor for death as 'the right thing to do' in other social circumstances without defining 'many purposes'.
Two ludicrous statements, utterly unproveable:    You are correct in saying it, but you can't possibly know if it's actually the truth.  And another...  (sic)  Which, again, no one but that embryo knows for sure. ________________________________________________________________________________ But Shooterandproud writes:   ...which I disagree with. Life in prison, without the possibility of parole, is, IMHO, Cruel and Unusual, and hence should be labelled un-Constitutional. Listen, if you're gonna tell someone that the crime they've committed is so heinous, so terrible and unforgiveable that you're never, ever gonna let 'em outta prison, no matter what they do or how long and hard you have to work to keep them alive, well... at that point you're guilty of something as well: Cruelty.  There's a reason most of 'em aren't called Penitentiaries any longer: no one's fu@#ing penitent. If the crime is that bad, execute 'em. But don't keep them alive, replace their teeth with shiny new caps, give 'em heart medication or freaking dialysis, just so you have them around to point at and say to the public, "See. We're doing something, we're fighting crime." Of course, if they're only sentenced to Life, but eligible for parole at some point, that's a different story. At least that guy can hope that one day he might get out. But for the dude who's gotta sit there day after day, knowing that even if he tries to kill himself that, by god, we're gonna cut him down, then tie him up and keep the f@#ker alive at all costs, just so we can watch him rot....that guy's suffering beyond what I'd call justice. Just gas him at that point, and get it done with.  I agree with you to some extent, but if you really believe that, let the inmate choose. Life or Death Penalty, I would be OK with that. I would also be much more OK with the DP if the inmates didn't experience excruciating pain.
I would never "force" a woman to carry out a pregnancy. Murdering children in America is legal.  I don't know which America you live in, but it sure ain't mine.      I might however have great expectations of her to consider her actions while indulging herself in sex acts if she is not prepared to care for the possible result of her actions.  Sex is not just a privalege for those who can mentally and phisically sustain a baby. No, abortion should never be used as birth control, but it should always be available as a last resort.      In other words if dunderheaded people aren't ready to be adults and tend to the babies, they shouldn't be doing what makes them.  That is such a stupid statement, words fail me to describe it. If you do not know everybody's circumstances and everybody's emotional state etc, then making a statement like that is like saying "well why didn't all of those holocaust victims just kill all the Nazis with their bare hands and escape?".        Sex actually isn't a form of recreation. Except for those prepared to "care" for the result.  Sex is a healthy form of recreations that is vital to sustaining a romantic relationship with someone. Its not a privelage for those who wish to have babies.        You believe that when people want murderers put to death, they do it for personal gratification? Since you don't want murderers put to death how are you qualified to state what motivates a proponent of the death penalty?  Since you are not a woman who has been through unwanted pregnancies and has unwanted children and had to care for them at age 14, how are you qualified to tell women what they can and can't do with their own bodies, and take away their personal freedoms?      What "personal advancement" comes to a proponent by the act of implementation?  You have still yet to state what purpose the DP serves.       They support it because killing murderers is the right thing to do.  It serves a number of purposes.  Assuming you're a religious fanatic, isn't "Though Shalt not kill" one of the ten commandments. And furthermore, Ghandi said "An eye for an eye leaves everyone blind". You don't know that its the right thing to do, just like you don't know if abortion is wrong. No one does, however basing all of this a botched hypothesis of yours is stupid, and is costing lives.         Only someone who can justify killing a baby for the irresponsible acts of a woman can compare killing one to weeding a garden.  I do not justify killing any babies. Only someone who can justify personal deprivation and sexism toward women can compare an embryo to a person.          Many reasons.  Such as?
Ghandi's math is a little off in this case. One eye for another eye between two people would still leave each person with one eye. Therefore, nobody is left blinded; they simply would have inferior depth perception.  Yet how many eyes were lost? What if there wasn't two people? What if they took out both eyes? There are too many variables for you to make an assertion like that.
Nobody lives in your America but you. Reality is mostly perception.  On the contrary. In your america, murdering children is acceptable. Not the america with the 50 states, George W. Bush as the president, etc. Thats the america I live in.      In this case, you are actually correct in your statement that sex is not a privilege. Any two consenting adults can legally have sex. As far as abortion never being used for birth control...abortion IS birth control, so abortion can't be without itself.  True, but i meant abortion should never be used as opposed to a condom or pill.      Actually, no, it isn't the same at all. Have you ever heard the expression "It takes two to tango"? The Jews didn't consent to what the Nazis where doing. Unless the crime of rape is taking place, people having sex willfully engage in such activity with one another. Dont do the crime if you can't do the time, so to speak.  What does consenting or crime have to do with anything. I don't see a stitch of relevance in that post.        This is correct. Nobody has ever said it was a privilege for those who want to have babies. I'm not sure where you came up with this.  That other guy. Gman i believe.
  True, but i meant abortion should never be used as opposed to a condom or pill.   And if prevention fails the woman should be obligated to carry an undesired pregnancy to term? That sounds very draconian.
No, there aren't too many variables. If you examine the phrase "an eye for an eye" you can logically deduct several things. The most obvious is there are only two eyes involved in the equation. "An eye (1) for an eye (1)." 1 eye + 1 eye = 2 eyes.  But lets say the offender poked out both of someone's eyes? Then it would mean two eyes. So if 2(1eye + 1eye) = X, then X would Equal 4 eyes, which would make both persons blind.     Since this expression is supposed to teach us a lesson regarding how we treat other people (not ourselves), we can also conclude that there are at least two people (most likely only two people, but certainly never just one person). Every normal person has two eye. Therefore, if one person with two eyes trades "an eye" for "an eye"  But lets say the offender decides to poke out both eyes? What then? Then obviously, everyone will end up blind eventually.    with another person with two eyes, each person is left with a single eye. Thus, neither person is blind, and the expression is incorrect.  I just disproved that. Even if what you said is true, two eyes were lost in the process. Which means that 1 eye extra was lost.
How exactly does this prove that reality is not largely based on perception? If anything, you have just proved my point.  Thats aside from the point. The point I'm trying to make is that murdering children is illegal, which is not a perception or a different reality. It just Is.       But it will be, no matter how much you think it shouldn't.  Of course, i'm only voicing my opinion.     Of course not. Sometimes I wonder if you even understand what you post, at least on this topic.   It seems that you don't understand a thing. I meant that abortion is not black and white. You can't really just tell people to "quit" having sex. You can't just stop doing something. Just like I said, the jews just couldn't "escape" from the nazis, inmates can't just escape from jail like its easy, and people can't just do things. Its hard for them, and you don't know your circumstances.
 Assuming you're of legal age, I suggest you broaden your horizon and have some fun in life. If you're bound to an antiquated belief system that dictates sex being acceptable only for purposes of recreation, why use your belief system to critique others who accept contemporary birth control and termination of undesired pregnancy? Isn't that forcing your religion on them in a country with supposed freedom of religion?   But yet you clamor for death as 'the right thing to do' in other social circumstances without defining 'many purposes'.  You think that because I don't want babies to be killed because of cold hearted irresponsblity of a female who places her social life over the safety of her child and that I demand the death of adults who choose murder as a tool as the resolution to a problem, that my beliefs are antiquated and I am pushing religion? Which verse did I quote?  Hoping to incite people to do what is right by not indulging in sex until they are prepared to care for the results is unreasonable? Your logic is a grand example of the moral nose dive we are in.  Animals breed for reproduction purposes and breeding is affected by their enviornment. When food is scarce due to weather or some other reason it effects the activity. When herds of animals overpopulate, the herd suffers even more. Sometimes the herd dies out.  Humans, thinking they are clever have resorted to killing their young versus excercising self control. One problem they are creating is a major imbalance as a few races abort themselves out of existance, others are mulitiplying in droves. The results should be quite comical. Some races think they are solving overpopulation problems, while others go at it and give no consideration to where their next meal is coming from much less of how to produce enough to feed nations after the clever ones have aborted themselves out of the picture. One group aborting itself into extinction, the other starving and diseasing and breeding themselves out. And all of them blaming some government entity for their woes.  Duh, I've been georged to death....
You think that because I don't want babies to be killed because of cold hearted irresponsblity of a female who places her social life over the safety of her child and that I demand the death of adults who choose murder as a tool as the resolution to a problem, that my beliefs are antiquated and I am pushing religion? Which verse did I quote?  Hoping to incite people to do what is right by not indulging in sex until they are prepared to care for the results is unreasonable? Your logic is a grand example of the moral nose dive we are in.  Animals breed for reproduction purposes and breeding is affected by their enviornment. When food is scarce due to weather or some other reason it effects the activity. When herds of animals overpopulate, the herd suffers even more. Sometimes the herd dies out.  Humans, thinking they are clever have resorted to killing their young versus excercising self control. One problem they are creating is a major imbalance as a few races abort themselves out of existance, others are mulitiplying in droves. The results should be quite comical. Some races think they are solving overpopulation problems, while others go at it and give no consideration to where their next meal is coming from much less of how to produce enough to feed nations after the clever ones have aborted themselves out of the picture. One group aborting itself into extinction, the other starving and diseasing and breeding themselves out. And all of them blaming some government entity for their woes.  Duh, I've been georged to death....  Other than within belief system dogma who places moral condemnation on sexual relations between two consenting adults who have no desire for reproduction?
You don't perceive an embryo to be a human life, but some people do.  Then good for them, but science shows that embryos are not children.     To both of you, this is reality, and it is based mostly on perception. Two people are looking at the same exact thing and they each see something different.  Oh, i misunderstood. Even still, am embryo is not scientifically a child.    You are completely wrong. You act as if people aren't in control of their actions. What on earth do you mean, "You can't just stop doing something."?  You are not in their circumstances and don't know what its like for them.      Everybody who has quit smoking cold turkey defies that statement, myself included.  Also same with everyone who hasn't. People are different, thats why we have choice. So the people who can quit go along their way, and the people that cant have an emergency safety net.       Then you turn around and say "...people can't just do things." Well,  which one is it? Is it people can't stop or can't do?  First things first, i don't "turn around". Second, its both.    Either way, you seek to absolve people of personal responsibility.  Not at all. I seek to protect people from burdens and forced opinons of others onto their own personal lives.      Maybe we should use this reasoning to excuse all human behavior? "Well, Bob isn't really a bad guy, he just couldn't manage to stop molesting those kids." People are responsible for what they do, and if the consequences of the behavior they choose leads to the creation of a new human life, they should not have the right to end it.  Of course not, but if that human life is living like a parasite off of someone else, and that person has no way of getting it off him/her except for an abortion, then they do. Anyone has a right to remove any parasitic infection or cancer from his/her body, no matter what kind of life it is.     Perhaps you are so young that sex seems exciting and new and you really think people can't help it. I assure you, they can.  Maybe so, but then how come abortion laws haven't worked before? How come many people have abortions each year? I doubt its just because their evil irresponsible people.
You didn't disprove anything. All you did was create new terms to the equation. You could have just as easily said "But what if each person was a cyclops?" If you add in your own conditions, you can make the equation anything you want. This entire expression hinges on the equality between exchanging one eye for another. "An eye for an eye" does not mean "maybe sometimes both eyes for both eyes."  I just disproved the whole thing! Fine, what would happen if I poked both of your eyes out? Its one eye for one eye.
If you poked both of my eyes out, you would still have two eyes. Therefore, "everyone" is not blind, just me. Besides, poking out both of my eyes is not trading an eye for an eye, as the expression outlines. Trust me, I am correct on this one. You are better off using the other cliche "Two wrongs don't make a right."  I believe I am right. If I trade you one apple for a banana, what would you give me if I traded you two apples. Well first lets examine the intention of the phrase. I believe he meant "And eye for an eye mentality can leave more people hurt than necessary.  Lets do this mathematically.  Let X= Eye poked out by criminal Let Y= Eye poked out by excecutioner or punisher or whatever. Let N= However many eyes are remaining   If x-y= 2 eyes, one from each person, then you can logically conclude that  if two eyes were put out by the criminal, then the equation would be  2(x-y)= N  If x-y=2, then you can logically conclude if that whole statement was doubled, then the answer would be 2x-2y=N, which would make x and y each two eyes and thus making the answer 4 eyes when the equation is doubled. 4 eyes would leave both persons blind unless a third party is envolved.
This statement is correct, though meaningless. I said an embryo is "a human life." You refute by saying an embryo is not a child.  If I'm not mistaken, we were talking about "murdering children".     There is no comparison here, as not all "human lives" are "children."  May I see some proof?     The fact that science doesn't consider an embryo a child doesn't mean an embryo isn't a human life.  Are you purposely trying to confuse me? You just said that a human life IS a child.       Nobody knows what it is like to be anybody else. Does this mean we should eliminate all laws, as we shouldn't have the right to enforce any laws on people when we don't understand what it is like to be in their situation?  Of course not, but the line must be drawn somewhere. Abortion criminalization goes waay too far.        That's fine for smoking. However, I don't agree that ending a human life should be a valid "emergency safety net" in this case.  It really depends on what kind of human life. As in, a kidney is a human life, but so am I. What we need to determine is, which is an embryo?       It is too bad that you think an embryo in a state you lived through is a "burden" and a "parasite" that should be treated like an "infection or cancer."  Whats the problem. It meets the defonition of both, regardless of your goody two shoes opinion.    The thing that really puzzles me is you are against late-term abortion. This means that there is actually a specific moment in time when an embryo transforms from a parasitic lump of DNA to a human being with rights, in your opinion.  Yes. When it develops intelligence, it is a human being and can be consider a person. Even if it has a very tiny shread of intelligence, it is then that it becomes a sentinent being that can be treated with rights.
Other than within belief system dogma who places moral condemnation on sexual relations between two consenting adults who have no desire for reproduction?   Should I consider this an answer?  Holding people responsible for their actions has nothing to do with "dogma". It has to do with right and wrong.  Consenting adults who do not take into consideration that their actions may put at least the female involved in their encounter in the position to have to decide one way or another to welcome and care for or kill the child that sex "always" has the potential to create deserve some judgement. If they are not prepared to parent the result, they deserve whatever scorn they recieve and in todays society they will not recieve enough of that.  I reserve condemnation for how they chose to deal with the life they create.
Should I consider this an answer?  Holding people responsible for their actions has nothing to do with "dogma". It has to do with right and wrong.  Consenting adults who do not take into consideration that their actions may put at least the female involved in their encounter in the position to have to decide one way or another to welcome and care for or kill the child that sex "always" has the potential to create deserve some judgement. If they are not prepared to parent the result, they deserve whatever scorn they recieve and in todays society they will not recieve enough of that.  I reserve condemnation for how they chose to deal with the life they create.  Our difference of opinion is based on your definition of an embryo as a child while I consider an embryo a mass of cells parasitically dependent on the woman's body. I consider a woman's prerogative to terminate an undesired pregnancy as her right while your opinion seems to be that it's a woman's duty to bring an undesired pregnancy to term and bear the responsibility of raising a child. Close?
Our difference of opinion is based on your definition of an embryo as a child while I consider an embryo a mass of cells parasitically dependent on the woman's body. I consider a woman's prerogative to terminate an undesired pregnancy as her right while your opinion seems to be that it's a woman's duty to bring an undesired pregnancy to term and bear the responsibility of raising a child. Close?   Very. There are consequences to every action. Yes, I do consider it a woman's duty to tend to the innocent victim of her actions. Were the child unwanted, she should have refrained from the activity that causes it. I find it reprehensible that society considers the life of a child expendable and makes excuses for irresponsible people. I have even less respect for a man who allows his partner to consider this action.  Society that accepts, makes excuses for the cruelty of parents who kill their children for convenience sake wonders why fathers abandon their children for convenience sake, leaving children to be raised as best a woman can, often leading to problem people.  Point? The more negative actions that society condones and excuses the more negative effects on all of society.
Very. There are consequences to every action. Yes, I do consider it a woman's duty to tend to the innocent victim of her actions. Were the child unwanted, she should have refrained from the activity that causes it. I find it reprehensible that society considers the life of a child expendable and makes excuses for irresponsible people. I have even less respect for a man who allows his partner to consider this action.  Society that accepts, makes excuses for the cruelty of parents who kill their children for convenience sake wonders why fathers abandon their children for convenience sake, leaving children to be raised as best a woman can, often leading to problem people.  Point? The more negative actions that society condones and excuses the more negative effects on all of society.  I still don't understand who these "children" are. There are no children being killed, and killing a child is murder in America. I really don't understand which children are dying, could you please specify?
I still don't understand who these "children" are. There are no children being killed, and killing a child is murder in America. I really don't understand which children are dying, could you please specify?  I do not indulge in the act of defining when a child becomes a child since I need no "excuse" to commit an act that would prevent whatever you chose to call it from becoming a living being.   It is not my desire to condemn women who society has brainwashed to believe that they are not "killing" when they opt to end the lives of what, if left alone would be children.   Abortion is legal in America. It occurs well after the 20 weeks science has declared the child a child.   Former President Clinton supports partial birth abortions. I'm sure you know the details.
I do not indulge in the act of defining when a child becomes a child since I need no "excuse" to commit an act that would prevent whatever you chose to call it from becoming a living being.  Great. With that logic I can start calling seeds children.     It is not my desire to condemn women who society has brainwashed to believe that they are not "killing" when they opt to end the lives of what, if left alone would be children.  Au Contraire. The only people who are brainwashed are those who thing an embryo is more important than a woman.     Abortion is legal in America. It occurs well after the 20 weeks science has declared the child a child.   Former President Clinton supports partial birth abortions. I'm sure you know the details.  So? I do not, and thats that.
1. Great. With that logic I can start calling seeds children.  2. Au Contraire. The only people who are brainwashed are those who thing an embryo is more important than a woman.  3. So? I do not, and thats that.  1. The point was, if you don't commit acts that result in "stopping" the growth proccess, you don't have to "define" when a baby becomes a baby.  2. Really? Which came first? Having babies no matter the circumstances of conception? Or aborting them?  3. So, acceptance of low standards easily excused are followed by even lower standards.
1. The point was, if you don't commit acts that result in "stopping" the growth proccess, you don't have to "define" when a baby becomes a baby.  You do, or many people will suffer.     2. Really? Which came first? Having babies no matter the circumstances of conception? Or aborting them?  3. So, acceptance of low standards easily excused are followed by even lower standards.   2. What is that supposed to mean? 3. Are you talking about pro-lifers standards for women?
 1. You do, or many people will suffer. 2. What is that supposed to mean? 3. Are you talking about pro-lifers standards for women?  1. Suffer from what? Raising their babies? Parenthood is not an easy thing. People would be well advised to "think" before indulging in the activities that create children. Not killing children would remove the necessity to define when they become babies.  2. You claim that people opposed to destroying babies are brainwashed.  In the beginning of man, until the day came that man realized that killing his off spring in the womb was possible, people would likely have been appalled at the suggestion. Bringing it to a point of social acceptance required convincing the masses that thier selfish desires took priority over the life of a child. Talk about brainwashing.  3. I'm talking about life and humanity's ability to step down a notch over issues that at one time, integrity was all it took decide a matter.  Apply it to whatever social issue you like.
1. Suffer from what? Raising their babies? Parenthood is not an easy thing. People would be well advised to "think" before indulging in the activities that create children. Not killing children would remove the necessity to define when they become babies.  2. You claim that people opposed to destroying babies are brainwashed.  In the beginning of man, until the day came that man realized that killing his off spring in the womb was possible, people would likely have been appalled at the suggestion. Bringing it to a point of social acceptance required convincing the masses that thier selfish desires took priority over the life of a child. Talk about brainwashing.  3. I'm talking about life and humanity's ability to step down a notch over issues that at one time, integrity was all it took decide a matter.  Apply it to whatever social issue you like.  What about centuries of midwifes and attendants aborting deformed and unwanted children at birth (including the US) because they would be unable to work or starve to death? Or tribal systems where portions from natural ingredients terminated early pregnancies?   What level of social acceptance would that be?
What about centuries of midwifes and attendants aborting deformed and unwanted children at birth (including the US) because they would be unable to work or starve to death? Or tribal systems where portions from natural ingredients terminated early pregnancies?   What level of social acceptance would that be?  Pretty low on the pole. Unless defined in the second half of the 20th or the beginning of the 21st centuries. Prior to the 1960's, society punished murder in whatever form it took.
Pretty low on the pole. Unless defined in the second half of the 20th or the beginning of the 21st centuries. Prior to the 1960's, society punished murder in whatever form it took.  Those actions were well accepted by their own societies, again including the US, with no fanfare, publicity or subsequent moral judgment. Prior to abortion becoming legal in the US Mexico, S. America and the Caribbean all offered private abortion clinics which were frequented mostly by Americans. Those who couldn't afford to use facilities in other countries always found US doctors willing to perform abortions.  Abortion has always been available and utilized by most all societies, underground for the US until legalization, but still utilized. If Christian belief system dogmatic condemnation of abortion wasn't such a significant factor in the controversy, do you believe the issue would attract the attention it currently receives?
1. Those actions were well accepted by their own societies, again including the US, with no fanfare, publicity or subsequent moral judgment. Prior to abortion becoming legal in the US Mexico, S. America and the Caribbean all offered private abortion clinics which were frequented mostly by Americans. Those who couldn't afford to use facilities in other countries always found US doctors willing to perform abortions.  2. Abortion has always been available and utilized by most all societies, underground for the US until legalization, but still utilized. If Christian belief system dogmatic condemnation of abortion wasn't such a significant factor in the controversy, do you believe the issue would attract the attention it currently receives?  1. As I stated. Not in the U.S.. The cost of abortion included the price of travel. I of course do not deny the practice has long existed. But common acceptance is another story.  2. I believe that the moral fiber that exist that causes people to feel distain at the act of killing the innocent is generated out of them. Not dogma.  People who use religion as a reason to not support the activity most likely would not support it anyway. As they see the child as a victim of a choice by self centered people or whatever other convenient excuse can be mustered.
1. Suffer from what? Raising their babies? Parenthood is not an easy thing. People would be well advised to "think" before indulging in the activities that create children. Not killing children would remove the necessity to define when they become babies.  You imply that this is a black and white issue, and that the answer to abortion is to just stop having sex. YOU DON'T KNOW EVERY WOMEN'S CIRCUMSTANCES, and you are in no position to tell them what is right or wrong. For some people, you can't just stop having sex. Sometimes their judgement is impaired (young or drunk) and therefore cannot be held responsible.          2. You claim that people opposed to destroying babies are brainwashed.  Exhibit A, your honor. Claiming embryos and zygotes are "babies" when they're far from it. Calling an embryo a baby is like calling a plant an animal. It doesn't work, and its a failing attempt to anthropomorphise an embryo. We're not buying it, and you've only proven further that you have no knowledge of the scientific side of this debate, thus proving you are brainwashed.     In the beginning of man, until the day came that man realized that killing his off spring in the womb was possible, people would likely have been appalled at the suggestion.  You are correct, and do you know why? Because back then, the human species was fighting to survive. We needed as much babies as possible. But in the present time, we are actually starting to have an overpopulation problem. The only reason for opposing abortion would be that it endangeres the human species, but that is not the case now, and I have no idea why any intelligent human being would still think in those terms.       Bringing it to a point of social acceptance required convincing the masses that thier selfish desires took priority over the life of a child. Talk about brainwashing.  Exhibit B and C, your honor. Trivializing pregnancy and referring to an embryo as a "child". With the first point, why do you assume terminating an unwanted pregnancy is "selfish"? An unwanted pregnancy can destroy someone's life, its not just a matter of convenience. Aborting is a wise decision sometimes. Yes, i admit sometimes its not, but most of the time it is, and most women are glad they did. They can move forward, and live their lives now, and a zygote is a small price to pay for someone's well being. Women who do are very brave, in my opinion. They have to walk past the evil pro-life protesters and put herself over other people's hypocritical forced morals, and ignore the pro-life men attempting to violate her body by forcing her to have babies.  Sometimes when i see those pro-life protesters, it makes me want to spray every single one of of them with a paintball gun. Ok, i admit that you guys are not brainwashed, the word is unenlightened.       3. I'm talking about life and humanity's ability to step down a notch over issues that at one time, integrity was all it took decide a matter.  Apply it to whatever social issue you like.   I don't follow you here. Are you attempting to anthropmorphise the fetus again. We live in a society which has set so low expectations for humanity, to the point of pointing to a zygote, then pointing to a human and calling them equal. Why? What is so important, scientifically, about a zygote that makes it a human all of a sudden. Leave your religion and your morals out of it. Scientifically.
Pretty low on the pole. Unless defined in the second half of the 20th or the beginning of the 21st centuries. Prior to the 1960's, society punished murder in whatever form it took.  People were pretty crazy back then. We weren't the most enlightened society. Now, we are much smarter, and we have allowed women one of their fundamental rights. And, if you mean "punishing murder in whatever form it took" the way i think you mean it, then that logic can mean: Weed pulling is murder, bug squishing in murder, hunting is murder, fishing is murder, tree cutting is murder, forgetting to water your plants is murder, taking antibiotics is murder, eating meat is murder, in fact, eating anything is murder. And if you meant "punishing murder in whatever form in took" the intelligent way, you would mean: murdering black people is murder, murdering women is murder, murdering children is murder, murdering asian people is murder, or murdering anyone based on their race, sex, or size is murder. If you think removing a zygote parasite is murder then maybe you should rethink your logic.
1. As I stated. Not in the U.S.. The cost of abortion included the price of travel. I of course do not deny the practice has long existed. But common acceptance is another story.  2. I believe that the moral fiber that exist that causes people to feel distain at the act of killing the innocent is generated out of them. Not dogma.  People who use religion as a reason to not support the activity most likely would not support it anyway. As they see the child as a victim of a choice by self centered people or whatever other convenient excuse can be mustered.  And you say I'm brainwashed...
1. You imply that this is a black and white issue, and that the answer to abortion is to just stop having sex. YOU DON'T KNOW EVERY WOMEN'S CIRCUMSTANCES, and you are in no position to tell them what is right or wrong. For some people, you can't just stop having sex. Sometimes their judgement is impaired (young or drunk) and therefore cannot be held responsible.  2. Exhibit A, your honor. Claiming embryos and zygotes are "babies" when they're far from it. Calling an embryo a baby is like calling a plant an animal. It doesn't work, and its a failing attempt to anthropomorphise an embryo. We're not buying it, and you've only proven further that you have no knowledge of the scientific side of this debate, thus proving you are brainwashed.  3. You are correct, and do you know why? Because back then, the human species was fighting to survive. We needed as much babies as possible. But in the present time, we are actually starting to have an overpopulation problem. The only reason for opposing abortion would be that it endangeres the human species, but that is not the case now, and I have no idea why any intelligent human being would still think in those terms.  4. Exhibit B and C, your honor. Trivializing pregnancy and referring to an embryo as a "child". With the first point, why do you assume terminating an unwanted pregnancy is "selfish"? An unwanted pregnancy can destroy someone's life, its not just a matter of convenience. Aborting is a wise decision sometimes. Yes, i admit sometimes its not, but most of the time it is, and most women are glad they did. They can move forward, and live their lives now, and a zygote is a small price to pay for someone's well being. Women who do are very brave, in my opinion. They have to walk past the evil pro-life protesters and put herself over other people's hypocritical forced morals, and ignore the pro-life men attempting to violate her body by forcing her to have babies.  5. Sometimes when i see those pro-life protesters, it makes me want to spray every single one of of them with a paintball gun. Ok, i admit that you guys are not brainwashed, the word is unenlightened.  6. I don't follow you here. Are you attempting to anthropmorphise the fetus again. We live in a society which has set so low expectations for humanity, to the point of pointing to a zygote, then pointing to a human and calling them equal. Why? What is so important, scientifically, about a zygote that makes it a human all of a sudden. Leave your religion and your morals out of it. Scientifically.  1/2. It is black and white. If you're not ready to do what people do naturally when conceiving a child don't do what causes them. People can drink and have sex and that makes killing a child excusable?  You only call them "zygotes" when you don't want the weight of guilt around your neck.  3. Agreed. Why would people indulge in the activities, drunk or sober that add to the problems of the world around them. When wondering about decisions of intelligent folks, you may include holding people responsible for their actions instead of holding society responsible for having to decide right and wrong for them.  4. Define someone's life being ruined please. The mother in this case, ignore the child for now.  5. Why would I be surprised that you would shoot people when killing a child seems acceptable to you?  6. By the way, please point out in any post of mine religion or God mentioned as a reason for anything. Also, be advised that I do not wish to legislate against abortion. I would however legislate that girls in the care of their parents can not have an abortion without the express written permission of her parents and that no tax dollars ever pay for the extermination of victims. Or zygotes if it makes you feel cleaner.
1)If you think this is a black and white issue then I feel you are not qualified for this debate.   3)I honestly don't know why people engage in stupid activities, however the point is they do, and not much except education can change that. Thats one of the reasons i think almost all pro-lifers are arrogant hypocrytes. They do not do ANYTHING to reduce the number of abortions, they only condemn women, when ironically most of the pro-lifers are men, which makes it VERY hypocritical. Why aren't you donating to the poor girls and women who are plauged with an unwanted pregnancy? They may not abort if they receive financial support. And your second point is completely preposterous. Punishing women for getting pregnant? Thats absurd, and what about the kid? "Hi, I'm here because my Mom needed to be punished" sounds like a real nice purpose for being in this world doesn't it?  4) Someone's life being ruined would essentially mean someone's future being destroyed. Having catastrophic emotional and physical effects, long and short term. And example would be like you being convicted of a feloy and being sentanced to 5 years in prison would pretty much ruin your life, having a felony behind your name not to mention the catastrophic psychological aftermath of being imprisoned.  5)First of all, don't try dramatization, I play paintball and I'm not dead am I? Second, I do not advocate the murder of children, period. Lets get that straight for now, because you keep bringing up that malicious strawman.   6) I never said you had. This if for future referance to you and other debaters nothing more. Also, I agree with your first point. I personally think abortion is a horrible practice, as the ending of any life is horrible. However legislation is preposterous. Secondly, why would you make girls get permission from their parents? Wouldn't that be another civil rights violation, one of privacy? Not to mention the abusive parents out there. I know girls that would commit suicide before their parents found out if they were pregnant. I really see no reason for a legislation of this kind, as I see much more harm than good that can come from it, not to mention the destruction of civil rights. It would be in the Girl's best interests if this legislation wasn't passed.
1)If you think this is a black and white issue then I feel you are not qualified for this debate.  3)I honestly don't know why people engage in stupid activities, however the point is they do, and not much except education can change that. Thats one of the reasons i think almost all pro-lifers are arrogant hypocrytes. They do not do ANYTHING to reduce the number of abortions, they only condemn women, when ironically most of the pro-lifers are men, which makes it VERY hypocritical. Why aren't you donating to the poor girls and women who are plauged with an unwanted pregnancy? They may not abort if they receive financial support. And your second point is completely preposterous. Punishing women for getting pregnant? Thats absurd, and what about the kid? "Hi, I'm here because my Mom needed to be punished" sounds like a real nice purpose for being in this world doesn't it?  4) Someone's life being ruined would essentially mean someone's future being destroyed. Having catastrophic emotional and physical effects, long and short term. And example would be like you being convicted of a feloy and being sentanced to 5 years in prison would pretty much ruin your life, having a felony behind your name not to mention the catastrophic psychological aftermath of being imprisoned.  5)First of all, don't try dramatization, I play paintball and I'm not dead am I? Second, I do not advocate the murder of children, period. Lets get that straight for now, because you keep bringing up that malicious strawman.  6) I never said you had. This if for future referance to you and other debaters nothing more. Also, I agree with your first point. I personally think abortion is a horrible practice, as the ending of any life is horrible. However legislation is preposterous. Secondly, why would you make girls get permission from their parents? Wouldn't that be another civil rights violation, one of privacy? Not to mention the abusive parents out there. I know girls that would commit suicide before their parents found out if they were pregnant. I really see no reason for a legislation of this kind, as I see much more harm than good that can come from it, not to mention the destruction of civil rights. It would be in the Girl's best interests if this legislation wasn't passed.  1. Attacking debate qualifications has the appearance of desperation. Of course, all who can talk or type are qualified. Hopefully they can spell and express their ideas in a legible manner. Or was that meant to be a dismissal because we disagree?   2. People do stupid things because they are people. Those actions that become accepted by society as "the norm" such as giving those who indulge in sex before they are prepared to parent a pass can not be reduced if they are considered acceptable. As it is made clear to people that the answer to a child before you are ready is simply to dispose of it.  Teenage girls are apprentices in life. They should be studying and socializing in preparation for life as an adult. When they opt to indulge in adult activities that are adult, the price is difficult. My donation to the stupid is advise.  Don't play if you don't want to pay. Expecting one's neighbors to pay for stupidity simply exposes stupidity. Problems do not get solved by lowering standards. They get solved by holding people responsible.  3. The idea that one's life is ruined because they made the mistake of sexing before they are prepared to love and nourish the product of their action exposes a lack of vision. They should be counciled to have a positive outlook on life. And accepting responsibility will bring acceptance of themselves as a good human. This is over simplification but it is reality.  4. Ok. Guilty. Sorry. 5. You often suggest that people's motives are based on religion. A form of dismissing their opinion as the effects of brainwashing. An easy out, popular among folks who resort to belittling another's level of intelligence because they disagree.  I support a parent's right to parent. The only aspect of #6 that I have not addressed is the problem of children afraid of their parents. Often, parents give children reason to be fearful. Fear of punishment for making mistakes is a good thing. As previously stated, apprentices of life. As one who would defend the life of a "Cygote" I too believe that abusive parents should face justice. Dealing with the real problems of society requires much more effort than simply scraping away what would be life.
I am pro-choice (I limit it at around the third trimester where mental existance comes into play). I am generally against the death penalty, however, I would support a "pro-choice" view on the death penalty: In a case that would normally get the death penalty, allow the inmate a choice between the death penalty and life in prison without possibility of parole. I personally think that some of them will actually choose the death penalty (especially those who have raped and murdered children).
1. Attacking debate qualifications has the appearance of desperation. Of course, all who can talk or type are qualified. Hopefully they can spell and express their ideas in a legible manner. Or was that meant to be a dismissal because we disagree?  I'm just saying, not many people, pro-life or pro-choice, think that it is a black and white issue. Most would agree that it would be quite ignorant to call it such.     2. People do stupid things because they are people. Those actions that become accepted by society as "the norm" such as giving those who indulge in sex before they are prepared to parent a pass can not be reduced if they are considered acceptable.  Sex is not a privelage for people who want to have children. Studies have shown that sex is a healthy part of a working relationship, married or nonmarried whether you like it or not. You're going a little to extreme with your "holding everyone responsible for everything" ideas. If I knit a scarf, does that make me responsible for the scarf because I "indulged in knitting before i'm prepared to handle a scarf"? I can sure as hell throw that scarf away or stop knitting it if I don't like it. Is it really my fault that I got hit by an out of control bus because I stepped out of my door? That would be absurd. Was it the people in the world trade center's fault that they were attacked because THEY took the risk of entering a skyscraper? You're going way to far with this "responsibilities holding".     As it is made clear to people that the answer to a child before you are ready is simply to dispose of it.  Teenage girls are apprentices in life. They should be studying and socializing in preparation for life as an adult.  Unfortunately, they are not your little slaves. They are human beings with free will, and can do what they please as long as its not against the law. What they SHOULD do and COULD do are two different things.    When they opt to indulge in adult activities that are adult, the price is difficult.  Scientifically, they are not really adult activities. Evolutionarily, they are perfectly able to have sex at this age, and that was really how we were intended to be made. Now of course, the human species is not in danger and there is really no need for it, however it is not as bad as religious nuts painted it to be.      My donation to the stupid is advise.  They are not stupid, many are actually very intelligent and have reasons for what they did. You can't just assume that everyone who has sex is stupid, because you don't know everyone's circumstances. If you did, then I would honor your opinion, but you don't, and that just makes you a further hypocryte. The fact that you do not want to donate to these poor, needy people only shows me that you really do not care about the embryos. You would rather make the poor people suffer than save the embryos, as you are pro-death penalty too.    Don't play if you don't want to pay.  Pay what? If I had sex, I would refuse to pay anything. Sex is not something you "pay" for, just as you don't "pay" for Knitting, sculpting, painting, or anything. You can throw your work away if you do not like the way it works, and are under no obligation to keep it. That was just put upon women by catholic bigots and hypocrytes.     Expecting one's neighbors to pay for stupidity simply exposes stupidity. Problems do not get solved by lowering standards. They get solved by holding people responsible.  And not doing anything about the problem, just sitting in your chair and condemning poor women and calling them stupid without helping them is absurd. It shows you care nothing of the embryo or the woman.     3. The idea that one's life is ruined because they made the mistake of sexing before they are prepared to love and nourish the product of their action exposes a lack of vision.  How? Sex is only bad if you make it bad. You are making it a bad thing by criminalizing abortion. If it wasn't criminalized, it wouldn't be a bad thing. In reality, its not a bad thing unless you wish it to be. I do not wish it to be a bad thing, and i think that the individual should have the most freedom possible without harming anyone else over their own bodies, and that includes sex. Sex is not a bad thing, it is not something that people should be punished for it if they do it too early. It is a romantic way of recreation with someone you love. It does not have to be pro creating 100% of the time, unless you wish to bestow that burdon upon the people who do not want children. Wait a minute, aren't parents supposed to be responsible? Why are you choosing so called "irresponsible" people to be parents? Don't you think thats a bit stupid?     They should be counciled to have a positive outlook on life.  In other words: Brainwashing them with christian values.    And accepting responsibility will bring acceptance of themselves as a good human. This is over simplification but it is reality.  I would agree with you if they did anything wrong, or anything that they needed to take responsibility for, but the fact is, they don't. Just because you view it as something wrong, doesn't mean they do.    5. You often suggest that people's motives are based on religion.  Mostly because the majority of pro-lifers are religious.   A form of dismissing their opinion as the effects of brainwashing. An easy out, popular among folks who resort to belittling another's level of intelligence because they disagree.  I am not dismissing their opinions or using an "easy out". However, religious ideas are baseless, and in no way can be used in any argument effectively. Most ideas such as "embryos are people" and "sex is wrong before marrige" are basically religious ideas, with no base.     I support a parent's right to parent. The only aspect of #6 that I have not addressed is the problem of children afraid of their parents. Often, parents give children reason to be fearful. Fear of punishment for making mistakes is a good thing.  That is true, but abuse is never warrented either. Also, girls should not fear punishment for getting pregnant, that is their right. If they wish to tell their parents then thats fine, however it is their right to privacy on something so delicate as this.     As previously stated, apprentices of life. As one who would defend the life of a "Cygote" I too believe that abusive parents should face justice. Dealing with the real problems of society requires much more effort than simply scraping away what would be life.  I agree, however if you really want to reduce the number of abuses then I would never force girls to reveal their deepest darkest secrets to their parents before having an abortion. And we wonder why teens commit the highest number of suicides than any other age group?
And for the record, yes, i would limit third trimester abortions because of mental existance. It is then it becomes a human being, and not just a water sack.
And for the record, yes, i would limit third trimester abortions because of mental existance. It is then it becomes a human being, and not just a water sack.  Yeah, it really seems to me as the most logical place to put the limit. After all, absence of brain activity is considered legally dead in the medical field, so the start of brain activity should be the requirement for them to be legally alive.
 1. I'm just saying, not many people, pro-life or pro-choice, think that it is a black and white issue. Most would agree that it would be quite ignorant to call it such.  2. Sex is not a privelage for people who want to have children. Studies have shown that sex is a healthy part of a working relationship, married or nonmarried whether you like it or not. You're going a little to extreme with your "holding everyone responsible for everything" ideas. If I knit a scarf, does that make me responsible for the scarf because I "indulged in knitting before i'm prepared to handle a scarf"? I can sure as hell throw that scarf away or stop knitting it if I don't like it. Is it really my fault that I got hit by an out of control bus because I stepped out of my door? That would be absurd. Was it the people in the world trade center's fault that they were attacked because THEY took the risk of entering a skyscraper? You're going way to far with this "responsibilities holding".  3. Unfortunately, they are not your little slaves. They are human beings with free will, and can do what they please as long as its not against the law. What they SHOULD do and COULD do are two different things.  4. Scientifically, they are not really adult activities. Evolutionarily, they are perfectly able to have sex at this age, and that was really how we were intended to be made. Now of course, the human species is not in danger and there is really no need for it, however it is not as bad as religious nuts painted it to be.  5. They are not stupid, many are actually very intelligent and have reasons for what they did. You can't just assume that everyone who has sex is stupid, because you don't know everyone's circumstances. If you did, then I would honor your opinion, but you don't, and that just makes you a further hypocryte. The fact that you do not want to donate to these poor, needy people only shows me that you really do not care about the embryos. You would rather make the poor people suffer than save the embryos, as you are pro-death penalty too.  6. Pay what? If I had sex, I would refuse to pay anything. Sex is not something you "pay" for, just as you don't "pay" for Knitting, sculpting, painting, or anything. You can throw your work away if you do not like the way it works, and are under no obligation to keep it. That was just put upon women by catholic bigots and hypocrytes.  7. And not doing anything about the problem, just sitting in your chair and condemning poor women and calling them stupid without helping them is absurd. It shows you care nothing of the embryo or the woman.  8.How? Sex is only bad if you make it bad. You are making it a bad thing by criminalizing abortion. If it wasn't criminalized, it wouldn't be a bad thing. In reality, its not a bad thing unless you wish it to be. I do not wish it to be a bad thing, and i think that the individual should have the most freedom possible without harming anyone else over their own bodies, and that includes sex. Sex is not a bad thing, it is not something that people should be punished for it if they do it too early. It is a romantic way of recreation with someone you love. It does not have to be pro creating 100% of the time, unless you wish to bestow that burdon upon the people who do not want children. Wait a minute, aren't parents supposed to be responsible? Why are you choosing so called "irresponsible" people to be parents? Don't you think thats a bit stupid?  9. In other words: Brainwashing them with christian values.  10. I would agree with you if they did anything wrong, or anything that they needed to take responsibility for, but the fact is, they don't. Just because you view it as something wrong, doesn't mean they do.  11. Mostly because the majority of pro-lifers are religious.  12. I am not dismissing their opinions or using an "easy out". However, religious ideas are baseless, and in no way can be used in any argument effectively. Most ideas such as "embryos are people" and "sex is wrong before marrige" are basically religious ideas, with no base.  13. That is true, but abuse is never warrented either. Also, girls should not fear punishment for getting pregnant, that is their right. If they wish to tell their parents then thats fine, however it is their right to privacy on something so delicate as this.  14. I agree, however if you really want to reduce the number of abuses then I would never force girls to reveal their deepest darkest secrets to their parents before having an abortion. And we wonder why teens commit the highest number of suicides than any other age group?  1. It is black and white. Either you believe in it or not. If you do, you are burdened with making the excuses for it.  2. You're weird. You just gave the answer of a 12 year old who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  3. Children are not the slaves of adults, they are kiddies. Adults must feed and clothe and house them and attempt to teach them right from wrong. Part of that process is punishment for being bad. Which includes having sex when the little twerp can't support the child.  4. If a child can not provide for itself, it has no business having sex. Of course it is physically capable but, it needs to be mentally capable as well. Kiddies are not capable. But you know that. All you care about is that they be allowed to dispose of the result and that someone beside them pay for it.  5. Lol. You're weird. You think I should personally donate money to girls who have sex and are not capable of paying for an abortion or support themselves? How many of these girls do you support? You don't consider the fact that I pay taxes as enough? Clarify for me my hypocritical statement please.  6. Lesson: If you wanna play, you gotta pay.....Refers to the fact that if you do something, there will always be a price to pay. In this case the price is either the burden of loving and nourishing a child made from love or exterminating it and suffering, for the rest of one's life, doubts about the decency of yourself.  7. Calm down. Check your pulse. Take a deep breath. You'll be ok.  8. I can't make sense of your statement. Was it a response to something I said?  9. Wow. No, by showing them that being pregnant and not disposing of the child does not "ruin" their lives.  10. Putting themselves in the position to have to choose an action that will kill or make themselves feel worse about themselves is wrong. If you deny that, you are simply arguing so as to feel superior.  11. That answer makes you no more correct in your accusation.  12. "I am not dismissing their opinions or using an "easy out"." The statement you follow this with does exactly that. Dismisses.  13. You think that a girl, living under her father and mother's roof. Eating their food, using their utilities, wearing clothes provided by them, driving their vehicles has the right to have sex and an abortion without informing them?  Who, pray tell should pay for this abortion? Tax payers? Or the suckers you want to donate to these poor helpless people?  14. I don't wonder why teens commit suicide. I know.  Teens commit suicide for the same reason moronic adults commit suicide.  Self centered pathetic visionless wimps.
1. It is black and white. Either you believe in it or not. If you do, you are burdened with making the excuses for it.  5. Lol. You're weird. You think I should personally donate money to girls who have sex and are not capable of paying for an abortion or support themselves? How many of these girls do you support? You don't consider the fact that I pay taxes as enough? Clarify for me my hypocritical statement please.  6. Lesson: If you wanna play, you gotta pay.....Refers to the fact that if you do something, there will always be a price to pay. In this case the price is either the burden of loving and nourishing a child made from love or exterminating it and suffering, for the rest of one's life, doubts about the decency of yourself.   1. If you beleive it is black and white then you are delusional.  5. Well, you seem to expect them to follow your view and raise a child they cannot afford to raise, so you should be willing to help them out.  6. Wow, now you want to use pregnancy as a punishment? Shame on you, that's disgusting. Let me guess: You're male, relatively well off, and call yourself a Christian. How close am I?  Expanding my view on my pro-choice position, I have had an abortion myself, and while it was a hard decision to make, it was MY decision, and always should be. It should always be the woman's decision, and you should not try to take away that free will from us.
  Expanding my view on my pro-choice position, I have had an abortion myself, and while it was a hard decision to make, it was MY decision, and always should be. It should always be the woman's decision, and you should not try to take away that free will from us.  The law allows the activity. It is not my goal to legislate against your right to make your decision. I simply have an opinion about it. Your decision is your's to live with. Good luck.
What does any of this have to do with the death penalty? I just came from the abortion forum and there is the same discussion there. Can we get back on track here?  Sorry, comparisons of attitudes that decry the death penalty while demanding the right to kill babies came up and it snowballed.
1. It is black and white. Either you believe in it or not. If you do, you are burdened with making the excuses for it.  I see we are getting nowhere with this.     2. You're weird. You just gave the answer of a 12 year old who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  Thats your answer to anyone who refutes your odd beliefs? I don't get it, even when I was 12, I couldn't eat cookies. I cannot believe that you've failed to refute that simple argument, I could've see you taking me down piece by piece as that is one of my weaker arguments. But no, Gman gives the "you got caught" fallacy and ops out. Oh well.    3. Children are not the slaves of adults, they are kiddies. Adults must feed and clothe and house them and attempt to teach them right from wrong. Part of that process is punishment for being bad. Which includes having sex when the little twerp can't support the child.  May I remind you we're talking about a 14-18 year old here and not a 10 year old kid? If someone cannot support the child, then why not have an abortion? Wait a minute, i have an article for you:  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15173072/site/newsweek/     4. If a child can not provide for itself, it has no business having sex. Of course it is physically capable but, it needs to be mentally capable as well.  Of course, but many kids are not well educated, and will do it anyway.     Kiddies are not capable. But you know that. All you care about is that they be allowed to dispose of the result  and that someone beside them pay for it.  Partially correct, however no one pays for an abortion, except maybe the patient's money to the doctor. Why is it so important to you that they have a kid. They were irresponsible having sex, they cannot bear a child, so why the hell should they be parents?    5. Lol. You're weird. You think I should personally donate money to girls who have sex and are not capable of paying for an abortion or support themselves?  No, you misunderstood. I'm saying if you really cared about the embryo, you would do something to reduce abortions. One of those things would be to donate money to the poor girls who cannot support children financially, because if they recieve money, they most likely will not abort, and care for the child. But then again, opting out by calling them "stupid" shows that you in fact do not care about an embryo.      How many of these girls do you support? You don't consider the fact that I pay taxes as enough? Clarify for me my hypocritical statement please.  I don't support them because I'm 14 and I don't plan on reducing the number of abortions. You on the other hand...     6. Lesson: If you wanna play, you gotta pay.....Refers to the fact that if you do something, there will always be a price to pay.  Yes, but why? Why should there be a price to pay? Doesn't paying a price hurt someone, and is that really what we want? We don't want any girls or women to get hurt if they don't have to. Second, since when was pregnancy a punishment.     In this case the price is either the burden of loving and nourishing a child made from love or exterminating it and suffering, for the rest of one's life, doubts about the decency of yourself.  Wrong. Studies have actually shown that people regret having the kid much more than they do having an abortion. Many women do not regret having and abortion, and never will, however most women with unwanted pregnancies do regret having their kids. Where did you get that crazy idea?      7. Calm down. Check your pulse. Take a deep breath. You'll be ok.  Opt out #2. I'll give you one more chance to answer this post.     8. I can't make sense of your statement. Was it a response to something I said?  First of all, welcome to my world. Second, you just opted out yet again. Why can't you reply to these simple posts?    9. Wow. No, by showing them that being pregnant and not disposing of the child does not "ruin" their lives.  Please, tell me how you propose to do that.     10. Putting themselves in the position to have to choose an action that will kill or make themselves feel worse about themselves is wrong. If you deny that, you are simply arguing so as to feel superior.  Where is your common sense? A large percentage of women who have abortions do not regret it, and are actually glad they did it. I don't understand what the heck you're talking about here.    11. That answer makes you no more correct in your accusation.  Does it? How does it make me no more correct?    12. "I am not dismissing their opinions or using an "easy out"." The statement you follow this with does exactly that. Dismisses.  The irony is killing me.    13. You think that a girl, living under her father and mother's roof. Eating their food, using their utilities, wearing clothes provided by them, driving their vehicles has the right to have sex and an abortion without informing them?  Who, pray tell should pay for this abortion? Tax payers? Or the suckers you want to donate to these poor helpless people?  I don't understand the majority of that statement, however i can make out some. Just because you live with someone and they're taking care of you, doesn't give them the right to own you. They are still human beings, and even though their parents are providing for them, they still have no right to steal away all of someone else's liberty.     14. I don't wonder why teens commit suicide. I know.  Teens commit suicide for the same reason moronic adults commit suicide.  Self centered pathetic visionless wimps.  Wow, that was cold. Maybe you should get to know some of these depressed teenagers before you call them "pathetic". How many suicidal teenagers do you know?
What does any of this have to do with the death penalty? I just came from the abortion forum and there is the same discussion there. Can we get back on track here?  Its actually very relevant to the death penalty, as to people who would excecute a person but who would save a fertilized egg. That to me, is a huge contradiction.
  No, you misunderstood. I'm saying if you really cared about the embryo, you would do something to reduce abortions. One of those things would be to    In several of my other post I have stated that I do not seek legislation concerning abortion. It is rather my goal to convince people to consider the possibilities of their actions so as not to put themselves in the position of needing to decide on life and death issues. I will join you in an appropriate thread to continue this so as to accomodate Dr. No.
In several of my other post I have stated that I do not seek legislation concerning abortion. It is rather my goal to convince people to consider the possibilities of their actions so as not to put themselves in the position of needing to decide on life and death issues. I will join you in an appropriate thread to continue this so as to accomodate Dr. No.  And so, your goal is not to reduce abortions? Your goal is to educate people on sexual activity and pregnancy?
In several of my other post I have stated that I do not seek legislation concerning abortion. It is rather my goal to convince people to consider the possibilities of their actions so as not to put themselves in the position of needing to decide on life and death issues. I will join you in an appropriate thread to continue this so as to accomodate Dr. No.      And so, your goal is not to reduce abortions? Your goal is to educate people on sexual activity and pregnancy?  I highlighted the important part of my last post.
Dennis Fritz is a man who needs to be noticed more. His Book changed my views about the Death Penalty. He is the Other Innocent Man in John Grisham's The Innocent Man, he wrote a book called Journey Toward Justice Published by Seven Locks Press. A Companion book to The Innocent Man. Dennis Fritz writes his own story about unwarranted prosecution and wrongful conviction and is a true crime. Endorsed on Jacket by John Grisham which he states as Compelling and Fascinating. Journey Toward Justice is a testimony to the Triumph of the human Spirit and is a Memoir. Dennis Fritz was wrongfully convicted of rape and murder after a swift trail. The only thing that saved him from the Death Penalty was a lone vote from a juror. Dennis Fritz was the other Innocent man mentioned in John Grisham's Book. which mainly is about Ronnie Williamson, Dennis Fritz's co-defendant. Both were exonerated after spending 12 years in prison.  The real killer was one of the Prosecution's Key Witness. Read about why he went on a special diet of his while in prison, amazing and shocking. Dennis Fritz's Story of unwarranted prosecution and wrongful conviction needs to be heard. Read about how he wrote hundreds of letters and appellate briefs in his own defense and immersed himself in an intense study of law. He was a school teacher and a ordinary man whose wife was brutally murdered in 1975 by a deranged 17 year old neighbor. On May 8th 1987, Five years after Debbie Sue Carter's rape and murder he was home with his young daughter and put under arrest, handcuffed and on his way to jail on charges of rape and murder.  After 10 years in prison he discovered The Innocence Project, a non-profit legal organization. With the aid of Barry Scheck and DNA evidence Dennis Fritz was exonerated on April 15,1999 Since then, it has been a long hard road filled with twist and turns and now on his Journey Toward Justice. He never blamed the Lord and solely relied on his faith in God to make it through. He waited for God's time and never gave up. I can not add links at this moment But, For more information on Dennis Fritz and many issues in his book google me "barbara's journey toward justice'. Thank you for reading this and please visit my blog.
I say jesus was for the death penalty anddddddd he was guilty. What??  And what is your reasoning that Jesus was for the death penalty? For example, the only time, in my memory, that Jesus is directly confronted with the death penalty (other than his own death) is the stoning of the adulteress (sp?). He stopped this from happening and said, as I'm sure you know, "If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her"-- John 8:1-11.
Christ regarded capital punishment as a just penalty for murder (Matthew 26:52).  Er...  "Mat 26:51 And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out [his] hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear.   Mat 26:52 Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword."  That's Jesus telling someone to be passive.  -Wez
What does it matter anyway what the Bible has to say on capital punishment?  Criminal justice has come a long way from then and I don't see why we should be looking to such a socially crude time for our opinions on state sanctioned punishment killings.
One interesting fact about this story: only the woman was brought. No man was accused. Yet, adultery is definitely a two-person sin. Is it possible that Jesus wrote Leviticus 20:10 on the ground? It says, "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death." Notice, both the adulterer and the adulteress are to be put to death. Not one, but both.It's possible. But it's also possible he was writing the Barney song. I don't see how the multiple guilt means that one of the guilty can't be punished  [/QUOTE] At any rate, the consciences of the accusers began to accuse their own hearts. One by one, beginning with the eldest, they slipped away until no man was there to accuse the woman. With no accusers, there was no required penalty. Jesus had used the occasion to point out the hypocrisy of the scribes and Pharisees while at the same time showing His love to the unloved. He told the woman to go and sin no more.[/QUOTE]Leviticus does not specify that there have to be people who feel worthy to stone, or that if the accusers go the sin is cancelled  The efforts Christians will go to in the quest to avoid the message of forgiveness...
He was guilty of blasphemy, the evidence is sooo clear he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us. This applies to modern day death penalty becuase when Jesus died for us he was accused of a crime. And now the death penalty kills people that have been accused of a crime. You could just as easily argue that he was unjustly put to death and therefore it is a statement against the death penalty. I wouldn't personalyy argue either as that wasn't the point of his death. You say "he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us" which tells me this has everything to do with salvation and nothing to do with a social commentary on the death penalty. Jesus being put to death was simply the method by which salvation was acheived in this case.  heres more  The Old Testament law commanded the death penalty for various acts: murder (Exodus 21:12), kidnapping (Exodus 21:16), bestiality (Exodus 22:19); adultery (Leviticus 20:10); homosexuality (Leviticus 20:13), a false prophet (Deuteronomy 13:5), prostitution and rape (Deuteronomy 22:4), and several other crimes Irrelevant. You are arguing that Jesus was for the death penalty, not the that old testament law was for the death penalty.  Romans 13:4 Irrelevant for the same reasons as above. This is an epistle of Paul, not the words of Jesus. Besides, this passage isn't about the death penalty anyway.  Virtually all religious scholars agree that the correctly translated commandment "Thou shalt not murder" is a prohibition against individual cases of murder. There is no biblical prohibition against the government imposition of the death penalty in deserving cases. Indeed, the government imposition of capital punishment is required for deliberate murder. (Dr. Charles Ryrie, Biblical Answers to Contemporary Issues & The Ryrie Study Bible, Exodus 20:13). Irrelavant for same reasons as first one.  "God, Himself, instituted the death penalty (Genesis 9:6) and Christ regarded capital punishment as a just penalty for murder (Matthew 26:52). God gave to government the legitimate authority to use capital punishment to restrain murder and to punish murderers. Not to inflict the death penalty is a flagrant disregard for God's divine Law which recognizes the dignity of human life as a product of God's creation. Life is sacred, and that is why God instituted the death penalty. Consequently, whoever takes innocent human life forfeits his own right to live." Protestant scholar Rev. Reuben Hahn (Mt. Prospect, Ill.), Human Events, 3/2/85. Wow, a whole bunch more irrelavnt stuff. You're on a roll here. Refer to Wez here as well.  One interesting fact about this story: only the woman was brought. No man was accused. Yet, adultery is definitely a two-person sin. Is it possible that Jesus wrote Leviticus 20:10 on the ground? It says, "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death." Notice, both the adulterer and the adulteress are to be put to death. Not one, but both. It's possible. But it's also possible he was writing the Barney song. I don't see how the multiple guilt means that one of the guilty can't be punished Ditto. Even if he was writing this passage on the ground, it wouldn't matter because if he really believed in the death penalty he would have said "go get the man too" not "let the first among you without sin cast the first stone."
read all of Romans 13 Ok, I remember this chapter now. First of all, a debate could be had about the meaning of this passage in the modern world which I don't want to get into here, but would be happy to in another thread. Secondly, it is irrelevant for reasons I have already stated.  Would you please look at everything else I said?
I have read all of your post and all you talk about is my facts being irrelevant, but as a Christian i belive Jesus and God are one, and the bible is the word of God so therefore its also the words of Jesus. That's pretty convenient. Start a thread saying Jesus (not saying the bible as a whole) was/is for the death penalty, attempt to support it without using Jesus' words or actions, and then claim it's all Jesus anyway.  Do I say that a number of your supports were irrelevant? Yes. Was that all I said? No. You could just as easily argue that he was unjustly put to death and therefore it is a statement against the death penalty. I wouldn't personalyy argue either as that wasn't the point of his death. You say "he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us" which tells me this has everything to do with salvation and nothing to do with a social commentary on the death penalty. Jesus being put to death was simply the method by which salvation was acheived in this case.  Ditto. Even if he was writing this passage on the ground, it wouldn't matter because if he really believed in the death penalty he would have said "go get the man too" not "let the first among you without sin cast the first stone." How about this?
 "God, Himself, instituted the death penalty (Genesis 9:6) and Christ regarded capital punishment as a just penalty for murder (Matthew 26:52). Since this is the only part of the gospels you use to support your argument (besides John 8 which I have addressed), I'll address it here. Wez pointed this out already but it is worth mentioning again as you seemed not to notice it. Mat 26:51-52 "And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out [his] hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear. Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword."  That's Jesus telling someone to be passive. Or, another way of putting it, he is saying that anyone who live by violence will die by violence. This isn't a statement in support of the death penalty, it's a statement of what Jesus saw as fact. If you choose to act violently, violence will come upon you. Not because it should, but because it will/  Not to inflict the death penalty is a flagrant disregard for God's divine Law which recognizes the dignity of human life as a product of God's creation. Life is sacred, and that is why God instituted the death penalty. Wow, if that ain't the biggest contradiction in terms I've ever heard.
my point exactly Obviously you didn't read the rest of my post. Are you going to say anything of substance and make any real responses to what I have said? If not, I will have to assume that you have conceded these points to me.
@coolcodemn3- Still don't feel up to responding to me eh?
look at my post above, even though it isnt directed towards you it still get some of my points across. But if i didnt answer everything or im not getting something you asked then explain to me. Your post was strictly a response to Ooaman's post. It was not at all a response to me, even indirectly, as Ooaman and I aren't even talking about the same things. The only thing you have done in response to my posts is take one line out of two of them and make unproductive commens on them.
mastershake, the entire event of jesus' visit, death and resurrection means nothing unless jesus thought the death penalty was valid. How so? In fact, I think if Jesus did not believe in the death penalty, it would make his sacrifice that much greater, because he would be being unjustly put to death. as far as jesus was conerned, any act of any sin brought the death penalty upon you. we arent talking about crimes, we are talking about disobedience of anything god said (or anything the priest/king said god said). Now you're talking about the Old Testament. This is something I tried to address with coolcodemn earlier. Yes, I know you believe that the Bible is the word of god and therefore also the word of Jesus, but that is a discussion in itself, and multiple threads here have been devoted to it. I am trying to to focus here on the words and actions of Jesus himself, in other words, the gospels. So, if you can argue from there, go right ahead.
mastershake, the entire event of jesus' visit, death and resurrection means nothing unless jesus thought the death penalty was valid. as far as jesus was conerned, any act of any sin brought the death penalty upon you. we arent talking about crimes, we are talking about disobedience of anything god said (or anything the priest/king said god said). if jesus didnt support the concept of the death penalty, then why did he die? There's a differene between him knowing the death penalty would be used and him agreeing with its use. He knew he'd be put to death, but that doesn't mean he agrees with the process. He certainly didn't agree with everything done to him, but he didn't fight against it.  -Wez
There's a differene between him knowing the death penalty would be used and him agreeing with its use. He knew he'd be put to death, but that doesn't mean he agrees with the process. He certainly didn't agree with everything done to him, but he didn't fight against it.  -WezI think he's assuming that Jesus is suffering the proper penalty for the sins of mankind which he's taken on himself.  But surely this is God's death penalty, not man's, and surely as Jesus has taken on these sins the death penalty is now wrong?
I guess coolcodemn3 has given up.
Well the only post against his since his last is asking whether Jesus existed, whether he did what it says in the Gospels, whether we should care etc. This is a whole different subject to what the Biblical Jesus did, which is what was being discussed.
he had to die sinless in order to overcome the death penalty. Seems like you just made a pretty good biblical argument against the death penalty.
was he killed against his will? did he have a better plan for the remission of sins than death? throughtout the entire bible, death to sinners is more consistent than anything else. it is the single most popular concept in the entire bible. sin causes death. from genesis this is established at the very onset. Sin causing death isn't advocating the death penalty however, unless it is humans killing 'sinful' humans in cold blood and God approving of it. to think that jesus did not believe in the law of the death penalty for sin shows a serious misunderstanding of the bible Then why does Jesus stop a woman from being stoned to death and instead forgives her?  -Wez
so you see, jesus continued to support the death penalty. it so happened that the pharasees found for themselves that they could not logically uphold the death penalty, otherwise they'd have to condemn themselves first. the law still remained validSurely applying God's law is a religious duty. One sin does not justify another sin.  Also, why didn't Jesus himself heave a boulder at her?
Also, why didn't Jesus himself heave a boulder at her? This is what I was going to say as well. If Jesus was sinless, but believed in the death penalty for this woman, why wouldn't he stone her?
one sin does not justify another sin, but one who is sinful cannot condemn another for being sinful unless he first condemns himself. jesus' "twist" to the upholding of the law was not that a council of elders execute the law upon others. it simply was not and is not practical. instead, the observance of the law must be internal. when one sins, his own conscience convicts him. he repents for himself, and is restored for himself. or he condemns himself and brings execution upon himself. no external entity will enforce the law upon others. by this, the law remains intact, but the observance of the law changes dramatically In effect then, what matters in terms of modern day morality and law is that we should not be enacting the death penalty on others.
check out these verses from exodus: Exodus 21:12 - "Whoever strikes a man so that he dies shall be put to death.  Exodus 21:15 - "Whoever strikes his father or his mother shall be put to death.  Exodus 21:16 - "Whoever steals a man, whether he sells him or is found in possession of him, shall be put to death.  Exodus 21:17 - "Whoever curses his father or his mother shall be put to death.  Exodus 22:19 - "Whoever lies with a beast shall be put to death.  Exodus 31:15 - Six days shall work be done, but the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest, holy to the LORD; whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall be put to death.  there are also some in leviticus  read joshua 7  basically, if you sin, you die Fair enough. But who can kill the sinner?  jesus actually endorsed the death penalty in that instance. look at the entire passage. the pharisees came to jesus while he was doodling in the sand with a stick. they told him that they had caught the woman in the act of adultery, and by the law of moses (sampled above) she should be put to death. jesus immediately agreed to them enforcing the death penalty, since the penalty for sin is death. so he answered "of course you are right about the law of moses. any of you who are without sin, throw the first stone." then he casually went back to doodling away in the sand  the pharasees found themselves in their own catch. how could they put the woman to death for sinning, when they themselves were sinners, and should also be put to death. stuck in the dilema, they could do nothing but leave the issue alone. then jesus asked the woman "where are those that condemn you?" she told him they had all left, and jesus said "neither do i condemn you. go and sin no more"  so you see, jesus continued to support the death penalty. it so happened that the pharasees found for themselves that they could not logically uphold the death penalty, otherwise they'd have to condemn themselves first. the law still remained valid By that logic, the death penalty would be morally acceptable, but practically impossible. That's roughly more view on the death penalty as well. I don't mind killing people, but I think that juries are too fallible, executions are too expensive and overall it achieves just about nothing.  -Wez
one sin does not justify another sin, but one who is sinful cannot condemn another for being sinful unless he first condemns himself.1) where does it say this in the Bible? 2) not all sins have death prescribed 3) this doesn't answer why Jesus didn't stone the woman
unkerpaulie? coolcodemn3?
If I remember correctly, Jesus brought with him new teachings that overrode the Exodus rules. Also, like Obvious child said, not all sins require death.Whether he brought new ethics to the point of cancelling out old ones is unclear. He seems to, but said he came to fulfil the Law and the Prophets.  I guess I should add this.  When Jesus was on the cross what did he give to the person next to him? Pardon or forgiveness? Obviously they are two different things correct? If he would have pardon him, Jesus would have let live and release him (since he is the son of God how can he not?)He could not because he told his disciples 'resist not evil' and did not hold up a finger against his own unjust arrest. Now a days our rules are different, back than things were much more stricter. I believe that Jesus does believe in the death penalty, but just when only necessary. As it is today, when someone murderers another, the death penalty is considered, as it should be.Considering Jesus turned aside the death penalty from someone who clearly should have recieved it by religious and state law of the time, I don't know if this position is sustainable. It assumes Christians making practical decisions in government: if you read the Gospels the model is more of a socially detatched holy man.
on not judging others: Matthew 7:3-5 Why do you see the speck that is in your brother's eye, but do not notice the log that is in your own eye? 4 Or how can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when there is the log in your own eye? 5 You hypocrite, first take the log out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to take the speck out of your brother's eye.Sorry, I thought you meant it was part of the previous Law in Leviticus or somesuch. Obviously Jesus himself preaches that view.  correct, but all sin lead to "spiritual death" even if a physical death penalty is not attached to it James 2:10 - 10 For whoever keeps the whole law but fails in one point has become guilty of all of it.That was written after Christ. But it's an interesting quote.  the death penalty as a consequence of commiting adultery never changed according to divine law. basically, the idea is that the penalty for sin is death, whether it be a crime against society or overlooking a minor detail in the law. all sin causes death; spiritual death, and physical death eventually.   the way the law worked, a council of elders who were supposed to be holy and upright judges of israel, were authorised to execute the judgement of the laws. of course power corrupts blah blah blah, and it makes no sense having a council to execute judgement against sinners when the judges are just as guilty as the defendants.If it makes no sense, why did God run with it in the first place  jesus introduced a new way to execute the death penalty, with an ammendment to the law called forgiveness. the death penalty still remained valid, but forgiveness trumps sin, so to speak. it so happens that jesus was of the opinion that forgiveness is more to his liking than death. it was the reason why he was there in the first place. since jesus came to present the option of forgiveness rather than death, this was a marketing opportunity for him. let this woman sample a trial version of forgiveness and see how she likes it. if she wasnt satisfied she could return it for a full refund and get stoned to deathSo the forgiveness didn't require the crucifixion? He was able to offer it before the full, final sacrifice?
since jesus came and left, the option has been established and is still available while supplies last. so you sin, and yes the penalty of death is hanging over your head. but... you can now do something about it! with the new forgiveness 2000 you dont have to die in your sins. instead, try forgiveness risk free and see the amazing results of eternal life! just call the 1-800 number on your screen and have your forgiveness 2000 rushed to your life. of course, if you refuse to call and die in your sins, then you've executed the death penalty upon yourself. so call today!  hope the idea is clearer now That would make Jesus against the death penalty in all forms it currently exists as though?  -Wez
no. the death penalty still stands. it has not been abolished by jesus, nor does he oppose it. the death penalty is the consequence for sinning AND not accepting forgiveness. in any situation where a sinner does not accept forgiveness, the death penalty is executed, at least spiritually. its simply that the option exists to get around the death penalty. it doesnt mean jesus abolished the death penalty altogether How are you meant to tell if someone accepts forgiveness? You can't tell what a person truely feels.  -Wez
good question. and it also falls into a point i forgot to mention earlier. the death penalty begins in genesis, and it is introduced in one of the first conversations god has with adam on the very first day of his existence. "the day you eat of the fruit you will surely die." Oddly, it was the serpent's prediction that came true.  the part that i forgot to mention was the part about sacrifice. not all sins in the old testament law led to the death of the one commiting it, but in ALL instances a death was demanded. at the very least, every single individual in the nation was required to offer as a sacrifice for their sins the best animal they owned. the animal was supposed to be slashed and bled to death, then completely burnt. the concept of "scapegoat" comes from this. symbolically, the sins of the person was laid upon the animal, and by killing the animal, you kill that which bears the sin. even then, death was the only was sin could be cleansedI believe the scapegoat had the sins of the whole community put on it and was then released, but the principle stands.  to answer your question, executing the death penalty upon persons who commited the death penalty crimes was the job of the council. this kept things in check, from a social standpoint (eliminating thieves, murderers, rapists, blasphemers, etc), but it relly wasnt handling the real problem, which was sin. besides that, even those on the council needed to make animal sacrifices on behalf of themselves. in most cases this was a once-per-year event, unless the council itself deemed it necessary in certain instances (a new citizen, good harvest, family member going to war, etc). Can you really say that all the death penalties are about social order rather than straightforward sin: what about homosexuality?  a better plan would be a more on-demand delivery of forgiveness, that would cover all sins and not require the cumbersome procedures of animal sacrifices or putting people to death. so jesus, being both the ultimate animal sacrifice, and the sinless guilty criminal, solves the problem, but only for those who accept it and believe in itProblem is, this only works if sin is a sort of substance that can be passed on, and has nothing to do with justice. If this is true, why doesn't God get rid of it?  another very good question. this little passage addresses it nicely: matthew 9:1-8 And getting into a boat he crossed over and came to his own city. And behold, they brought to him a paralytic, lying on his bed; and when Jesus saw their faith he said to the paralytic, "Take heart, my son; your sins are forgiven." And behold, some of the scribes said to themselves, "This man is blaspheming." But Jesus, knowing their thoughts, said, "Why do you think evil in your hearts? For which is easier, to say, 'Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, 'Rise and walk'? But that you may know that the Son of man has authority on earth to forgive sins" --he then said to the paralytic--"Rise, take up your bed and go home." And he rose and went home. When the crowds saw it, they were afraid, and they glorified God, who had given such authority to men.  jesus had the authority to personally walk up to you and forgive your sins. after all, he was god, and the ultimate arbitrator. its also why he can say to you today (in the spirit) "take heart, obvious child, your sins are forgiven." and yes, it would seem that he could simply do that without having to die, and you'd be rightIsn't the idea that if God forgave without the sacrifice then he'd be turning justice aside?  the thing is, jesus came to FULFILL the law. its a concept that people are still struggling with. the law of god demands death as the only way to eliminate sin. this principle has never changed. by jesus dying for no sin of his, he made it possible that anybody can put their own sins upon him (as they would a traditional sacrifice) and by that way have their sins eliminated under the law of the death penaltyAnd because he was God and innocent he can 'absorb' an infinite amount of sin? Doesn't this need contradict what you've just said above: in the case of the prostitute no-one needed to die.
well the argument is that they died spiritually, making god's prediction trueWhere in the Bible does it say they died spiritually?  yup. homosexuality, fornication, idol worship, rebeliousness to parents, etc, all would corrupt what should be a pure and ideally godly society. so they had to be killedWe've gone back to stopping sin. The point is that homosexuality doesn't damage a society in itself: it is a sin against God not man.  but sin IS handled as a substance that can be transferred. its justice in a cosmic sense, where jesus' death is offered for the sin. its just like the old animal sacrifice way, where the very sin wsa transferred to the animal to be sacrificed. the same principle appliesI'm aware its the same principle. But the idea of 'justice' which requires someone's death but not the guilty party's is simply unjust.  yes and no. god has the authority and ability to voluntarily pardon a wrong, as a banker could write-off a debt. however, the complete elimination of the sin requires the sacrifice of the life that tokk the sin. in other words, by jesus forgiving the woman, he voluntarily and innocently took her sin upon himself, in advance. however, that sin could not be eliminated completely until jesus was sacrificed. again, it follows the prinicple of transferring the sins to the sacrificial animal, then killing the animal to eliminate the sin completelySo from that point onwards Christ was sinful?  well i sort of explained it above. its not that jesus didnt need to die to forgive her. by transferring her sin upon himself, she was immediately forgiven, since the sin was personaly removed right then amd thereI have to say, he never says 'I have taken your sin' simply 'your sins are forgiven'.   by being the ultimate sacrifice, jesus symbolically takes the sin of everybody in the world upon himself. the only thing the individual is required to do is accept the sacrifice and believe in the transfer and elimination of the sin.Why is the individual required to do that?
I was wondering that same reason and i looked it up and i found out that he wrote this in the verse in the sand Wrote what? We don't know what he wrote in the sand.
No, we don't know he wrote what he said. The USCCB - NAB draws up an interesting point. There is a verse in Jeremiah that says:  'Those who turn away from thee shall be written in the earth, for they have forsaken the fountain of living water' (Jeremiah 17:13)  In John 7 Jesus quotes scripture as saying 'Whoever believes in me, as scripture says: 'Rivers of living water will flow from within him.'  This isn't actually a quote from anywhere in the Bible (many NT quotes aren't), but this and the later writing may be both referring to Jeremiah.
nowhere. its just a popular conventionOK  it was deemed a crime against the jewish society in that timeWas it? Not against God or nature, but a crime against other people?  why do you say its unjust? Because justice is person-specific: the guilty being punished and the innocent not. You can't simply punish one person for another's sin. That's just saying if something bad happens you have to double it.  no more than a goat about to be sacrificed was sinful. the animal never commits any sin, and is usually the most blemish-free and "perfect" of the flock. so the animal isnt sinful, but in a sense it is, in that the sins of the individual are placed upon it.OK. But isn't there an idea that sin cuts the individual off from God, and this is meant to happen on the Cross? By this understanding it already happened.  how is that different from forgiveness?Because it doesn't mean Jesus has the sin. No-one does.  because if you dont accept the forgiveness and dont acknowledge YOUR sins as taken by christ, then you continue to bear your own sins. the act of dying for your sins was already done by jesus, but the act of placing your sin upon him is something only you can doBut Jesus doesn't ask the woman to acknowledge him or even the act. He simply tells her her sins are forgiven and to go forth and sin no more.
We know what his message was when he wrote in the sandHow do we know?  What was it?
committing an act that was defined particulary as an abomination unto god had the consequence of a curse falling on the entire nation. this was bad for society as a whole.OK. In this case, I don't see the point in your earlier distinction between practical and religious control.  punishment is supposed to serve as a deterent. the idea is to prevent the crime from occuring in the first place, not for curing the occurence of the crime. in a sense, the person committing the crime is deterred because he wold bear the burden of sin, which is both the consequence and punishment. the time it takes for people to rehabilitate from their sinful behavior varies, and its the person to decide for himself how long he needs to bear his sin (i.e., be punished, before he con consider himself rehabilitated. at this point, he whole-heartedly repents from his sins.  why is the current system of justice the way that it is? does it actually take all murderers 25 years to rehabilitate from their ways for all cases? what is the point of punishment if nobody is concerned about the rehabilitaion of the individuals?Sorry, I don't understand how this addresses the point about justice being individual specific. We can't 'pass on' guilt.  thats right. by jesus dying in the sins of the world, he was cut off from god and sent to hell when he died. there he completed the mission of eliminating sin once and for all, and being innocent was given (as a gift to himself, you could say) eternal lifeBut surely he was cut off from God from the moment he forgave the prostitute.  if YOU are forgiven, then YOU dont have the sin on you. the sin is now upon the bearer it was tranferred onto. the new bearer of the sin has to die for that sin to be eliminated, but at the point of transferal you are sin-freeBut why can't there be a simple forgiveness without punishing some poor innocent sheep and/or God almighty in human form? Why is God incapable of wiping the slate clean?  exactly, and what did she do? accept the forgiveness and goes and sins no moreSo we hope. I don't think it says.  but the point is, she isn't asked if she accepts forgiveness, or told that she should acknowledge Christ is bearing her sins. It's certainly not clear from what he says.
Have you even read the verse? It says He wrote it in the sand.No it doesn't. It says:  John 8:1-11 But Jesus went to the Mount of Olives. Now very early in the morning, he came again into the temple, and all the people came to him. He sat down, and taught them. The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman taken in adultery. Having set her in the midst, they told him, "Teacher, we found this woman in adultery, in the very act. Now in our law, Moses commanded us to stone such. What then do you say about her?" They said this testing him, that they might have something to accuse him of. But Jesus stooped down, and wrote on the ground with his finger. But when they continued asking him, he looked up and said to them, "He who is without sin among you, let him throw the first stone at her." Again he stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground. They, when they heard it, being convicted by their conscience, went out one by one, beginning from the oldest, even to the last. Jesus was left alone with the woman where she was, in the middle. Jesus, standing up, saw her and said, "Woman, where are your accusers? Did no one condemn you?" She said, "No one, Lord." Jesus said, "Neither do I condemn you. Go your way. From now on, sin no more."
to answer your question, executing the death penalty upon persons who commited the death penalty crimes was the job of the council. this kept things in check, from a social standpoint (eliminating thieves, murderers, rapists, blasphemers, etc), but it relly wasnt handling the real problem, which was sin. besides that, even those on the council needed to make animal sacrifices on behalf of themselves. in most cases this was a once-per-year event, unless the council itself deemed it necessary in certain instances (a new citizen, good harvest, family member going to war, etc). I took this as meaning the aim was social. I can see that could be incidental rather than the purpose.
guilt is not a solid or permanent state. its not a case of "once guilty, always tarnished". this is why i mentioned rehabilitation. once the person that did the crime/sin has gone through his punishment/penance he should no longer be still viewed as "guilty", because he has already went through the rehabilitative process. its what redemption is supposed to be. its like owing a creditor money. after you pay it off you are no longer still viewed as a debtorThere's a difference between being rehabilitated and suffering punishment.  in this way, guilt, like a debt, can be "passed on". if i decide to pay your debt for you, you are immediately forgiven of the debt, but the debt still exists until i actually pay it off. thats the way it works. and i dont see anything unjust about itSo do you think it would be fair to allow a mother to have the death penalty instead of her murderer son? The monetary analogy is simply not valid here.  correct. and being cut off from god, he died in sin and went to hell. but you also have to remember that he was god himself, and being god he was still innocent and perfect, as well as all powerful. not only that, when he died for the sins he was bearing, he immediately redeemed himself by paying the penalty for bearing sins. since his death automatically eliminated the sins, and he ressurected, he was once again sinless and fully reconcilled to godIf death eliminates sins, why couldn't the whole world's sins be put on a goat?  that is a question i cant answer. its just the wa god designed it  bear in mind, throughout this discussion, we are talking about a spiritual solution to a spiritual problem. sin isnt a social issue as much as it is a spiritual issue. so the only way to handle sin is through a spiritul process, mainly by faith-based thoughts, words and deeds.It hardly seems a compassionate solution. And it doesn't have anything to do with the fact sin is spiritual: from man's point of view he is equally forgiven either way, and told to love either way. Only difference is Jesus suffers for nothing.  well, like you pointed out, it doesnt say. the story ends with the woman leaving after hearing what jesus said. you cannot assume that she doesnt accept the forgiveness, because it seems to indicate that she did accept it (or didnt reject it).The point is that Jesus tells her (and others) 'your sins are forgiven', without the idea that they are involved ever coming into it. He simply wipes the slate clean without querying them at all.  back to the debt analogy. if i offer to pay your debt, do you still walk around worrying about how youre going to pay the debt? do you act as if you still owe the money? i dont need to ask you if you acknowledge me forgiving your debt. by being released of the burden of the debt, you would know, and i would know. that would be sufficient, wouldnt it?In that case why does God now require a confession of faith, and of sin? Why does he not simply relieve us of our sins?
is suffering necessary for improving society?Nope. who would it be unfair to? the mother? the son? the victim? the victim's family? society?Justice. Although in practice it would be counter-productive and in a sense be unfair to all those you just listed (except possibly the victim, he's dead anyway)  well, for one, there's no goat that belongs to everyone in the world. the goat being sacrificed had to belong to the person, and had to be the best goat of the bunch. for two, jesus would be the only sacrifice that would cover the whole world, since he was the son of god.So this substance 'sin' can only be passed into goats of a certain kind, although that kind is relative to other goats owned by the same person? And for some reason Jesus can have everyones?  You have to bear in mind that the 'scapegoat' bore the sins of a whole town.  well, from a man's point of view he dint do anything wrong in the first place, so forgiveness and sins are non-entitiesNo, I mean the man himself is told he is forgiven and has his sins lifted. it doesn't effect him whether Jesus suffers.  because by being face to face with jesus he can tell you in person that you are forgiven. i suppose at that point you could still accept or refuse it. forgiveness is a gift that is always free. you dont have to earn it. its already available. confessing your sins or believing in the resurrection of jesus is not a task you must accomplish to be forgiven. its just as simple as believingYou believe in a chance to repent after death?  And belief in something like the resurrection is a very difficult task for some, and seems rather arbitary. Credulity seems strange grounds for salvation.
It's not where he wrote it. It's the fact the passage says 'But Jesus stooped down, and wrote on the ground with his finger' and later 'Again he stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground'. Neither time does it say what he wrote.
wow i totally missed that one. However in Leviticus 20:10 it talks about adultery a two person sin, Jesus did not kill the woman becuase since there was no man that was known to be invovled with the act he could not kill her. IF he would have put her to death he would have had to put the man to death also.I've seen this argument, but it totally misses the power of his forgiveness in favour of lawyerism. And in any case, it says they should both be put to death, but there's no law saying that if you can only catch one guilty party then they're let off.
so how is a mother volunteering deathrow for the murder her son committed unjust?Her volunteering isn't. Punishing her for something she didn't do is. The whole point of justice, as opposed to utilitarian ethics or suchlike, is that they reward good and punish evil. Volunteering yourself to save another is good, not evil. And letting someone take your place is evil, not good.  not just goats, but any of a number of listed animals that were considered suitable for offering. i did a short search and i found a cool segment about different types of animal sacrifices, and specifically what occassion required what kindOK. But the point is that the system is arbitary. Why not pass all sins into a rock? Why can't God just put them in the Recycle Bin and press DELETE?  a sacrifice, by definition, requires that you give up something that means a lot to you. in the biblical context it meant the best of your livestock. in the case of jesus, he was the ultimate flawless animal, and the prized possession of god himself, and therefore was the only sacrifice that would apply for all of mankindBut Jesus is not owned by you, nor does he nevessarily mean a lot to you. If anything, Jesus is a suitable sacrifice to expiate God's sins, not man's.  yes. but the scapegoat was only used for particular sins in a particular occassion. even so, it was recognized by the nation as having all their sins upon that goat, and expelling the goat would take their sins away. with jesus the concept is the same But why this random system?  no, because he is forgiven. his sins are borne elsewhere and he is at that point free of the burden of sin. jesus' death is necessary to eliminate the sins themselves. but you are correct: the man was forgiven and free of sin at that point, with or without jesus' deathWhy is his death 'necessary'? Surely God can do what He wants?  no. logically and biblically you cant ask forgiveness after deathSo what about the majority of people, who don't see Jesus 'face to face' in this life?  well, belief in something like sin, or the circumstances surounding the creation of the law of moses, or the temptation of adam and eve, or that heaven and hell awaits you in the afterlife, or a number of other "beliefs" i could mention, are also equally difficult. however, belief in any one makes it easy to believe the restHowever many other difficult beliefs there are, being expected to accept them seems random, and once again, arbitary.  salvation is a spiritual solution to a spiritual problem. the concept of sin is totally spiritual, and requires a belief in the supernatural realm. if one does not believe in this spiritual realm, then sin is not an issue, since it doesnt exist, and therefore salvation solves nothing. belief in the spiritual realm creates the problem of sin, and in itself provides the solutionThat's like saying that if you don't believe in global warming your house can't be flooded by rising sea levels.  so basically, you can believe in the spiritual realm and the solution to the problem it creates comes in the same package, or you can not believe in the spiritual realm, and nothing therein would matter, including its credulityThe spiritual realm and sin don't have to come as a package. Religions without sin exist.
by this logic, punishing everyone, regardless of guilt, is a good thing, because youd make sure that all the guilty gets punished. theres still somthing wrong with that system. is the purpose of justice simply to ensure that people who deserve it get punshed? wouldnt a better goal be that people be corrected and do what is right?That's why I said REWARD GOOD as well as punish evil. Plus, there is a sense in which punishment can be relative. I think the idea of justice is a battle against the contingency of life: we don't want people to be able to benefit from evil, or suffer from doing good. A system to correct people and reform them would be utilitarian: the aim is to maximise happiness, not to be just. If justice was about reform, no-one would have to be punished as God could reform and then wipe the slate clean.  its not arbitrary. the penalty of sin is death. this is a constant principle. a rock cannot dieIt's an arbitary principle. And at any given time someone has sinned but not died, which implies the punishment doesn't have to be served instantly. By putting it in a rock we can put it off indefinitely.  but in recieving salvation you claim jesus as your savior and sacrifice, and acknowledge that his death eliminates your sin. not only that, but as we discussed before, the goat that was to be the scapegoat would belong to the high-priest of the nation, and sacrificing that goat would cover the nation's sins. in this way, god's sacrifice, him being high-priest of the world, can cover sins on a global scaleOK  its not random at all. it is all based on the same principles as before. i cant explain why the criteria for different occassions were different types of sacrifice. the point we need to bear in mind is that sin implied death. if the sins of the individual could not be put on the animal sacrifice (and some sins were not transferrable, like murder) then the individual himself was put to death. the death penalty is the ONLY way to eliminate sinBut why?   surely he can... except that he cannot go back on his word. once god has declared something, it must remain absolutely true. since god originally declared that the penalty for sin is death, since his very first conversation with adam, this cannot change. death remains necessary, and not even god can reverse itThen God shouldn't have declared that in the first place - it's obviously just going to cause trouble. In any case, he didn't say that the penalty for sin is death, he said the penalty for one particular action which Adam couldn't even know was wrong, being unaware of good and evil, was death. Different kettle of fish.  precisely why faith is exercised. you believe that you have transferred your sins upon jesus. you believe that jesus is the sacrificial lamb that bears your sin. you believe you are forgiven. you believe that jesus' death has eliminated your sins. no face-to-face needed, but the effect is exactly the sameBut you said earlier that we had a chance to know Jesus face to face and thus confess, and it wasn't just guessing the right religion.  well, like i said: either you dont believe in none and this concept (including the death penalty) is non-issue, or you believe and you deal with the issue using the faith-based mechanisms provided  not at all. the physical realm works on physical evidence. the spiritual realm requires no evidence excepy faith. it is a formless vaccuous realm that takes shape as the human mind wills it into shape. it wouldnt even exist if it werent for the human mind. thats why believing in something in the spiritual realm makes it soAh. You should have told me you were working on Pratchettian metaphysics. That makes everything make a lot more sense.  well, i suppose... cant think of any off the top thoughBuddhism.
it seems as though your concept of ideal justice necessitates punishment immediately. if this is the case, then justice isnt all that ideal. what about repentance? wouldnt it be better to have a system where more emphasis is put on corretion than execution?It would. But that wouldn't be justice, it would be utilitarianism.  i'll try to explain. god's nature is that of holiness. therefore god is intolerant of sin. thats basically it...You'd think He'd be above inolerance  dont you see that god created a system in which the death penalty can remain in force without the individual himself having to die? because jesus already died under the death penalty principle, people who are guilty of sin today have the option of accepting jesus' death on their behalf, and therefore effectively removing their sins as though the penalty was paid. in this way, god was right to declare the death penalty for sin, and does not go back on his word, while man can take advantage of the death penalty principle to have their sins forgiven with the shedding of more blood. i dont see how you think this is a bad thingBecause he could not have declared it at all, and saved Jesus the agony.  i did? i said tat people who were around to talk to jesus face to face could at that point lay their sins upon him, as they would a scapegoat or sacrificial lamb, and be forgiven before he died. I thought you said that all people had this chance. I may well be wrong.  i looked up the term, which refers to some books that pratchet wrote. i suppose you are referring to the idea that the human mind can shape the fabric of the spiritual realm, but i couldnt see the relationship from the book reports i got when i googled the term. any more in-depth links?In 'Small Gods' and elsewhere, there's the idea that gods exist in a sort of potential form, and only gain power and existence by people believing in them.  the idea of the mind being able to manifest itself into "spiritual reality" is a very old and common idea. there is a document called "the science of geting rich" that is based completely upon the concept. quite a number of motivational programs also promote this idea in some form or another.You seem to be mistaking visualisation for the subject of spiritual discussion  basically, the spiritual realm is nothing more than a plane that your mind can conjure and visit. the more you believe in the reality of this plane, the more impact it has on your physical life. each person can individually create his personal spiritual realm and allow it to manifest into his physical life based on how convinced he is that his plane is real. perhaps this is a bit off topic...This assumes that there isn't a more fundamental spritual realm.
i suppose so. are you saying that utilitarianism is unjust?I'm saying it isn't concerned with justice  Utilitarianism = maximising happiness Justice = distributing happiness based on merit  In practise the two often go together, but there's no theoretical connection, which is one of the main criticisms of utilitarianism. Mill discusses it at some length in his book 'Utilitarianism'.  nope. it would be pointless for god, or anybody for that matter, to tolerate everything. because god has standards and adheres to principles, its necessary that some things arent toleratedBut we only have to not tolerate things to change them. God can change them anyway.  well he did, and the agony wasnt beyond what jesus was cut out forBut it's unneeded. I'm against unneccesary cruelty, even to yourself. And it's not like it didn't cause collateral damage in terms of guilt, stigmata, and the persecution of Jews.  since everbody born in the last 1,970 years or so were born after jesus died, they would not have a chance to talk to jesus face to face before he died. and the other people in the world that lived before jesus' time or far away from jerusalem would not have a chance to talk to jesus face to face before he died. however, people who were around to talk to jesus face to face could at that point lay their sins upon him, as they would a scapegoat or sacrificial lamb, and be forgiven before he diedOK. I'm fine with this, I just thought you said everyone sees him. No problem.  well thats the idea.  ummm... how is it different? Same difference between imagining an orange and seeing one.  not necessarily. the spiritual realm, by its very nature, may well be contigent on the aspirations and visualizations in people's indiviual minds. its a domain of the intangible, in which anything, including the impossible and illogical, can existEven square circles? What do you mean by 'exist'?  this is a bit off tangent, but have you ever dreamed of something and woke up remembering the entire dream in full detail? you'd step into your work building and end up on a plane heading to the beach. or the street to the corner store has a shortcut that takes you to a party that your teenage crush is at. or a little guy in a yellow outfit tells you that your dog is in jail. the thing is, your in-dream self doesnt have the slightest feeling that something is strange about the circumstances. its all perfectly normal, and nothing shocks you. you just go along with the story as it unfolds. its all in your own mind and of your own creation, yet its totally unpredictable and you have no idea what your conjured characters are going to do next. anything that happens is believable. you suddenly have the ability to jump 20 feet in the air or perform a perfect roundhouse kick to the jaw of your assailant. you can fly a helicopter or understand aramic. its clearly a supernatural realm, yet it only exists in that dream. thats the way i see itThe fact that this exists does not preclude a more substantial realm. But yes, I have. The even more interesting thing is when you realise you're dreaming but still are bound slightly by the assumptions of the dream.
and that's god's goal. in a way it is both justice and utilarianism. if you believe in the sacrifice of jesus and repent, you have "earned" your happinessWhat do you mean 'that's God's goal'? Justice or Utilitarianism  im not sure i understand. god doesnt need to change the things he doesnt tolerate. people behave a certain way, and its up to them to change their behavior to fall in line with what standards god acceptsBut an all-good God wouldn't be intolerance  its a demonstration of adhering to the same principle, so it was necessary. god cannot be a god of principle if he has no principles to adhere to. as for the persecution of jews, etc, that was caused by man's misunderstanding. there is no thing that can make everybody happy. not even unlimited happinessBut he should have instituted forgiveness from the first. That's my point.  yes. and imagining an orange immediately causes it to exist in the imagined realm. thats what i'm saying. seeing an orange can only occur if the orange already physically exists. by imagining an orange you manifest it in the 'spiritual' realmBut you're assuming there can be no experience of God at the level of a direct impression, that it has to be a (necessarily compound) idea.  if you can imagine a round square with 3 sides, then it would exist in that realm. of course, what you can conjure into existence is limited to what you can imagine.But logical impossibility is things we cannot conceive of. And I think you mean conceive, not imagine.  it doesnt. but it provides no evidence for the substantial spiritual realm either. we know that realms can be conjured in our minds, though seemingly controlled beyond our consciousness. and we know we can only experience this on an individual basis (2 people cant "share" a dream realm, like in the movie "the cell" with jennifer lopez).We don't know for certain that people can't share dreams. But my point is that there is a possibility that shouldn't be ignored.
both. you "earn" your right to be happy by accepting the sacrifice of jesus. the "penalty" for wrong doing is humility and repentance. it may not be punishment to you, but in a way it is. so its justiceWell, utilitarianism is the greatest happiness for the greatest number, so you don't have to earn happiness: as a moral agent, God wants to maximise our happiness, and we all go to heaven. And justice relies on the punishment being distributed JUSTLY: i.e. to the person who deserves it. So it's not just either.  of course he would. he'd be intolerant to badBad things, not bad people.  it is a good point and i agree. i dont think jesus' death was unnecessary, nor was the principle of the death penalty. i do think that there was too big a gap between adam's sin and jesus coming to fix the problem. all the people inbetween that had no forgiveness option got a raw dealWhich seems out of character for an all-good God, unless we can backdate the forgiveness of the cross.  i believe thats exactly what god is: a shared idea. it explains a lotBy compound I mean made up of constituent parts: Hume's 'gold mountain' or 'winged horse'.  i suppose i use the words interchangeably, but i guess we can agree on that.I can conceive of a shape with a million sides. Such a thing is possible. But I cannot imagine (as in create a mental image of) a thing with a million sides.   it seems more of an impossibility than not.even if i know you well and you end up in a dream of mine, you yourself would not be experiencing that same dream in real time from your point of view. there is no evidence of people intentionally visiting another in a dream, though claims have been made. the evidence suggest that its impossible to share a dream realm like thatNo, the evidence suggests that no-one has proved it to be impossible. What you say is equivalent to saying 'no-one has evidence of aliens existing, although claims have been made. The evidence suggests that aliens must not exist'.
I am not American, and in my country the death penalty is banned, but I know that the United States is a country with pretty strong traditions with respect to this issue. But I want to know: how can you justify the death penalty? I mean, there must be a very reasonable explanation, I just don't see it.  Would you agree if the death penalty was banned?
I am not American, and in my country the death penalty is banned, but I know that the United States is a country with pretty strong traditions with respect to this issue. But I want to know: how can you justify the death penalty? I mean, there must be a very reasonable explanation, I just don't see it. Nope. There really isn't. Would you agree if the death penalty was banned? 100%
I am not American, and in my country the death penalty is banned, but I know that the United States is a country with pretty strong traditions with respect to this issue. But I want to know: how can you justify the death penalty? I mean, there must be a very reasonable explanation, I just don't see it. That would really depend on who you ask. Granted, the people who are strongly for it would give about a billion reasons. The ones who are not for it don't really have an answer. Would you agree if the death penalty was banned? If by that question, you mean the idea of banning it, then yes.
The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else. In prison, the criminal could a) kill another inmate, 2) kill a guard, 3) escape and kill a civilian, 4) have their sentence commuted and get out to commit another crime... Or someone who was wrongfully accused doesn't get a chance to get out. (Like the Rosembaums in the 50's for one example.)
More than three countries a year on average have abolished the death penalty in law since 1976 or have gone from abolishing it for ordinary crimes to abolishing it for all crimes. Seventy-five countries and territories, including Australia, Germany, and Spain, refuse to impose the death penalty for any crime. Support for the death penalty is declining in the U.S., albeit slowly, and the day will come when it will be abolished here. Dono
More than three countries a year on average have abolished the death penalty in law since 1976 or have gone from abolishing it for ordinary crimes to abolishing it for all crimes. Seventy-five countries and territories, including Australia, Germany, and Spain, refuse to impose the death penalty for any crime. Support for the death penalty is declining in the U.S., albeit slowly, and the day will come when it will be abolished here. Dono  More than likely about the same time Christianity declines as a dominant US governing tool.
The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else. In prison, the criminal could a) kill another inmate, 2) kill a guard, 3) escape and kill a civilian, 4) have their sentence commuted and get out to commit another crime.  Well, it also deprives that person of rethinking their life, and maybe become a missionary for children in Afirca or something. You cannot judge a man's life on what he has done, you can judge him about those acts, but not his entire life.  The death penalty is a contradictory measure. On one side, we say we want to protect the value of human life by putting murderers in jail, but on the other, we show utter contempt for that same value. How can you say you are protecting the life of your citizens (because you value it), while at the same time you end someone else's life. This is absurd.  No, for the reasons stated above and one more. Some people don't deserve to live....like SH, for example.  The decision on who deserves to live is not one that can be made with justice by any court on earth. Human life is a value so absolute that to play with it and destroy it is to deny the very foundations of any society: peace and respect fo the human perosn.
You don't mean Ethel and Julius Rosenberg, do you? The Russian spies? Nah, you said wrongfully accused..... Yes, I mean the couple who was wrongly accused of being Russian spies in the 50's and then exicuted. This was stupid for at least two reasons. One, they weren't spies. Back about 5 years ago, they had a family member come out and say that they testified wrongly against them. Second, the whole idea of the Russian threat was some paronoid fantasy by this one guy named McCarthy who was an idiot and a big fraidy cat. Because of his loonicy, too many people lost jobs wrongfully (and lives) and made an entire nation of scared citizens even more frightened.   Besides, the Russians were never really a threat to us in the first place. They were more of a threat to themselves.
Might I suggest that you read up on a little Cold War history. Don't forget to include the parts about the USSR developing nuclear capability in record time. emoticon_wow  If you think that the USSR wasn't a threat, explain Khrushchev's actions at the UN where he pounded his show on the table and proclaimed " We will bury you!" I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country.
You aren't suggesting that the use of the A-bomb was wrong are you? I think the number of innocent lives that were lost was wrong. That it helped end World War II was good. That it ushered in a new era of fear that caused people to no longer trust one another because you don't know who your neighbor was was not good. My main problem with the use of the A-bomb was that it caused the deaths of many who were innocent who probibly didn't even want war. Granted, the Japaneese attacked us first. But that shouldn't mean that we were against all people who were Japaneese (even though many were.)  My main compairison was that the Russians never bombed anyone outside of testing with in their own borders. (Still probibly not a good idea though.) No body wanted a nuclear war. Both sides were ready for a nuclear war but both sides were also affraid of the other side. Most of the "fighting" done during the Cold War was just Big Talk between the sides. But no side really wanted a war. There was more fighting in Korea than between the US and Russia.
What I would call "absurd" is the thought, for example, that a serial killer who has committed dozens of murders over an extended period of time can be rehabilitated. emoticon_wow   That is something you simply do not know, and it is a general principle of crimminal law that you cannot judge a person on a mere suppositon or a possibility.  If human life is an absolute value than how can you allow serial killers to remain a threat to others by NOT executing them?emoticon_confused  Well, because the value of that life doesn't depend on what the perosn does, it is independent from that. I want to protect human life, that's why murderers go to jail, but I can't kill a person as penalty because I deny that very desire to protect life.  What¡s the difference, then, between the state killing a crimminal that has been condemned by a court, and me going to a jail and doing it myself? Should I be put in jail? Wasn't I performing justice?
Are you against abortion?  Yup, I am. :)
You're kidding, right? Nobody could possibly be THAT naive. Do you think Japan ever killed any innocents? Or that Russia never killed any innocents? Ever read the Rape of Nangjing or read about the millions that Stalin killed in his own country? Besides Pearl Harbor, do you know where else Japan bombed on Dec. 7, 1941? The city of Hong Kong. Think any innocents lived there? Or how about the Phillipines? Feeling sorry for Japan in WWII is like feeling sorry for Jeffrey Dahlmer. emoticon_rolleyes  As for Russia, if you think that they wouldn't have used an A-bomb on Germany if they had the capability, then you've passed naive and are bordering on insane. :) Germany killed over 20 million Russians during WWII. No doubt they'd have used anything available to stop the Third Reich. Any time there is any loss of innocent life it is evil. This is why I said what I said in the first place about why I'm against the death penalty. There is a chance that the person was wrongfully accused. But don't be too upset, there was a time when I believed the judical system to always be correct. Infact, it wasn't until fall of '04 that I found that O.J. Simpson actually did kill his wife. See before that, I was like, "but the jury found him not guilty, he's not a bad guy." A jury is usually made up of 12 angry humans who are perfectly capable of making mistakes.  By the way, can you tell me why you think that every one from Japan was for war in WWII? That would be like saying that all Americans were for war with Iraq, or maybe even the Viet Nam War. I guess we couldn't be the "bigger men" or the "better men" by spairing the lives of the innocent. But the killing of innocent lives is a crime of almost every nation and by the way, this has gone to the point of needing another thread.
They ALL would have gladly forfeitted their lives for the emperor. Does that go for the thousands of schoolkids we incinerated that day?
Okay, this thread was about the death penalty. Then it went into Japan and the atom bomb. Here is a link to a new thread I started in the history debates forums where the debate is better suited.   Now hopefully, this can go back to the opinions on the death penalty.
Sometimes, the loss of innocents is an inevitibility, like when an occupied city is being liberated. It's unrealistic to think that no innocents will ever die.  It's utterly fascinating to hear you say this.  You allow for men and their wars killing innocents if and when needed, but see no place in the life circumstances of women.  Very telling. Not really surprising though.
The death penalty should not only be legal, but used MUCH more often... (IE: Death penalty for rape and torture, and after a few 'strikes' for violent crime such as burglary)  I disagree, I'll explain more later.   Why should productive members of society PAY for non productive members of society? Long prison time only costs us money and is a huge waste... I suppose we can do a involuntary servitude thing for first time offenders or something if you have a real problem with killing them though...  It actually saves us money. The death penalty (because of appeals) costs more than solitary confinement for life, both of which would ensure that the person would never kill again. Also I have the same question for drug users, gamblers, etc. Why make society pay to imprison them when all they are doing is hurt themselves?   That is what the appellate system is for. They shouldn't be in the temporary holding cells any longer than the system takes... And it should be vastly sped up (I'm thinking under a year)  How? We have freed over 100 people from death row after finding out they were innocent, and although no hard evidence (impossible BTW) has been found, there has been lots of evidence that in a few cases we even killed innocent people. And you want to speed up the system? Give them less time to appeal?    After harming productive members of society they should not get this choice. They have already made the mistake of harming someone else.  You ever punch someone else? Ever harmed anyone else? Now I know this doesn't apply to murderers because that is unacceptable. If you made the mistake of pulling the trigger (metaphorically, it could be a knife, etc.), you may do it again, so I don't think you should be allowed out in public again. But life w/o parole at the least and if they are really deemed a danger even in prison why not solitary confinement? Remember that costs less than the death penalty.   Citizens lives are far more important than the lives of criminals.  Well since criminals (most of the time) are citizens, that's like saying peoples' lives are far more important than the lives of left-handed people. Sorry, I do understand what you mean though. You mean law-abiding citizens. And the answer is yes, which is why we have a prison system. We shouldn't just kill someone if they commit a crime.   I don't understand how people can put the life of the murder above that of the victim (or even in line with it... Their life is FAR less valuable. They hurt our society and its people. They have no right to live)  This argument is pure XXXX. This is a strawman at its worst. If they were putting the life of the murderer above that of the victim they would be arguing for imprisoning the victim (assuming they didn't die). Equal with it they would be arguing for the criminal to go free. But they aren't. No one advocates letting murderers go free (ok well besides murderers). Everyone has a right to life until that right would endanger others. I say if they try to kill/escape from life w/o parole in prison that's all we should need for the death penalty. But other than that solitary confinement for life should be the worst any human being should get as a punishment, which some could argue is worse than death.   That's hopelessly optimistic. We shouldn't spare all criminals because a few might be innocent.  hmm, let's just kill everyone, don't let the fact that most are innocent get in the way. Let's face it, our court system is corrupt. If you can't afford a lawyer, you're not going to get one even close to the level of the prosecution. There was a recent case where the court-appointed lawyer bragged that he never carried more papers with him than could fit in his pocket. The law proffessor at the University of Maryland (this happened in Baltimore) said he would have flunked a first year law student for handing in the brief he handed in to the judge. In this case the guy was sentenced to life w/o parole when the only evidence the prosecution had was that he was seen with the person who committed the assault on that same day in the morning. That was all. Not only that, but the person who was accused of the assault (the only evidence they had against this person with a court-appointed lawyer) was found not guilty. Yet this guy, supposedly an accomplice to the guy found not guilty, was sentenced to life w/o parole. Yet OJ Simpson has almost all the evidence pointing towards him and he gets off. The court system is corrupt, money can buy, if not freedom, a better chance at a favorable ruling.
Dead people don't kill again  People in solitary confinement don't kill again either. People just in prison almost never kill again. If he/she is a cold-blooded murderer, put them in solitary confinement. If you think you can trust them with other prisoners but with no access to a weapon, just put them in prison. You should also note that the one scenario I think the death penalty is acceptable for is if they try to escape using violence or if they attack another prisoner. This has shown that they are willing to commit acts of violence and frankly have nothing to lose. When that's true and most likely there is a video-tape of it, we also eliminate the problem of false convictions. But other than that I say go the cheaper, reversable route. So if we find out we made a mistake we can still set the person free, and we still acheive the desired results. People in solitary confinement NEVER kill, and the only case I remember of a prisoner killing was when they stole the police officer's gun. And that was when like a 110 lb woman was escorting this big strong black guy. He overpowered her and took the gun. Other than that I doubt anyone kills again when they are actually IN prison.
You do realize that if they do murder somebody while they are in prison, it will most likely be another prisoner, since the guards are armed? It will likely be another prisoner but not because the guards are armed. They generally aren't.  Do you think death a greater punishment than life imprisonment? I don't.  Dead people don't kill again Dead people can't suffer either. Why end their suffering if it serves to deter other would-be criminals?
 There have been cases where criminals were sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole and then later released by a liberal judge or politician.  Why don't you cite a few of these cases?
Actually, the idea that the death penalty costs more than lifetime imprisonment has been disproved many times. The lowest estimate of the yearly cost for imprisoning somebody is around $22,000. The average amount of time a prisoner spends imprisoned after getting a life sentence is 60 years. Take into account the cost of building jails in order to house all these prisoners and you up the amount even more. After the average of 60 years for a life sentence, tax payers have spent $1,320,000 on ONE SINGLE PERSON. Imagine what this money could do in the education system? You said yourself, the only thing that may push the cost of the death penalty over life imprisonment is the ridiculous amount of appeals that are given. If only one appeal was given before the sentence was final, it would be far cheaper to exectue somebody than imprison them for life. How many times does a person need to prove their innocence? If they can't do it in the initial trial and after one appeal, sorry, game over...you lose. You can read more at this site: http://www.cwrl.utexas.edu/~tonya/spring/cap/pro5.htm   Most studies disagree with that cost opinion due to the actuality of our lengthy appeals process. Here's one study:  ~North Carolina spends more per execution than on a non-death penalty murder case The most comprehensive death penalty study in the country found that the death penalty costs North Carolina $2.16 million more per execution than the a non-death penalty murder case with a sentence of life imprisonment (Duke University, May 1993). On a national basis, these figures translate to an extra cost of over $1 billion spent since 1976 on the death penalty. The study,"The Costs of Processing Murder Cases in North Carolina" is available on line at www-pps.aas.duke.edu/people/faculty/cook/comnc.pdf.~  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=108&scid=7  This site has many cost studies from various states, including Florida and Texas. The cost comments from Texas, king of execution states, state an execution is three times the cost of incarceration.
There is no excuse for the death penalty. Killing to prove someone that Killing is wrong is, well, wrong. Also, it is not morally right, under any circumstance, to kill a human being, unless in you are in immenant danger and are doing it in self defense.
Did you know that it costs more to prosecute and keep a capitol offender in jail than to send someone to prison for life?  So, Life in Prison is essencially cheaper.  And even if it WAS more expensive, how much money is a human life worth?
It's not the actual killing that cost so much. It is the appeals process, the average 15 years every condemned prisoner spends on death row, receiving free state appointed lawyers and defense teams, court costs, cost of guards to watch and transport prisoners, etc etc etc. If you want to cut costs, reform the appeals process.  Your "creative" methods of execution are amusing, but not likely to be adopted by any civilized society.   And I take exception to your last comment. One might say that it would take a total lack of common sense for someone to think that the actual execution was what cost so much money, and to suggest that by lopping off heads or drowning people we could save mass amounts of money...but I would not paint with that broad brush...it would be rude and show a level of ignorance I am not comfortable with. emoticon_wow  How bout this, we get rid of the Death penalty alltogether. Problem solved!
Then we kill all of them.  How much money is a human life worth?  $37,000.00  Thats how much the government spends on safty related stuff like trafic lights gaurd rails bla bla bla to keep you alive.  You are worth $37,000.00.   Im not a young republican. Im a liberal, but i dont believe in gun control. Theres a difference. Nature is a bitch, and it is nature that animals kill animals. But animals dont have free will, we do. So, nature is no excuse for murder.  But what am i talking about here? Since when has our government cared about "moral"? I mean, were torturing inmates at secret prisons in other countrys, and im talking about whats "moral". You think human lives are worth $37,000.00, and i think you cant put a price on human lives. Whose the Repub. now?
   A serial killer's ? about the cost of a bullet.  Serial killers are psyco, and not moral. Thats why they deserve prison time. But for us, and human beings in our right minds, to kill another human being when we ourselves are in no mortal and immediate danger is sick.  Only if you keep erecting more hoops in the way of justice.  This is hilarious. You're complaining about the "hoops" in the way of justice, when you are about the execute a human being?  If one innocent life was killed by the DP, then that means everyone who supports the death penalty deserves death, and thats the paradox of the death penalty.
A gun-toting liberal. Isn't that an oxymoron? emoticon_confused  I rest my case.   Sheesh, anybody who shows the least bit of common sense now days is accused of being a left-winger.   buckwheat  Lmao, thats chain mail material right there.
Au contraire, anybody showing the least bit of common sense is usually a conservative. emoticon_xgood    The only conservitave i know with common sense is my imaginary friend Alfred.  And im not THAT much of a Left winger, im more of a Liberatarian. But i still do believe in a lot of Liberal Ideas.
...again proving that liberalism is a mental disorder.emoticon_xhoho  Have you watched the debate episode of "The West Wing"? For those who havent, dont be throwing the word liberal at our feet like its trash. Liberals ended slavery, liberals got women the right to vote, liberals gave blacks civil rights. And do you know who opposed all of that? The conservatives. So think before you use the word liberal like its a bad thing.
Hmm...I applaud your sentiment, shooterandproud, but I'm not sure an episode of the West Wing is a the best reference to use to back up your claims. :)  Maybe "progressive" would be a better word than liberal in the context you're using it. Socialists had a lot to do with women getting the right to vote, If I remember correctly. And wasn't Lincoln Republican? (tho I guess that didn't make him conservative per se) Civil rights, too, were fostered by more than just "liberals".  That's not to say that I disagree with what you said, just trying to help with terminology, as the wackiest of conservatives just love to nitpick and try to make you look stupid if you don't phrase something just right. Why do you think they're so ambiguous so often? It's hard to tie a person down when they squirm alot. Think Rush Limbaugh. I know, I know, listening to him talk is like driving nails into your ears, but you hafta listen every now and then so you can get an idea of what average Joe (he has 60 million listeners, he claims) is getting from talk-radio. Rush absolutely drools (you can hear saliva dripping on his mike, I swear) when a "liberal" calls him up and attempts to point out a lie or omission or distortion. He twists every word that comes out of their mouth, gets them (he hopes) angry enough to "insult" him, then can justifiably claim that "liberals have no ideas of their own, all they can do is naysay." It's a neat trick, if you can master it.  I just stated that it was from The West Wing because i didnt want to be posting copywrite material without citing the source. And Lincoln was a Liberal Republican. What happened to those?  And on a side note, i agree with your whole post.
LOL. Jefferson was a Liberal.......and he'd turn over in his grave at what passes for a liberal today. emoticon_frazzled  Exactly why im not hardcore.
If ever we had a system that was absolutely fair and equal to all defendants and no mistakes could be made .... I could support the death penalty. Since these conditions are impossible .... I do not. In the past decade, an average of over three countries a year have abolished the death penalty in law and, with support declining in the U.S., I have no doubt that the day will come when we join the rest of the western world.
Yeah, no offense intended shooter. I don't watch much television, as I'm deathly afraid of psychosis via constant bombardment w/advertising. I like "Lost" tho. But....  Not true; it simply means that the system has flaws inherent in it. We can and should do everything in our power to minimize them (appeals, the right to confront one's accuser, etc.), but I don't agree to throwing out the baby with the bath water. To take an example: the tax-code contains numerous loopholes that allow unscrupulous folks to take advantage of it and keep money that many argue they should be paying into the system. I support many taxes, for roads, public parks, etc. Does that mean I should do prison time with all the Ken Lays out there?  There are some people that deserve to be permanently removed from human society. That's my opinion, and as such has nothing to do with any god. Since no one can prove that anything other than blind fate brought a person into this world, I don't see why I can't vote to take someone out of it. If there's ever an Amendment proposed, and actively debated in Congress, outlawing the death penalty I'll be there on the Capitol lawn (well, on the street anyway) protesting it, since I firmly believe there are some folks who need to be pulled out of the gene pool for the good of the rest of us.   Of course, keep in mind that I don't really believe in the paradox, I just think that its true. Wait a sec..., you get what I mean. I don't think it should be fufilled, but it is true.  There have been way too many people that have suffered great pain because of a careless executioner, or other reasons. Its not so much the death of the inmate that I hate (I still do hate it though), its waiting in a small cell for 10 years knowing you are going to die. That is pure torture. If somehow he/she whould be a free man/woman until the day of his/her execution, then I would feel a bit better. Or if they were executed right after their conviction. Sadly, these to things cannot be ever acheived, as they do not work.  I still don't think it's morally right to kill someone when you are in mortal danger, I don't think it has bad reasons. Murdering a human being just to make the victim's family "feel better" is in no way right.
JPSartre12 wrote:   Did he? What evidence, if I may, backs up that assertion? Did he write that in his diary? Or is that the claim of someone else, a contemporary or two perhaps? And could slaves have been freed in territories, legally? Since they were territories, not States in the Union, what law would've been there to enforce such a decree? Or, did you mean to say that he never initiated a law to prevent slavery in the forming of new territories? Not trying to pick a fight, you understand. I'm just looking for clarification on such a bold claim, since it implies that Lincoln did not free them, even in part, because he felt that slavery in and of itself was an evil thing, and that it was high time to do away with it.   _________________________________________________________________  Shooterandproud:   (I'm guessing you meant to say when they aren't in mortal danger, right?) But hey, this is essentially just how the system works: You're tried and either convicted or acquitted. The cool part is that if you're convicted you can appeal; the State can't appeal an acquittal. It's a fact that the appeals process can take quite a long time, depending on what court, too, you were first convicted in. You might have a long way to go to get to the top where the decision would be final (assuming the Supr. Court even agreed to hear your case, and since they only go to work on avg. 9 days a month it ain't likely). Now, if they weren't so busy trying and convicting people for merely possessing or using drugs or shoplifting or writing bad checks or any of the other inane things we clog the court system with, it could be that the process would move along quite a bit quicker. Or maybe not. (completely off topic: we certainly aren't clogging our courts with terrorists. doh! giving away too much info. on my ideology!!!) And I don't know if I believe that the majority of people on death row are there simply to make the victim's families "feel better." I'd assumed it was for the benefit of all of us. Making the families feel good is just a fringe benefit, and one that likely doesn't do all that much anyway.   Yes i did mean to say Isnt in mortal danger. I agree with most of your post, but what other purpose does the death penatly serve other than to make victims familys "feel better".
I'm not sure how the Emancipation Proclamation proves that "Lincoln freed the slaves in the South to cause economic chaos and to get blacks to fight for the North." Lincoln obviously believed the Federal Government had the power to abolish slavery. Or else he did it by accident. Either way, he did just what you're saying he didn't believe in! Whether he'd changed his mind from a previous viewpoint is irrelevant. At least whoever posted that Wiki article had the decency to include this line:  That he was obviously confused and conflicted as to what that official duty required I'm not contesting. But I don't think the whole matter can be simplified quite as much as the line above. Add the words, "among other reasons" and I'd give it a go.  ______________________________________________________________  Besides making (some families) feel better, the death penalty removes the offending individual from society for good. No worries, on to the next wacko. If the courts weren't as clogged, and the process not so bloated and expensive, it would accomplish that objective a lot cheaper than jailing a guy for 20 years or so. Like I said, telling someone they're gonna die of old age (if they're lucky) in prison just smacks of cruelty to me. Unfortunately it's not at all unusual in the United States.  Get non-violent offenders out of the hell that is prison, execute the really bad ones, and suddenly you have far less people to feed, clothe, house and keep alive. You would, though, have quite a few uses for that money you saved. Rehabilitation might be a good idea, instead of kicking 'em to the street to sink or swim. America doesn't think like that. America sometimes forgets the part about these men (mostly black) having "paid their debt". Worse, I think America gives the absurd excuse that she is a "land of opportunity", i.e. the cream rises to the top. Who wants to help an ex-con find a job? Why shouldn't they have to earn it, too? There is a very not-so-subtle message, it seems, all through our culture that, to me, defeats it's own purpose: anyone can make it here. What might the effect of that idea, so pervasive, be on poor people? "If you haven't 'made it', it can only be your own fault. After all, in America, all it takes is hard work." Nothing about breeding, nepotism, mistrust, blind ambition, backstabbing, luck, greed, social class, bribery.... Let's face it: working hard does not guarantee you a comfortable life. I have a lot of sympathy for ex-convicts, but I still favor the death penalty. And not just because it offers some small relief to the family of the victim, but also one lest a-hole we all have to worry about. As long as the rules were followed, and all appeals exhausted, I have no problem with it for the crimes I listed. (And I guess I should specify 2nd or 3rd degree child molestation, since I don't think every delusional nutjob who flashes some kid should be executed. But if they touch 'em, they're fair game.)  I just think that if all non-volent offenders were out of jail then we'd have A LOT more room. Drug users and dealers clog all of our prisons up, if we legalize marjuana or give them community service, then i think that this would be a better place. I do agree with you on that part.  BUT, i think that once a prisoner turns 70 then he/she should be released from prison, unless the crime was commited 10 years before age 70. If there is more crime because of this, then i would either get rid of gun control or stop this rule to make our streets safer. I dont think the DP is the answer.
emoticon_wow Might I suggest that you try reading a little Civil War history before making any more silly comments? :)  What do you think happened when slaves found out that the Union army was coming? As soon as the Union Army got close, they left their plantations and headed to the Yankee lines, that's what happened. Many joined the Union Army and the rest headed North as Freemen. What effect do you think that had on the southern economy? :xbanghead   The Emancipation Proclamation  emoticon_xdonno   *slowly reaches for back button*
Who has the right to say when you're life ends? The Founding Fathers of this country said that Life, Liberty, and the persuit of happiness are the 3 rights that cannot be taken away.  I would agree that the death penalty should be removed. The people convicted cannot suffer and feel bad for the crime they commited if they are dead.  I also feel bad for the familes of the people they send to death. If the people were in jail for life instead of being put to death, at least their husbands, wives, mothers, brothers, etc. could visit or at least know they are alive and well.
Misdirected sympathy for the perp and his family is as close to sickening as sympathy gets. At least the husbands, wives, mothers, brothers, etc. OF THE VICTIM would be able to visit or at least know they're family members are alive if the criminal hadn't KILLED THEM!!  I cry REALLY big CROCODILE tears for death-row criminals and their poor, misunderstood families every day! The sooner they are dead, the better off the rest of us will be. Kill everybody on death row...TOMORROW!!! That will free up some space for the next batch of incorrigible, POS, scumbag, worthless stealers of life and liberty. I say let's empty all death rows in all prisons on a monthly basis. I'll bring the ammo!emoticon_xhoho emoticon_xhoho  Japan does it right. They don't set a date for the execution. They don't have weeping, candlelight vigils at the appointed hour. The first thing the immediate family knows of the criminal's death is when the body arrives at their front door for burial. Kudos to Japan!  Wow, thats cold, cruel, and disgusting. I had no idea that your ideas were so barbaric. Let me remind you that the death row inmates are probably suffering more and for longer than the victim. Your logic dates back to ancient times, you are moving us backward in time. We should be moving forward, toward abolishing the death penalty and being more human to convicts. We need prison reform, as our justice system has been perverted beyond belief by conservatives and cold hearted people.
2) The ONLY way to stop a killer is to kill him.Life without possibility of parole seems to work as well unless you're concerned about him possibly killing another inmate. Somehow I don't think you'd shed a tear in this case.
Except this creates inmates who no longer have anything to lose. Inmates with nothing to lose are more likely to be assaultive on staff, fellow inmates, etc. They are far more likely to attempt escape, and far more likely to kill in the course of that escape knowing that if they are apprehended that they will likely never see the light of day again.   Not one executed offender has ever assaulted or killed again, and to my knowledge, not one executed offender has ever escaped from prison.   I like the odds better when they are dead.Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.
What about closure? Selfish I know, but somehow it seems like at least for me it would give me closure knowing the man who murdered my father is forever gone. That said I am still on the fence but I am too close to the subject to have an untainted opinion.You aren't the actual victim, you are kin to the victim. I never said revenge isn't satisfying. Let's call it what it is though.
What evidence is there that the spirit of a victim robbed of it's treasure of life takes no joy in being avenged?You're joking I trust? Where's the evidence of the victim having a "spirit"?
What evidence is there that the spirit of a victim robbed of it's treasure of life takes no joy in being avenged?  Where is the evidence that the spirit feels emotion, and furthermore, where is the evidence that a spirit even exists?
This seems to be where we differ. You call it revenge, I call it punishment. (hence the name "capitol punishment").   So tell me, why do you consider it punishment to lock someone in a cage for the rest of their life (sometimes 60+ years), yet it is automatically revenge to execute them? Couldn't we turn around and state that it is simply revenge to lock someone in a cage for 50 years? I don't buy it. I see revenge as something that affected parties would persue outside the judicial theatre, and punishment as something society persues inside the judicial theatre. Difference there. This is why juries are supposed to be made up of fair and impartial members, not members of the family.   Only people personally affected by the crime (ie. relative and friends of the victim, etc.) can seek revenge. I as an impartial outsider brought in as a juror in such a case seeks to determine innocence or guilt, and in most cases determines the severity of punishment, up to and including death. How could I call it revenge against the convicted when s/he has not done anything to me personally?To clarify: I see the desire of the family of victims to see the perp dead a desire(righteous) for revenge. For the State it is certainly punishment. Not nearly enough IMO. Notice how unsatisfying Saddam's death is?
There is more evidence in the "belief" of a human spirit than has ever been provided in opposition to the possibility.  "Belief" is irrelevant. Where is the hard evidence that spirits exist and can feel hatred?
"This" coming from one who justifies the aborting of the innocent  WOOA! Hold on and stop right there. This "innocent" you are referring to can cause catastrophic psychological and physical effects to a woman, not to mention the ruining of the rest of your life. I know that the embryo can't help it, but a dog that mauls me to death cannot help it either.      who depends on it's creators for safety and well being.  False. There is no "dependance" which you speak of. An embryo or zygote cannot feel any emotion at all, therefore they could care less if they were aborted or not.    Innocents are expendable  Wrong. Embryo's aren't quite so innocent as stated above.     while those who disregard the right to stay alive of "their" victims deserve consideration.  The stress experienced on the way to the death chamber is just a portion of what is deserved by a murderer or rapist.  Its hardly stress. It puzzles me that you would excecute a person but save a single cell. Really shows what value you put on human life.     The terror of meeting death by the hand of another was disregarded by the murderer.  Irrelevant, as it has already been done. It still doesn't justify the emotional torture of incarcerated men and women now days.    He deserves the stress and the reward.  Your response must include dismissal of the victims and families of the criminal.  You are in no position to make the judgement.
It exist in the same file that the proof that they do not exist.  The crux of your argument is that since "you" do not believe, it can not be.No, the fact that you cannot demonstrate it's reality makes it irrelavant.
1. This creates an argument about "who" causes the problems. The irresponsible actions of people who are not ready to parent,  So its that persons fault if they get mauled by the dog if they went into their front yard to deliver mail?      or the product of their irresponsibility? You make many assumptions based on what you want to believe.  And you don't? Thats pretty hypocritical.    The only evidence you have that a child in womb has no instinct to survive or that spirits have no opinions of what happened to them because they do not exist are figments of your creation of excuses for killing babies and defending murderers right to life.  I highly doubt that cellular watersacks living parasitically off of a woman have "souls" or "spirits". This is not an assumption on what I believe, this is science, not a Steven King story.     2. Abortions occur and are defended well past the point of even your twisted description of what, if not scraped away would be a child.  The aborting of the cellular watersacs has met too much opposition and just shows that many americans posses no common sense. I don't really know whats "twisted" about an abortion, but you do bend words a little too much.       3. Elaborate on it's percentage of guilt and it's motives.  If you place a piece of cheese on the floor and a mouse comes and eats it, whose fault is it, the cheese's or the mouse's?      4. The "lives" that "I" value are the innocents created by people not ready to parent and the victims of people who disregard the right to life of their victims and the torment of their victim's families.  You should value all of their lives equally, thats something you use many times in an abortion debate, why should it not apply everywhere equally?     If you can not relate, you have not experienced the loss of a loved one to a murderer.  No, but I am familiar with the hatred that follows.     5. Your proclamation of "irrelevance", once again constitutes dismissal of the victims and their families.  I do care very much for them, however breeding hate and death is hardly the answer to this mess.     6. Of course I am. I pay taxes and I vote.  How is voting relevant to knowing other human being's circumstances? Are you a telepathic voter?
I do not see any connection between this "murder" that youspeak of , and abortion.  Maybe he's referring to the watersack? I know it seems absurd, but these pro-lifers are getting less intelligent these days.
1. I placed the statement in your quote so you could read it again.  I need you to explain the comparison of a dog attack to irresponsible action.  I know exactly what you are saying. You are telling me that delivering mail is an irresponsible action (if you know what I mean).      2. Nothing hypocritical about me accusing you of something unless I claim to not do the same. I didn't.  That wasn't the point. The point was you assuming all women with unwanted pregnancies are irresponsible.     3. The instinct to survive has nothing to do with souls or spirit. A being that is prodded or poked with an instrument and moves in reaction is motivated by instinct. Speaking of spirits of victims is simply a right in the constitution. You know, the one about speech? Science has proven nothing concerning the existence of spirits.  Sure, you an speak about it, but I don't think you will have much luck legislating it.      4. So, you're denying that the object you now refer to as a cellular watersack would become a baby if not scrapped away?  Theres an over 20% chance it wont. Unless its a 100% assurance, I'm not buying it.      5. What does this have to do with your accusation of guilt of an embryo? Quote by Shooter: (Wrong. Embryo's aren't quite so innocent)  Please give more thought to your comparisons.  I did. Please give more thought to your interpretations. My point was, the embryo is harming someone whether it likes it or not.      6. I opt not to place the same value on the lives of murderers  Then that makes you hypocritical, as you're picking and choosing who's lives to value. Doesn't that go against the whole pro-life thing?    or those who view babies who depend on them for their very lives as expendable.  There is more the the abortion issue than the watersacks.    Victims of murderers would choose life if given the choice. A baby would choose life if not scrapped away.  Actually, it wouldn't. A baby can not make a decision let alone a watersack. However, a mother can, and a mother knows her circumstances best, therefore it is only logical to let her make the decision for both.      7. If you are personally familiar with the hatred that accompanies a murderer, then you must know a victim's family member. If not, you are not familiar. You can not fathom the deep seeded hatred and anger.  Fine, you got me there. Keep in mind, though, that you can never fully understand the abortion issue because you've never been pregnant let alone being plauged with an unwanted pregnancy.     Fathers, brothers and husbands hate even themselves for their failure to protect a girl they loved.  The misery and helplessness can not be put into words.  And what about how the inmate feels? I understand he should be punished, but death? Did you see the movie "The Chamber" last night? I forgot which channel it was on, but I read the book. The movie had an even more interesting take on the death penalty.      8. Hate and death was bred by the murderer.  Its bread by both and you know it.    It is the unfortunate side effect that the victim and their loved ones must endure.  I sympathize, however how will killing the offender make any difference in bringing their lost one back?    9. Voting is the power the average citizen has. Paying taxes is his contribution to society. Did I mention that I have "no" concern for the feelings of murderers or those who would scrape away what would become a baby?  You were sure as hell implying it.    Making bad decisions, such as murder and scrapping babies quickly causes me to be less concerned about "circumstances" that may otherwise stir my sympathies.   Exactly. When was the last time you became pregnant? The thing is, you will never be, and that is what makes your decisions so invalid and hypocritical.  And to clear some things up, murder is a bad decision, watersack aborting is (usually) not.
1. You really do need to clarify your comparison. It makes no sense to me. People indulging in activity that makes babies when they do not want one and a dog attack in the yard?  First, i'm curious to know why you call having sex "indulging", as I really don't see how sex has to do with "indulging". Second, the people didn't intend to have a baby, just like the mailman didn't intend to get attacked. There wasn't a good chance that they would have a baby, just like there was a good chance the mail man wouldn't get attacked by a dog.        2. I give no thought to the circumstances of how a woman becomes pregnant.  And that is where you lost all of your credibility. That is the main thing that we need to consider. The watersack comes next, but the human comes first. This also shows that you do not care about our species at all.   What matters to me is what they do to or for the baby.  And? You choose to worry about the watersack, i worry about the woman. I find it quite offensive that you think watersacks are more important than women. Now wheres Jito?   But women should give thought to what effect can come from taking the risk. But whining and begging society not to judge her for her lack of forethought and selfishness move guilt from her to society for having an opinion of her actions. The involved man is likewise guilty.  They do, and theres usually a very slight chance that they may have a baby. But, they used a condom, and if that fails, she used a pill, and if that fails then as a last resort she can have an abortion. Many women are at peace with those odds, and tearing away their safety net is not the right thing to do IMO. Denying women an abortion is like denying a man who was hit by a car medical help. You would say "Nope, sorry. Its all your fault because you decided to take the risk of crossing the street". "But the light was green (resemblance to birth control)". "Well, sorry" you'd say. "You still crossed the street, you should've called for a helicopter lift or something." I am at loss for words at the absurdity of your position.   3. You have a retention problem. I have several times stated that legislating concerning abortion is not my desire. Convincing people to conduct themselves with forethought and consideration of possible decisions that may cause pain is all I have in mind.  Well then I apologize, as i probably got you confized with DrNo.     4. Your standards concerning the lives of others are pitiful.  MY standards? Look in the mirror, Pinocchio. You have no problem excecuting human beings, but you cherish the life of a single cell at another human beings expense.      5. The embryo is a victim. Not the source of pain. wow  Wow, what? I though victims could only be intelligent life forms. I didn't know that anything made of organic material could be. Are the weeds in my garden victims too? I should have a funeral.   6. Did I say I am pro life?  It would only be logical to assume so.    Forget it. That, like Pro choice is politically correct XXXX. I believe that bad people should be dead and society has the duty to assist that end. But this warped society would rather fight for the right to kill the most dependent beings on the planet and make excuses for the killers.  Wow, well I guess we are in huge disagreement.    7. Of course, but it all boils down to a dead baby due to irresponsibility.  Last time I checked the law books, killing a baby was illegal. Unless theres some underground, back alley, black market baby killing buisness that I didn't know about.    8. Any mother who places her welfare ahead of the life of the child she was stupid enough to create does not deserve the right to make decisions. She's stupid.  I agree 100%. However, how is this relevant to abortion?     9. I only need to understand that a child's body should not be scraped away to accomodate anybodies convenience.  Whenever anyone uses the word "convenience" to describe pregnancy is obviously trivializing it. Tell me, Gman, when was the last time you got pregnant?     10. I care about the feelings of a murderer the way he cared for his victim and his victim's family's feelings. I never allow myself to forget the victim.  I understand that, but why is the killing necessary?     11. It would never have began had the murderer not committed his deed.[/quote]  It takes two to tango.   12. It won't. It is simply the right thing to do.  And your proof of this is where? The rest of the civilized countries in the world don't really agree with you.     13. Oh no. I'm not implying it. I'm clarifying it that I emphatically do not give a damn about the welfare of murderers and baby scrapers.  What do you mean by baby scrapers? Do you mean babies born with a disease (forgot its name), and the doctors who have to scrap the baby's feet as treatment? Well, I'm not sure they do it to baby's, but if they do, are you referring to the doctors who give this treatment to babys? Yes, i know its painful but its necessary.     14. My only problem with your statement here is that I'm a hypocrite. I have not pretended to be for something and then turned. Your favorite argument is that someone is a hypocrite.  I wonder why that is?     15. You have clarified that you don't like murder and that your concern is for the treatment of murderers.  Yes. I know that they're dirtbags and yes they deserved to be punished but nothing warrants this torture.    And that disposing of babies for convenience sake is acceptable to you.  No, its not. In fact I believe abandoning babies is illegal in this country. I could be mistaken though.    Be proud. You're a nice person that murderers pray for on their juries.    I will not aquitt a murderer, however i do not like to see any human being mistreated, probably a concept you don't understand on account of your mistreatment to our species.
Unsatisfying to whom exactly? For me, it was pretty satisfying. I watched the coverage with a large Margarita in my hand, and had a very satisfying tropical sip when they announced that he was officially dead. But then again, I had a personal reason to dislike Saddam, he was the reason I got pulled half way around the world and stuck in a sandbox when his army invaded Kuwait.   But then again, my personal dislike of Saddam is nothing compared with the vast majority of Iraqi citizens who dealt with his brutal reign of terror for years and years.   Satisfaction with his death is surely a subjective argument. You may not feel a level of satisfaction, but rest assured that many do. Jumping into the fray here, your reaction supports a general standing theory I have that the desire for the death penalty is nothing more than a desire for vengeance. Vengeance is a natural human emotion. I am sure I would also feel a desire for vengeance if a loved one were brutally killed. If we, as a society, honestly look at the issue and admit that our desire for state sanctioned vengeance overrides all other considerations, then, by all means, we should continue to have the death penalty. However, I, for one, am uncomfortable with the thought of our justice system being based not on reasoned analysis but on sattisfying our strongest basest emotions. Should we, as a society, indulge the emotion of vengeance? That is the question.
I think it is very important to make a distinction between revenge and punishment. In my opinion, these are two different motives. I believe there are certain crimes where the death penalty is an acceptable punishment. Revenge implies that I have some sort of personal interest in seeing a person executed. My belief in the death penalty stems from the brutality of the crime, not from my own desire to enact "sanctioned vengeance." It is extremely important not to confuse punishment and revenge. What, in your view, is the purpose of "punishment"?   I would think that, for most people, "punishment" implies the imposition of a certain type of suffering on the offender so that the offender does not repeat the action that resulted in the punishment. In that sense, it is a type of teaching tool - teaching them a lesson not to do that type of criminal action again. From that point of view, the death penalty cannot be viewed as a punishment against the offender since there will be no offender left that will have learned the lesson - he will be dead.  For others, "punishment" might include an automatic imposition of a government action (via imprisonment, death penalty, etc.) in response to an offender's action (i.e. crime) so that those who might contemplate a crime will realize that the automatic punishment follows and will thus be dissuaded from the crime. From that point of view, one could argue that the purpose of the death penalty would be to dissuade others from committing such extreme crimes. Theoretically, one would think that it would have a large effect but most studies I have seen point to the presence of the death penalty in a state playing very little role in the homicide rates in that state. Indeed, in general, states without the death penalty seem to have lower homicide rates. Thus, homicide rates are more dependent on local economies, etc. than on any dissuading factor of a fear of punishment.
1. Mailmen get paid to deliver mail. The mailman has no choice in making his delivery. A dog attack is a matter of negligence on the dog owner's part.  I don't mean a mailman. I mean one of those people who delivers those advertisements to your door. They do have a choice.      People engaged in the act that creates a child have a choice. If they indulge in that act without regard to the possibility of harm to that baby, they are guilty of self indulgence and selfishness.  Thats only your opinion. Thats an opinion they may not share.      2./3. My credibility is effected by the actions under which women become pregnant?  No, you misinterpreted it. I'm saying your statement, either you're sexist or just negligent. I assume you're negligent (I could be wrong), and that can affect your credibility.     You are the one applying the term "watersack" to what if left alone would become a child.  If left alone it would die. There is no 100% garuntee.     4. Crossing the street, getting hit by a car? Getting pregnant, killing a child for the sake of convenience. You really need to think these comparisons out better.  I don't. First of all, nothing is convenient about pregnancy, I don't know where you got that, and that word carries no weight coming out of your mouth because you haven't been pregnant before. Second, if the situation were turned, you would probably say "Purposely indulging in an act that carries risk to your own body for your own convenience and then committing suicide" if we were talking about peds. getting hit by cars.       6. I have not lied, nor changed my stance. Resorting to calling names does not lend credence to your argument.  What does lying or changing your stance have to do with being hypocritical?    I not only approve of executing criminals, I demand it. I do not enjoy when it occurs, but consider it the right thing to do.  Everyone in this country may not share your flawed perception. Many think its wrong, many think its right, and no one is more powerful than the other or more right than the other.     I do cherish the process with which the life of an innocent comes to be. It is what should be the beginning of life for one not so entwined in itself that it would consider it's own convenience above the life of another who is innocent.  Thats your twisting of words, and not mine. The beginning of a human being is the first sign on intelligence, not the first sign of DNA. What similarities do we share besides DNA?     7. Not worthy of a response.  Oh come on, Gman. I could've dodged a question better than that. If you're going to run away from my arguments, at least do it in a sneaky way.     8. Yes, it would. I just don't use politically correct terms to define myself.  Ok, but are you the defonition of the politically correct term "pro-life"?    10. symantics.  What?    11. Yes, you say you agree 100%. It is relevant due to the fact that the woman "makes the choice".  She does not make a choice once the embryo (if the embryo) becomes a child.      12. Convenience is not being used to describe "being pregnant". It is being used to describe the act of abortion so as not to be "inconvenienced" by pregnancy.  You practically just stated "Convenience is not being used to describe 'being pregnant', its being used to describe pregnancy". Could you please restate that?    13. Because it is the right thing to do. Murderers and rapist forfeit their right to life when they ignore the rights of their victims.  Since when?     14./15. You are shitting me with this assinine statement aren't you?   Whats so "assinine" about it?     16. Fortunately for me I'm not worried about world opinion. heh?  I would advise listening to it once in awhile. The KKK said the same thing.    17. When babies are aborted. the remnants of it's body must be scraped from the womb.  First, a baby cannot live inside of a womb. Second, I thought they used some sort of vaccum to get it out.    18. You wonder why what is? Why you resort to name calling?  Please state the name that I called you.     That's usually a symptom of lack of confidence in one's argument.  Where is your proof of that?     19. What torture do you refer to? The fate that they forced upon their victims?  Being locked in a cage like an animal with thugs for 23 hours a day, being beaten by guards and living in inhumane living conditions.    20. You twist my statement as you can not accept responsibility for your own ideals concerning the scraping and disposal of what would be a child if left alone without shame. I suspect.  Your statement was twisted enough as it is now. I only twisted it back because you twisted it in the first place.     21. I did not say that you would not verdict fairly. I say you would never condemn to death. That too falls upon a juror. They make recommendations to the judge for the sentence and most often judges accept the jury's recommendation. My concern for the victims and the families suggest that I care for the right people. Those tortured through no action of their own.  "The right of the people"? To be more accurate, you should rephrase that to "The right of some people".
I have said that I might support the death penalty if it was fair to all and error free .... which it will never be. My state (Texas) is the undisputed champion of executions, counting for 45% of all U.S. executions in 2006, yet we rank number 15 in the murder rate. I believe that the time will come when the U.S. joins the rest of the western world in doing away with the practice of State killing. Of the 38 states that allow capital punishment, only 14 carried out executions and just 6 conducted more than 1 last year. Of the 11 scheduled for the needle in Texas the first part of this year 1 has been on death row for 31 years. A life-without-parole law was passed here in 2005 and should have a substantial effect on the population of our death row.
This seems to be where we differ. You call it revenge, I call it punishment. (hence the name "capitol punishment").   So tell me, why do you consider it punishment to lock someone in a cage for the rest of their life (sometimes 60+ years), yet it is automatically revenge to execute them? Couldn't we turn around and state that it is simply revenge to lock someone in a cage for 50 years? I don't buy it. I see revenge as something that affected parties would persue outside the judicial theatre, and punishment as something society persues inside the judicial theatre. Difference there. This is why juries are supposed to be made up of fair and impartial members, not members of the family.   Only people personally affected by the crime (ie. relative and friends of the victim, etc.) can seek revenge. I as an impartial outsider brought in as a juror in such a case seeks to determine innocence or guilt, and in most cases determines the severity of punishment, up to and including death. How could I call it revenge against the convicted when s/he has not done anything to me personally? There is a question that one can pose which cuts to the question of whether capital punishment is vengeance or, as you claim, punishment. Namely, if, while waiting on that death row, the offender truly did make a complete conversion (through faith or some other means) to become a safe, responsible individual to the point where even you would see that he was no longer dangerous, would you still want him to be executed?   Also, what specifically, in your view, is the purpose of punishment?
Absolutely. Regardless of any "conversion" that is made, the convicted has still been given a punishment for a crime committed. That punishment should be carried out regardless of any new found goodness that the criminal may have. Otherwise, why lock anyone up in jail in the first place? And how exactly would you judge whether someone has made "a complete conversion" as you put it. I'm not suggesting that criminals cannot and do not change...of course they do. But I am sure that many would simply try to take advantage of such a societal trust. However, I consider this to be irrelevent. Civilized society demands a penalty for transgression against it's laws, up to and including death.  In the question to you, I presented a scenario of a conversion where "even you would see that he was no longer dangerous" - which means a real conversion, not a faked one. Granted, this is a hypothetical question not truly a practical one since we currently have no sure-fire way of testing a person's mental state. The reason I posed that question was to test YOUR reasoning for capital punishment. You say that, even if he did make a true conversion and was no longer dangerous, you would still put him to death because of the proclamation "Civilized society demands a penalty for transgression against it's laws, up to and including death.". However, you haven't given any reason for this proclamation. Why should civilized society demand such penalties - what are the reasons and purposes for these penalties? Without such a reason, your proclamation is empty and meaningless and, therefore, useless. I suspect you do have reasons in mind for why societies should punish offenders. Please state them. And again, I will hold to the opinion that only those who are personally affected by said criminal can hold a desire for revenge. Society as a whole seeks justice, not revenge.  Why do you believe that to be the case? Vengeance is an emotional reaction - wanting to get the sattisfaction of seeing the offender suffer because he caused suffering. There is no rationality involved in that emotional reaction. If I see a stranger brutally tortured and killed, I also can feel the gut reaction of anger and vengeance even if I did not know the victim. Vengeance is based purely on emotion. Our purposes for punishment, if they are not to be based purely on the emotion of vengeance, need to have some RATIONAL reason for the punishment. I would include, among the rational reasons: 1. Protecting society from further harm by separating them from that society during their potentially harmful stage. 2. Teaching the offender a lesson so that he knows not to repeat the crime since he will see that the crime brings punishment, which brings him suffering. 3. Deterrent factor: Others see him suffer a punishment and know that they would also if they committed a similar crime.  Those are the main rational reasons that I can think of behind having a society impose punishments to crimes. Can you present any rational reasons for societies imposing punishments or are your reasons based only on the emotional reaction of vengeance?
If a child steals a cookie from the cookie jar and gets caught, the punishment might be to stand in the corner for a few minutes. The parent doesn't do this out of a desire to have revenge against their child; they simply wish to alter the child's behavior in the future. What if the child admits wrongdoing and realizes they made a mistake even while their hand is still in the cookie jar? Should this realization absolve them of the punishment? Of course not. Learning that stealing cookies (or stealing in general) is wrong is only half of the lesson. The other half is there will be undesirable consequences to face if the child chooses to steal again. In the case of the death penalty, the crime committed is so terrible that society is no longer concerned with teaching a lesson; they simply want to be free of these terrible criminals. In a way, this is simply society's right to self-defense.  Where the child's hand in the cookie jar is concerned, if he truly made a conversion, then he would not steel again. It is TRUE conversions I am talking about, not ones made temporarily because one was caught, and not conversions that are faked.  As for societies wanting to be free of terrible criminals (assuming that those criminals are un-convertable), then they can also be free of them with life sentences without parole. Why does society NEED to kill them, in your view?
There's also the fact that many prisons these days provide convicts with all sorts of nice things: cable TV, videogame systems, etc. It's actually pretty sad how nice they can have it in prison.Think how much harder being a correctional officer would be if these vermin had no diversions.
That is a good question. I feel that different levels of crime deserve different levels of punishment. To me, rape is the worst crime you can commit against another person, and you forfeit your rights if you engage in such behavior. This includes your right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In a perfect world, we could just lock away people and throw away the key. If there was no possible way for them to get out, I might be willing to go with that. In some ways, allowing them to rot in a cell may be fitting. However, there have been cases where people who were sentenced to life in prison without parole got out anyway through a fluke, or, most famously, a furlough program. If a person breaks into your house and tries to kill you, are you more likely to try and rehabilitate them or shoot them? Sometimes, the only way to deal with certain criminals is to end their life, simply because they don't deserve to live. Who am I to decide if a person doesn't deserve to live? I'm not; that is why we have courts and juries. I sympathize with the victims in the cases where people who were sentenced to life in prison without parole got out anyway. However, the answer to that problem is to make damn sure that those people do not get paroled (and punish the incompetents responsible) - not to introduce the death penalty simply because a screw-up in the system is possible. Yes, there is always a chance that some incompetent will screw up and release a dangerous criminal that would have otherwise had life without parole. If you design the system right, then that chance is nil or zero. However, there is also a chance that you "got the wrong guy" in the system and are putting the wrong person to death. Life without parole lets you fix that mistake since they can be released if they are found innocent - not so with the death penalty. Either way, we have to make sure that the system works as flawlessly as possible.
Why do I even have to give a reason for this? To me, it's as simple as this:  1. We have laws that make certain acts crimes. 2. Some people break these laws, thereby commiting a crime. 3. We try these people in a court of law to determine guilt or innocence in the crime that they are charged with. 4. We punish people who commit these crimes.   I guess my simply saying that "civilized society demands a penalty..." is not enough for you. So let me say it this way:  Anything less would be uncivilized.  I would think that it would be an obvious point that we structure societies and civilizations in particular ways because there are REASONS to structure them that way. Are you saying that there is no reason to punish anyone - that is just the way it is and that's it? That makes no sense. If there is no reason to punish anyone to begin with, then why punish? I know that you MUST have reasons in mind - perhaps you are just unwilling to state them. I see justice and vengeance as seperate issues, if unclear on my position, please refer to previous posts. I think I have already spelled out my position clearly. Why must we flog the deceased equine? What do you REALLY want to know? All you have done is state a proclamation that all crimes must be punished, without giving any of your reasons behind that. I am claiming that vengeance is one of the reasons that people ultimately have for punishment. That is an emotional reason. There are also the rational reasons which I stated in my previous post. If you can give no reason why societies should punish crimes, then my guess is that your support of punishment for crimes really is based on the knee-jerk emotional reaction of vengeance and not on rational reasons. If you have rational reasons then please state them.
FWIW my position on the DP is based on the fact that dead men can no longer feel the sensation of "punishment", not that it's wrong to kill. Gimme a break.
FWIW my position on the DP is based on the fact that dead men can no longer feel the sensation of "punishment", not that it's wrong to kill. Gimme a break. It's not wrong to kill if you have a very good reason for killing. In this forum, I am questioning if there is any reason to kill as a punishment other than to satisfy our public desire for vengeance. So far, no one has presented an alternate reason.
It's not wrong to kill if you have a very good reason for killing.Exactly right.  In this forum, I am questioning if there is any reason to kill as a punishment other than to satisfy our public desire for vengeance. So far, no one has presented an alternate reason. Understood. I do not expect one to be forthcoming.
It's not wrong to kill if you have a very good reason for killing. In this forum, I am questioning if there is any reason to kill as a punishment other than to satisfy our public desire for vengeance. So far, no one has presented an alternate reason.  I ask myself, what will this killing accomplish? If someone breaks into my house with a knife, I'd cap them in self defense. But there is no imminent danger to anyone if someone is locked up in a cell for 10 years then strapped down and injected. Crime stats show that the DP does nothing to reduce crime. It then becomes murder, when it serves no purpose, regardless of what the person did. It serves no purpose.
Everyone should see what Amnesty International has to say on this subject.  amnestyusa.org/abolish/dp_qa.html  It's very convincing, isn't it?
Of course there are valid reasons to punish someone.  1. Removal (sometimes permanently) from society of a dangerous element, thereby preventing further crime by the individual and protecting the rights/interests of society. (If Billy Bob spends th next 25 years in prison, then I don't have to wonder if Billy Bob is going to be stealing my car for the next 25 years)  2. Show said criminal that their actions were unnacceptable to society, and therefore they must pay a penalty for their actions. (New York and LA have shown that catch and release is like simply telling a child that he is "bad" for stealing candybars in a store. The child will realize that 'hey...there are no consquences for stealing, so I'm going to keep stealing candybars. What's she going to do...call me bad again?' However, if you take said child back to the store, make him give the candybar back or the money for the candy bar, make him explain to the manager that he stole the candybar, and lock his playstation up for 3 weeks, the child might then say 'Hmmm, I really like to play my playstation, I'm not going to steal any more candybars...if I get caught again, mom might take my playstation away for even longer than 3 weeks.' )  3. Act as a detterent to future potential crimes/criminals. (see above)  4. Facilitate the rehabilitation of certain criminals, allowing them to gain education and job skills that they can then use on the outside. (punishment does not automatically mean that we cannot make something positive out of it. Certain offenders can and are rehabilitated in prison. Some simply require job skills, social skills, and life skills that can enable them to conform to societal norms (not stealing cars, selling drugs, robbing liquor stores, etc.) However this should not be seen as a substitute to punishment, rather a concurrent activity during the punishment. The criminals still have a debt to pay to society for their transgression of the laws. And by no means should one think that everyone is capable of rehabilitation, nor is every criminal deserving of efforts towards rehabilitation.)  These are the first 4 that popped into my head. I'm sure that these could be combined into one mass reason, or picked down into 20 reasons, but it illustrates the point. There are plenty of reasons to punish criminals, none of which I listed have anything to do with vengeance. Great! I also agree with most of those reasons. So, we have a common rational base from which to work on.   Now, from those reasons which you gave, which, in your view, justify the punishment of death?
I ask myself, what will this killing accomplish? If someone breaks into my house with a knife, I'd cap them in self defense. But there is no imminent danger to anyone if someone is locked up in a cell for 10 years then strapped down and injected. Crime stats show that the DP does nothing to reduce crime. It then becomes murder, when it serves no purpose, regardless of what the person did. It serves no purpose. I agree. I view killing in self-defense as justified. However, if the crime is already done and the opportunity for the victim to stop the crime through such self-defense is gone, then all that is left is the punishment of the criminal for the crime already committed. When the criminal is in a well controlled prison, self-defense is no longer relevant - he is not capable of harming anyone. So, what is the justification for killing him? None that I can see outside of satisfaction of the public desire for vengeance (i.e. emotionally wanting to criminal to suffer for the suffering of the victim).
The Criminal activity discussed with you by snakepit obviously did not include murderers and rapist.  You can't take a murderer back to his victim and apologize and explain his actions. No matter how rehabilitated a murderer is, his victim never gets rehabilitated. The pain never leaves the loved ones of the victim.  Murderers and rapist steal the basic rights of people they see as expendable. Making them expendable. Worse than expendable, a burden to society.  Killing them has only one deterrent value. Killing this criminal will deter him from recommitting. But life imprisonment without parole also deters the criminal from recommitting. I just fail to see the NEED for killing. One might claim that the death penalty in some ways pays back the victim's family for the suffering of the victim, but that is exactly the public vengeance reason that I am arguing is the only real one presented. After all, what is it that those who sympathize with the victim gain by the death of the murderer except for the sattisfaction of their emotion of vengeance?
For those who support the death penalty and believe that a person is always innocent until proved guilty or that only the guilty are sent to death Row, I suggest reading John Grisham's first nonfiction book THE INNOCENT MAN. It is about a man who was convicted with flimsy evidence, spent eleven years on death row, went through the appeals process and was five days away from execution before some advocates won him a new trial and the case was dismissed. While on death row he became friends with another condemned man who was also found to be innocent and released. A flawed system should not have the power to kill.
It doesn't quite work that way. You asked for reasons to justify punishment in general. I gave you reasons, although I suspect we all had these in mind before I wrote them down. These are reasons to punish people...plain and simple. The severity of that punishment is determined based on the facts of the individual case.   We should look at the difference between vengeance and justice. As I had stated previously, I see the difference as the motivation for the punishment, and who the punishment is decided upon by. Sentencing someone to 20 years in prison could be an act of vengeance, just as easily as giving someone the death penalty could. But in most cases, I view the use of any punishment, when delivered through a fair and balanced judicial process as justice, not vengeance. As I said, killing the defendant on the courthouse steps without a trial by a jury of his peers would be vengeance. Carrying out a court sanctioned punishment as prescribed by law is justice, even when that punishment is death. But that is just a difference in logistics, not a difference in motivation. If a society imposes punishments for the wrong reasons - they are still wrong no matter what official means were used to reach that punishment. Many a law regarding slavery was ethically wrong because the REASONS underlying that law were wrong. The fact that the court actions had the full support of law was irrelevant ultimately to the morality of that court action.  Here, I am questioning the REASONS behind capital punishment and the only one that I can see is public vengeance. You still have not given a REASON for capital punishment outside of that. You have given reasons for punishment in general but haven't applied those reasons to why one should incorporate capital punishment.   By the way, I suspect that certain harsh punishments imposed on lesser crimes are also often imposed with vengeance also in mind. It is a hard thing to decide on the specific punishment for a specific crime for a specific individual. Judges have their work cut out for them in trying to be rational and fair.
Is it not possible that this flawed system could sentence an innocent to life without parole as well, and due to flaws in the system, this person spends 60years in prison and dies before proof of innocence is ever found? Well, if that's possible, then perhaps our flawed system should not be allowed to sentence anyone to LWP either. Heck, let's just give everyone 10 years, regardless of their crime, that way if 1or 2 innocent people out of 100,000 are found guilty and sent to prison, they don't have to spend too long in jail anyway.   How far down the slippery slope should we travel Dono? Our system may be flawed, but it is the best system we have. In for a penny, in for a pound. Yes, the flawed system could also sentence the man to life without parole. However, in that case, we are giving the flawed system the greatest chance to find the flaw. The approach is: "If there is a wrong decision, fix it" - not "Make no decisions whatsoever". Life without parole gives the system the maximum chance of fixing it.
Is it not possible that this flawed system could sentence an innocent to life without parole as well, and due to flaws in the system, this person spends 60years in prison and dies before proof of innocence is ever found? Well, if that's possible, then perhaps our flawed system should not be allowed to sentence anyone to LWP either. Heck, let's just give everyone 10 years, regardless of their crime, that way if 1or 2 innocent people out of 100,000 are found guilty and sent to prison, they don't have to spend too long in jail anyway.   How far down the slippery slope should we travel Dono? Our system may be flawed, but it is the best system we have. In for a penny, in for a pound.The power of the state to take a life is a serious subject worthy of serious discussion. In answer to your question, yes it is very possible and has probably happened on many occasions, but the chance to rectify an error exists only for the living. I take your remaining statements as facetious and see no reason to reply, but I will give you my answer to your last question. I do not view our joining the rest of the western world in abolishing the death penalty as "down the slippery slope", but instead consider it a step up. To me, there is no acceptable ratio of guilty/innocents put to death. My purpose was not to condemn our system, but to recommend a good book that shows what can and does happen, and the need for us to be aware. Our system is evolving and getting better as decisions such as Miranda and Brady come into law and advances in forensic science help to convict the guilty and protect the innocent, but, as humans are flawed, human systems are flawed and for that reason death should not be a state opinion.
Flaws in the judicial system should be debated in hopes of reforming a flawed system. D.A.'s should face serious penalties for witholding pertinent evidence that could cast a shadow of doubt on a defendant's guilt or innocence.  The death penalty should not be an option when only circumstantial evidence is the deciding factors in a verdict.  The death penalty is not an action that should be viewed in the spirit of "what is gained". Nothing is gained. But a person who disregarded the rights of the victim, in effect denying that person the right to be alive and suffered the terror of life leaving their body should not be given the right to enjoy more breath than it takes to deliver them to a gallows. We as a society especially do not owe them three hots and a cot for the rest of their lives. So your arguement for supporting the death penalty is that we owe them nothing? That still does not explain why they need to be put to death. Is it the idea that we no longer feel the responsibility of paying tax dollars to keep them alive in life without parole since their lives are not worth the expense? Otherwise, what specifically is our motivation to kill in this case?  After all, they WILL be alive in jail awaiting the decision for punishment. They will continue to be alive unless we take specific action to kill them. Your arguement says that we owe them nothing. By that arguement, there is nothing we are required to give them (which you can claim means that we don't owe them the finances to keep them alive). What, then, gives us the right to TAKE their lives from them? Why do THEY owe US their lives?
For those who support the death penalty and believe that a person is always innocent until proved guilty or that only the guilty are sent to death Row, I suggest reading John Grisham's first nonfiction book THE INNOCENT MAN. It is about a man who was convicted with flimsy evidence, spent eleven years on death row, went through the appeals process and was five days away from execution before some advocates won him a new trial and the case was dismissed. While on death row he became friends with another condemned man who was also found to be innocent and released. A flawed system should not have the power to kill.  I read that book. It not only raises good points on the DP, it is also a great book.
They gave us the right to end their lives when they assumed the right to deny a victim who's life was stolen from them. If you strangle, shoot, drown, stab, push off a cliff another person, robbing them of their life for any reason that a jury of 12 does not agree was a threat to yours. Good night.  But that is just a statement without giving the REASONS behind it. You say that they stole another persons rights to life so they should have their lives taken away. So far, I am hearing "an eye for an eye" which is just that vengeance centered sense of justice that I am arguing against. What is the REASON behind "an eye for an eye" justice? The only one I can think of is sattisfying the public desire for vengeance (i.e. their emotional desire to want the offender to suffer as the victim did). Are you able to present any other reason for killing the offender? Again, proclamations about certain punishments automatically following certain crimes, without stating the reasons behind such punishments, don't mean much. It is the REASONS for the punishment that I am questioning. After all, if you are using a particular punishment for the wrong reason, then perhaps you shouldn't make that type of punishment.
How many people in the US have been shown to be innocent after being put to death? (since reinstatement of death penalty) Since 1973, 123 people in 25 states have been released from death row with evidence of their innocence. At least, that is according to the following web site: http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=412  They also show a handful of people who were executed despite serious doubts cast on their guilt.  Over 1000 people have been executed since 1973 (1056 since 1976) so it looks like ~10% of cases were clear cut enough about the person's innocence that they were released.  Anyway, the risk of killing an innocent is one arguement against the death penalty. What are your personal views about the death penalty?
So no one has been proven innocent (or rather had evidence to show the would have been found not guilty or had the case thrown out) who was actually executed (normally by DNA evidence)? I suspect that those statistics are harder to find and harder to determine (since, once a person is dead, there is much less motivation to prove him innocent). Nevertheless, various sources mention a number of people who have been executed despite probable innocence. Here is just one of numerous sites that I found with a Google search. This site (a few years old)claims that 25 people in the last 25 years have been executed despite probable innocence.  http://capitaldefenseweekly.com/25casesdraft.html  Anyway, I don't think there is a formal procedure to establish official innocence after death. I don't think the mechanisms are in place in our justice system to have a trial for the dead, so we can only look at the evidence in the cases that people have privately pursued.
Ok, so none can be shown. How many people with a life sentence without parole have died an prison and been innocent?   My point being that a mistake doesn't make the sentence not worth having. In fact, with the death penalty you get more due process than someone with a life sentence...there aren't many advocates for helping those guys out. My main arguement against the death penalty is not in the possibility of an innocent being killed - that is just a more minor arguement. I would agree that, if we had a very good reason for killing, then some risk of innocents being killed might have to be acceptable. We have very good reasons for putting certain people away for the rest of their lives. Mainly, there are some people who are so very dangerous and unredeemable that society needs to protect itself from them - the risk of repeated crime is way too high. Given the strong reasons for imposition of life without parole for certain cases, the risk of an innocent suffering that would have to be acceptable. We just need to make as sure as possible that our justice system works as well as possible so we absolutely minimize that chance.  My main arguement against the death penalty which I have presented in this thread is that, outside of satisfaction of the public desire for vengeance, there is no REASON to kill the offender. Though I am sure that I would also feel the desire for vengeance if a loved one were killed, I, for one, am quite uncomfortable with the REASONs behind our sense of justice being based on the satisfaction of this sense of vengeance. Can you think of any reason for the state to kill outside of this satisfaction of public desire for vengeance (i.e. emotionally wanting the offender to suffer since his victim suffered)?
I'd say vengeance is the reason we lock someone away for life as well. I suppose you could say "well it keeps them from harming society" but so does the death penalty. I suppose in some cases it also might give a reason for the life without parole inmate to not kill the prison guard.  I would think that the question of punishment is a question of balance of rights. Rights are generally considered a good thing so we impose on those only if we must and to the degree we must. It is a question of society not going overboard in how much it reduces certain people's rights. People generally think that the death penalty is worse than life without parole (certainly most criminals seem to think so). If both acheive the same goal of keeping society away from harm, then why go overboard in reducing the criminals rights by killing him? Society doesn't have to go overboard - life without parole is sufficient.  As for guards being killed, that is a tiny risk. Indeed, it is of no risk for those prisons that are designed well. For the very worst offenders who are uncontroleable, there are options such as solitary confinement, etc. In other words, even while serving a life sentence, there are varieties of rights that the prisoners still have and which can further be taken away based on their behavior. well, not much suffering in a death penalty (unless you believe in an after life). I also don't understand how not wanting "vengeance" for a crime is a good reason not to have the death penalty. A dislike the term but it seems to me all penalties are some kind of vengeance or justice.  I would agree that occasionally, a judge will sentence a criminal to a particularly harsh punishment out of a sense of anger and vengeance for a heinous crime. I would hope that judges could control themselves in that and give punishments based only on the rational reasons (i.e. reasons not based on emotion). These include: 1. Imprisonment to keep society from further harm. 2. Using punishment to teach the criminal a lesson not to commit that crime again. 3. Deterrent - others see the prisoner punished and know they also would be punished for a similar crime.  As for whether it is right to kill for satisfaction of public desire for vengeance, that is a judgement call. I, personally, am against it. Others might openly claim that it is just fine. However, what I am finding in this thread is a lot of denial. Many people who support the death penalty are not willing to admit that vengeance plays a role - probably because they would be uncomfortable admiting that. If they are uncomfortable admitting that vengeance is the underlying reason, then perhaps they should re-think their stance on the death penalty. I also dislike the argument "you don't show killing is wrong by killing"(which I realize you didn't make)....well, do you show imprisonment is wrong by imprisoning (think hostage situation)? Well, as you say, I didn't make that arguement. After all, we kill enemy soldiers while thinking it a bad thing when they kill our troups. Essentially, I agree that there are times when one has no option but to kill. I don't think the death penalty is such a situation.
Yes, mine are simply statements that include reasons that you seem to be dismissing due to the fact that you disagree with them.  Call it vengeance, call it insurance that a murderer will not murder again. Call it saving the tax payer money. Call it dislike of a human who placed his own desire for anything over the right of another to live. In my case, rapist too would be executed for their disregard of womens right to live unmolested and free of fear. Feel free to judge me as less worthy of the cape of righteousness but it is my personal desire that they be removed from the theater. If you lose a loved one to a murderer, you'll understand. Real events change people. You too can have your values changed by the callous disregard of selfish bastards who place their petty whims over the life of an innocent person. Fortunately most citizens never face the pain, allowing them to be self righteous in disregarding the victims of crime in favor of scum that would murder even those who defend them for a pittance. Ok, now you did give a few reasons: 1. vengeance 2. insurance that a murderer will not murder again (Note: life without parole does that too) 3. saving the tax payer money (Note: Ultimately more is spent on average on executed criminals than on ones serving life). 4. dislike of a human who placed his own desire for anything over the right of another to live  My main goal in this thread was to bring up the point that the main reason people support the death penalty is to satisfy that public desire for vengeance. That statement on my part was met with a lot of denial. I am glad that you, as well as Steeeeve, admit that vengeance is a main motivating force behind the death penalty.   As to the question of whether it is right to base a justice system partly on the public desire for vengeance, that is a judgement call. Though I am sure that I would also feel a desire for vengeance if a loved one were killed, I feel very uncomfortable with the thought of our justice system being based partly on vengeance. Others, like you and Steeeeve, think it perfectly fine to execute based on vengeance. I would just like to see the debate about the death penalty be more honest. In other words, we should call the death penalty what it is - satisfaction of the public desire for vengeance - and debate THAT. Currently, there is too much denial.
Do you think they are more offended by the death penalty then life? This suggests that the death penalty might deter someone from further committing a murder. I realize they both achieve a similiar result but punishment is a part of justice and sometimes the removable of the most valued right (in my opinion) is justified.   ugh, solitary confinement is worse than death I bet haha. Yeah, I know its a small risk but putting someone in solitary doesn't seem like a just punishment after a second murder. I think that criminals view the death penalty as worse than life imprisonment and worse than temporary solitary confinement within life imprisonment - at least given the conditions in American prisons. It is somewhat surprising to me but the statistics show that having the death penalty does not detter more criminals than life-without-parole itself. Indeed, on average, states with the death penalty have more murders per capita - probably because local economy is a higher differentiating influence. I suppose that, for most people, having to serve a life sentence without parole would already ruin their life enough that any who would be detered by fear of punishment are already detered. The others might either think that they can get away with it (so no fear of punishment stops them) or they act on impulse without thinking of the consequences. I think one is punishment put this doesn't mean to teach the criminal a lesson always. Punishment can be a repayment for harm done to society....sometimes that payment is your life. The only thing that the loved ones of a murder victim get from the execution of that murderer is the satisfaction of their sense of vengeance. I can understand the need for victims to get something back from the criminals. I would even be supportive of some sort of structure that the murderer at least attempts to pay back the victims or victim's family financially or through work. Anyway, there are other ways of paying back the victims than to satisfy "an eye for an eye" vengeance. Really? (I don't come to this forum often)...I figured people would admit to it. Of course it's about vengeance. I honestly think many crimes are....any punishment is going to invovle some kind of vengeance. Maybe people get spooked by the word kinda like on the abortion forum I say some of you discriminate against humans. The words are more commonly used in harsh situations but nontheless are accurate sentences. Oh well :) I admit to it. Just look at the responses of snakespit denying the validity of my statement about vengeance (starting from post #135). DrNo also denied vengeance as a major motivating force. I am glad that you, and now gman, admit that vengeance is the underlying influence. It lets the death penalty debate become more honest. No doubt there are other options besides the death penalty. In reality I wouldn't care if the death penalty were gone. I'd be a little POed if the judicial system did so but if a state decides "hey this is wrong" then I'd probably support that. I doubt I'd even favor a death penalty if given the chance in a court of law. I don't feel as strongly about the death penalty as I feel about the abortion rights debate since I can relate to the desire for vengeance that people feel. My objection against the death penalty is based on wanting our civilization to be based on rational grounds. If it is not based on rational grounds, then it strikes me as backward and primitive. From that point of view, I also do feel some sense of embarrassment about this aspect of our society when confronted with challenges from Europeans and others who, from this point of view, seem more "civilized".
http://www.aclu.org/capital/general/10441pub19971231.html
I don't see Europe on the front lines of doing the "right" thing. Other countries not having it doesn't say anything about the morality of the death penalty.Why do you say that? Was that some reference to European decadence? Make of this what you will. The company we keep: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0777460.html
Since I don't visit websites, left or right, as they are all agenda driven and truth holds little value. Please debate the issue yourself.What is the source of your agenda free truth?
Assuming for sake of argument that the person in question is guilty beyond all possible hope of innocence, I offer the following reasons:  1: Punishment: The end all be all sure-fire way to prevent recidivism. 2: Deterrence: If the death penalty does nothing it deters the hell out of one person. 3: Economics: The State that sponsors the room, board, medical care, and education of the fellow who kills a family with a chainsaw and denies same to its law abiding citizens seems a little backward in its priorities.  4: Gender disparity. Proponents of the Equal Rights amendment will no doubt agree that given two 20 year old convicts, one male, one female, who are sentenced to life, the female through her longer lifespan will serve more time in jail. This is clearly unfair and discriminatory towards women!! The death penalty provides an even sentencing opportunity for women!  5: Organ donation. Nix the killer and save productive, critically ill citizens. Does the society benefit when the patient dies of liver failure while the convict does arm curls in the prison gymnasium? 6: Prevent costly jailbreaks. No convict, no jailbreak, no endangered citizenry, no roadblocks.  7: Relieves prison overcrowding.  8: Prevents annual interviews with Geraldo Riverra. How many times does Charles Manson need to be on the news? 9: Expediency. A life sentence is a de facto death sentence. Sentence a convict to life and it may take 60 years for the sentence to kill em. How barbaric when compared to the swift action of the lethal injection. The death penalty puts the life sentence into the fast lane.   Taking on those reasons: 1. Punishment to end recidivism: You can do that with life-without-parole as well. And there I really mean WITHOUT parole.  2. Deterrent: Statistics show otherwise. Most people who would be deterred already seem to be deterred by life without parole as a punishment. States without the death penalty generally have lower murder rates. Anyway, if you can't prove that, on balance, the death penalty wins out here then you can't really use this as a reason.  3. Economics: In other words, the state shouldn't pay for such a worthless person. If this is what it comes down to, then that is a pretty miserable state of affairs. Besides, with forced labor in prisons, a prison could afford to keep its inmates alive based on their work. Others could pay their own way. Does this remind anyone of 19th century debtors prisons? What a backward state you seem to desire.  4. Gender disparity. You can't possibly be serious.emoticon_xdonno   5. Organ donation: kill them for their spare parts.  Once again, what a sorry state of affairs if that would be a reason. China is apparently doing such things already with its ~10,000 executions a year. Barbaric. But then, you have no objection to our society becoming barbaric.  6. Prevent costly jailbreaks: Death role inmates are no more likely to break out than are other inmates (unless of course you assume that all inmates are death role inmates if you would think all crimes should be punishable by death). You are not preventing jailbreaks just minimizing them by the tiny ratio of inmates who are death role - say ~0.01%.  7. Relieves prison overcrowding. Once again, 99.99% of prisoners are not death role so the effect would be negligible.  8. Prevents annual interviews with Geraldo Riverra. Ha Ha. NEXT...  9: Expediency. A life sentence is a de facto death sentence. Sentence a convict to life and it may take 60 years for the sentence to kill em. How barbaric when compared to the swift action of the lethal injection. The death penalty puts the life sentence into the fast lane.  By that arguement, we are all sentenced to death. Those with a life sentence are just sentenced to spend their life in prison.
I don't see Europe on the front lines of doing the "right" thing. Other countries not having it doesn't say anything about the morality of the death penalty. There are things about the way that European countries run their governments that I can criticize. The death penalty is one area where Europeans can justly criticize us. This assumes that one values a civilization that is based on rational reasons, not knee-jerk emotional reactions.
Life in prison is not insurance that killers won't kill again. They often kill fellow inmates and often get paroled. I know that many of you are stat freaks. Look up the rate of recidivism by parolees.  That is why there are some inmates that one does NOT parole. I agree that "life without parole" should really mean WITHOUT parole.  Denial in debate of the death penalty exist on both sides of that fence. We supporters generally avoid applying vengence as a motive to avoid accusations of being uncaring. Which is obviously an incorrect judgment based on the fact that we are willing to shoulder the responsibility for the action. We just happen to care more about the victims and their loved ones and future victims. Denial by opponents occurs in the sense that they actually believe that the subject should be debated without consideration of victims and family of the victim.  We care about the victims as well, but killing the murderer will not give them back their loved one. The only thing it satisfies is their desire for vengeance. To be honest, I wouldn't mind seeing a system in place with some level of forced labor where some of the profits of the murderer's work goes toward the victim's family - that or some other similar system where the criminal repays his victim. As I understand it, though O.J. Simpson was acquited of murder charges, he still lost out in the civil trial and had to pay the families financially for those murders.
1. Anti Dp'ers are anti partly based on the inappropriate executions of innocent people. The only point that I concede to them. However it is not the death penalty that is the problem it is the judicial system and prosecutors who pursue convictions for the sake of their record over justice.  The other travesty of justice that occurs more than inappropriate executions is the paroling of convicted murderers. Recidivism has cost many innocent people their lives. I refer to new victims of parolee's.  I agree that the critical things to consider in the DP debate are the reasons behind the death penalty. If the reasons behind the DP, life without parole, or any other punishment methodology is sound, then any error that happens in the system - either killing an innocent or paroling a dangerous criminal - should be resolved by reforming the system to reduce errors, not by changing that punishment methodology. My main issue with the death penalty is that I don't think that the reasons behind it are sound. 2. I understand that anti DP'ers debate because they are kind hearted. But they refuse to recognise that pro DP'ers debate because of their kind hearts. We are the ones who agonize over the suffering of the victim's families and the terror the victim suffered when they realized their life was over. You must attempt to envison that or been close to a violent end yourself to appreciate the overwhelming terror of what one experiences when they know it is over.  Most murderers do not have funds to pay for a lawyer much less pay retribution to survivors. And tax payers do not owe for the acts committed by scum. I can also understand the loss and terror that the victims experience. I would expect that there would be terror of that criminal hurting them again. From that point of view, the death penalty would remove that particular terror. However, so would life without parole - as long as it is really done properly (no incompetent releasing dangerous criminals). It is a matter of having a system fail-safe enough that one could trust.  As for the loss, nothing will bring that loved one back or, if it is a rape or other such violation, nothing will turn back the clock to undo the violation and the pain that goes along with it.   I can understand the anger that would come if the criminal did not suffer any punishment and was allowed to go on his merry way. However, that is not the case. The question with the death penalty is not kill or give no punishment. Life without parole certainly IS a strong punishment - it ruins the life of the criminal. I just don't see why one needs to go all the way to death. If we have no limit to what punishment we are willing to inflict, then why not even torture before killing? I simply think that, if we wish to avoid a certain level of barbarism in our society, we need to stop at a place which is determined by reasoned debate. If we wish to satisfy the worst feelings of vengeance of the victim or his/her family, then where do we stop?
I find it rather odd that many of the countries that ban the death penalty allow abortion as if killing a killer is worse than killing an innocent life. Nevertheless, you pay for the crime you commit so death it is.   No, I wouldn't agree. I wouldn't mind seeing it tone downed a bit though. Here is an opinion from a young CRJ major, as well as my first post on this site.   Here is my only problem with the death penalty. There are flaws in the CRJ system and although we have a lot of measures to ensure that innocent people are not sent to jail for things they did not do, I'm sure it happens all the time. There is an even smaller chance of an innocent person being sent to prison for the rest of their life, let alone to be convicted of a crime and sent to death.  If 1,000 men are set free so one innocent person doesn't get punished for something he didn't do, than I agree with it. And there is no way possible that we can be sure that one innocent person wont be put to death for something he didn't do from this day forward, unless we stop killing the guilty ones too.
I suspect that this will not be considered reasoned debate as it is disagreement with the anti DP stance. The rate of recidivism that produces dead innocent victims by paroled criminals far out weights the number of executed innocent men. fix the judicial system. Make lawyers and law enforcement accountable for the errors that lead to deadly mistakes. Quit making future victims pay for incompetence in law enforcement. Dead murderers do not murder again. Tugging at heart strings over the death of a murderer or the terror he feels on the way to the chamber gets no response. No joy, no sorrow. But you are forgetting life-without-parole (and I do mean WITHOUT parole). With life without parole, there is also no recidivism.
Sure there is. Fellow inmates are people too. Murder inside prison walls is common. And likely to increase if murderers are not executed as they feel that they have nothing to lose. More time to their sentence won't matter and they know that death is not a possibility.  How about inmates that have life sentences without any chance of parol can be sent to death if they attack another inmate, thats a bit easier to prove since it can be caught on camera, would probably cut down on a lot of deadly attacks in prison
Except for other inmates, guards, medical staff, etc. And no...nobody has ever escaped from prison and killed again...no...that wouldn't happen. emoticon_rolleyes Prisons that are run well have neither inmates being killed nor inmates escaping. Presumably, the inmates that are so violent that they would be otherwise put on death row are the type of inmates that one would put in a maximum security prison - the ones that practice the most control.
Why bother? Why bother keeping any dangerous criminal alive - shoot them all !!! emoticon_rolleyes   My policy is not to kill unless you have to. Killing out of revenge is something that we should avoid as a society if we want to stay civilized.
What's the difference between killing out of revenge and sticking in a hole and throwing away the key out of revenge? I suppose the death part....but does that make us "uncivilized"...I don't see how. There are reasons for "sticking in a hole and throwing away the key" that are not out of revenge. For example, if the criminal was so very violent and unconvertable, then you would have to lock him away for life just to protect society. So far, we have no other means of stopping such an ultraviolent criminal.  That actually brings up an interesting issue. If, in the near or distant future, there was some sure-fire way to permanently make a very violent criminal passive and safe, then should we as a society allow criminals to volunteer for such procedures in exchange for either drastically reduced sentences or even immediate freedom? Part of this is the question of the purpose of punishment outside of its goal in changing the criminal himself. Anyway, that is a side issue but an interesting one I think.
Sure we do...kill 'em! My post to Steeeve (that this was a response to) was about life-without-parole being used for non-vengeance reasons. If you don't NEED to kill criminals to protect society, why kill them? I believe that societies should punish criminals to the degree that they have to based on sound rational reasons. Why go overboard if you don't have to? Consider the solution used in Cuckoo's Nest...frontal lobotomy....works every time. However, it's still cheaper to kill 'em! Well, the purpose of a mind altering procedure would be to produce both a safe AND functional person afterwards. I personally would also consider it inhumane if such a hypothetical procedure was not voluntary and if the volunteer inmate was not informed about its reprecussions. Movies such as "A Clockwork Orange" come to mind.  As for cost, unless you want to get rid of the possibility of appeal of a sentence and execute the criminal right away (which would greatly increase the probability of executing an innocent person), the cost of the death penalty would remain higher than life-without-parole and probably also higher than any such hypothetical mind-altering procedure. Besides, if cost is all you care about, why not kill off all wellfare recipients, street bums, ALL criminals, etc? I would say that we need to keep cold-blooded barbarism out of our justice system at all levels. Justice should be based on rational goals - as best we can ascertain them.
you can put him/her to death. That works. That would end all chances of him/her hurting society again.  part of punishment is an actual punishment....a revenge...or a "payback". A speeding ticket, for example, is not corrective nor does it just pay for the time spent for the officer to do his job...it is a high amount made to punish you for breaking a rule. I suppose the hope is for you to watch your speed next time but this isn't a sure way of doing it. The purpose of punishment in the case of the ticket is for some level of suffering to be inflicted on the perpetrator so that, next time he thinks about speeding, he might think about his previous experience of suffering and not repeat the crime. That is one of the main purposes of any punishment. It is part of how human beings learn proper behavior from the age of one until they die. Another way is to learn from other's mistakes (i.e. the deterent factor).   We NEED to inflict punishments in order for our society to properly function since, without rules or any enforcement of rules through such punishment, our societies would become chaotic and the playground of the ruthless - which is something I think we all want to avoid. Punishment is needed, so I fully support punishing criminals for their wrongdoing to the degree that societies need to punish. What determines that need? 1. The need to keep society safe from a criminal via encarceration balanced with the rights of the criminal against excessive punishment (ex. if you execute a pickpocket or give him life imprisonment, then you would have one less thief to worry about but I think we agree that that would be excessive). 2. Punishment to teach the criminal a lesson so that he will not repeat the crime. 3. Punishment as a deterent for others.  Does society NEED the vengeance of capitol punishment? What does vengeance accomplish on a societal level?
The punishment also lets you and everyone know that the crime is not dealt with. Like you said...it makes you suffer a little...that is revenge no matter how you look at it.  Is it vengeance when a parent imposes punishments on their children when they misbehave? Parents know that if the child suffered no negative consequences for their actions then the child will not learn the lesson. Negative consequences require some level of suffering - anything from being deprived of a desired possession to spankings - i.e. pain. Similarly, one of the reasons societies punish criminals is to teach them a lesson. Other reasons involve protecting society from them and using their punishment as a deterrent to others. You imply that punishment is automatically vengeance. I disagree and I think my example of the parent punishing the child proves it. It lets you know that certain crimes mean you loss the ultimate right. You can't get much worse than a death penalty. I had asked you "Does society NEED the vengeance of capitol punishment? What does vengeance accomplish on a societal level? ". Statistics show that capital punishment is no more of a deterrent than life without parole so I fail to see your arguement about society needing capital punishment. Also, capital punishment is not the worst punishment. Severe torture is the worst punishment, optionally followed by capital punishment.
Why is it that nothing is vengeance until it reaches the level of the death penalty? Why is the death penalty so different for you? Could a parent not punish their child out of an act of revenge, rather than to teach a lesson? Sure they could. Again, the whole argument between punishment and vengeance hinges on the motivation used in determining the severity of the punishment weighed against the severity and mitigating factors of the crime. If a punishment is imposed beyond what is necessary, then one has to question the motives behind that punishment. In death penalty cases, vengeance is one obvious motive.   If a parent severely beats a child for a small infraction, then one also can question the motives behind that punishment. Perhaps some bad parents do view punishment as vengeance. Other bad parents take out their day's frustrations on their helpless kids. However, most parents don't impose punishments that go way overboard so their motives are not questioned. Similarly, if societies do not impose punishments that are seen as going way overboard, then their motives would also not be questioned. It is mainly a matter of degree.
It's a matter of perspective, not degree. Many people find some crimes heinous enough to warrent the death penalty. Until the majority of our society views it differently, I suspect the death penalty will remain a viable option when a crime meets the mitigating circumstances set forth by the state. I still contend that vengeance is something that only those personally affected by the crime can seek. 12 uninterested and personally unaffected individuals simply apply a state sanctioned punishment that the majority of our society views as acceptable and appropriate. To determine whether or not a particular punishment goes overboard, one can analyze the goals of that punishment and whether the same goals could be accomplished with lesser punishment. What do you view as the goals of capital punishment that cannot be accomplished by, say, a life sentence without parole?
Who said we have to have goals to punish someone? Punishment is given as a penalty for commision of a crime, not to provide an opportunity. While some criminals can potentially be rehabilitated, those that we send to death row go there because they are beyond the point of safe return. I see no other goal with these people than quickly and efficiently applying the state sanctioned punishment issued to them by a jury of their peers in a court of law. I don't know why you are equating goals for a punishment with opportunity. Rehabilitation is one goal that one has for punishment but other goals might include: 1. Protecting society from the still dangerous criminal 2. Using the punishment as a deterent for others contemplating the crime.  Neither of these two goals has anything to do with opportunity or rehabilitation.  I think it is obvious that we do things for a reason and that the laws we apply and the execution of those laws are done for reasons. Are you saying that there or no reasons for punishment? I suspect that you have reasons in mind. Please outline those reasons and state the reason for punishment that can only be accomplished with capital punishment.
1. A dead criminal isn't a threat to fellow inmates. 2. A dead criminal doesn't need to be guarded. 3. A dead criminal doesn't need to be fed. 4. A dead criminal doesn't need medical treatment. 5. A dead criminal doesn't need to be housed. 6. A dead criminal doesn't need clothing. 7. A dead criminal doesn't need a lawyer.  want more? Your point 1 can be handled by a lesser sentence of life without parole if the inmate is treated with enough control in a maximum security prison.  The rest of your points (2 through 7) all seem to deal with the fact that you would not want to spend any money on such an inmate. So you value money more than you value their lives. I consider that pretty coldly barbaric but that is a judgement call. Heck, if you don't value human lives over money, you could kill off welfare bums, criminals of all strains, etc. Why stop at murderers? Also, if others were willing to pay the bill (or even the inmate himself), then your points 2 through 7 would be irrelevant.
Your point 1 can be handled by a lesser sentence of life without parole if the inmate is treated with enough control in a maximum security prison.  The rest of your points (2 through 7) all seem to deal with the fact that you would not want to spend any money on such an inmate. So you value money more than you value their lives. I consider that pretty coldly barbaric but that is a judgement call. Heck, if you don't value human lives over money, you could kill off welfare bums, criminals of all strains, etc. Why stop at murderers? Also, if others were willing to pay the bill (or even the inmate himself), then your points 2 through 7 would be irrelevant. Though I agree with you, and realise the last bit about paying the bill was probably a little tongue-in-cheek, if this were brought in as a possibility, it would lead to the old system of 'life for the rich/death for the poor'.  Having said that, the current court system seems to be 'innocent until proven poor' anyway.  Smiley
1. A dead criminal isn't a threat to fellow inmates. 2. A dead criminal doesn't need to be guarded. 3. A dead criminal doesn't need to be fed. 4. A dead criminal doesn't need medical treatment. 5. A dead criminal doesn't need to be housed. 6. A dead criminal doesn't need clothing. 7. A dead criminal doesn't need a lawyer.  want more?  You can substitute "criminal" for a variety of other things, such as poor people, mentally retarted people, or any other minority you see fit.
so thats quite contradictory to me... you would allow a law that killls millions of innocent babies a year  and  get rid of a law that rightly carries out the law... wierd sounds like a liberal to me.  You mean to tell me that you would deny a woman's right to her own body for a zygote, yet you have no problem murdering real human beings? Sounds like a conservative to me...
We have covered all of this before in case you forgot. Please see post #160 if unclear on my position. It is a waste of my time to type it all out again for you. Since, in stating that no goals were necessary for a punishment, you seemed to step back for punishing for reasons, I am glad that you are reaffirming that punishments should be for reasons.  So, in that post #160, you gave the following reasons for punishment: 1. Removal (sometimes permanently) from society of a dangerous element, thereby preventing further crime by the individual and protecting the rights/interests of society. (If Billy Bob spends th next 25 years in prison, then I don't have to wonder if Billy Bob is going to be stealing my car for the next 25 years)  2. Show said criminal that their actions were unnacceptable to society, and therefore they must pay a penalty for their actions. (New York and LA have shown that catch and release is like simply telling a child that he is "bad" for stealing candybars in a store. The child will realize that 'hey...there are no consquences for stealing, so I'm going to keep stealing candybars. What's she going to do...call me bad again?' However, if you take said child back to the store, make him give the candybar back or the money for the candy bar, make him explain to the manager that he stole the candybar, and lock his playstation up for 3 weeks, the child might then say 'Hmmm, I really like to play my playstation, I'm not going to steal any more candybars...if I get caught again, mom might take my playstation away for even longer than 3 weeks.' )  3. Act as a detterent to future potential crimes/criminals. (see above)  4. Facilitate the rehabilitation of certain criminals, allowing them to gain education and job skills that they can then use on the outside. (punishment does not automatically mean that we cannot make something positive out of it. Certain offenders can and are rehabilitated in prison. Some simply require job skills, social skills, and life skills that can enable them to conform to societal norms (not stealing cars, selling drugs, robbing liquor stores, etc.) However this should not be seen as a substitute to punishment, rather a concurrent activity during the punishment. The criminals still have a debt to pay to society for their transgression of the laws. And by no means should one think that everyone is capable of rehabilitation, nor is every criminal deserving of efforts towards rehabilitation.) Of those reasons which you gave, which ones do you think cannot be accomodated by lesser senteces and NEED the death penalty?  I know I had asked you a similar question earlier but you ultimately dropped the ball. Here is your response to essentially the same question, nested within my response to your response - our last exchange on this subject: It doesn't quite work that way. You asked for reasons to justify punishment in general. I gave you reasons, although I suspect we all had these in mind before I wrote them down. These are reasons to punish people...plain and simple. The severity of that punishment is determined based on the facts of the individual case.   We should look at the difference between vengeance and justice. As I had stated previously, I see the difference as the motivation for the punishment, and who the punishment is decided upon by. Sentencing someone to 20 years in prison could be an act of vengeance, just as easily as giving someone the death penalty could. But in most cases, I view the use of any punishment, when delivered through a fair and balanced judicial process as justice, not vengeance. As I said, killing the defendant on the courthouse steps without a trial by a jury of his peers would be vengeance. Carrying out a court sanctioned punishment as prescribed by law is justice, even when that punishment is death. But that is just a difference in logistics, not a difference in motivation. If a society imposes punishments for the wrong reasons - they are still wrong no matter what official means were used to reach that punishment. Many a law regarding slavery was ethically wrong because the REASONS underlying that law were wrong. The fact that the court actions had the full support of law was irrelevant ultimately to the morality of that court action.  Here, I am questioning the REASONS behind capital punishment and the only one that I can see is public vengeance. You still have not given a REASON for capital punishment outside of that. You have given reasons for punishment in general but haven't applied those reasons to why one should incorporate capital punishment.   By the way, I suspect that certain harsh punishments imposed on lesser crimes are also often imposed with vengeance also in mind. It is a hard thing to decide on the specific punishment for a specific crime for a specific individual. Judges have their work cut out for them in trying to be rational and fair. Perhaps you would like to finish that discussion now that was never finished. In that response, you seemed to back away from having punishments based only on reasons.
Wow! You're sick. emoticon_wow  Keep in mind that I'm not the one advocating the murder of living breathing human beings. You are.
How much value was given by the criminal to the life of the innocent person s/he murdered? I'm aware of murders that have occurred after an argument over 50 cents, or a pair of freakin' tennis shoes, or a dime bag of mediocre pot. You seem to value the murderer's life more than the victim's. There are many reasons for punishing criminals - teaching them a lesson, protecting society from them, using their punishment as a deterrent for others. In the practice of the death penalty, vengeance seems to be part of the reason (which I am also hearing in your responses) and that is what started my entry into this debate. Specifically, I started off in this thread by stating that vengeance seems to be the main motivating force behind the death penalty and, even though I would probably also want vengeance if a loved one was murdered, I remain quite uncomfortable with our justice system being based on such base emotional reactions.   So, the question remains, why kill them if you don't need to. I am hearing two answers from you: (1) vengeance (they are so bad that they deserve to die..an eye for an eye...) and (2) you don't want to pay for them. If you accept vengeance as a reason for punishment then I understand why you would support the death penalty. I just want people to admit that it is vengeance that they are seaking and not stay in a state of denial - which many supporters of capital punishment seem to be in. Otherwise, if it is only a matter that you don't want to pay for them, then I should mention that the average capital punishment criminal costs more all together than does a lifer. Also, many criminals condemned to death would be willing to pay or work their own way through a life sentence (to pay for their own costs) rather than be put to death - so the state would not need to pay for them. As for the welfare bums and poor people, they have committed no crime. They are not subject to any punishment by law. The law is what gives them the socialized gifts that enable them to continue their lives as welfare bums. I'm all for taking away the massive benefits, but I can't extend punishment to someone who is merely taking advantage of the liberal give-away programs. If they murder someone...they should die. I listed a number of people that society doesn't want to pay for but does. One group of people that I included in that list, which you ignored, were those who committted lesser crimes - ex. assault, or rape, etc. Where do you draw the line on which criminals you are willing to pay for (instead of kill) and which you want to kill to save money?
Where do YOU draw the line between non-vengeful punishment and vengeful punishment? One might say that incarceration for any reason is vengeful. One might also say that making someone pay a fine is vengeful. Where do you draw the line? This argument for not having a death penalty could be extended to not having pumishment for any crime because there might be a touch of vengeance involved and don't want to appear to be vengeful. Though I understand the appeal of it and would probably even feel it myself if a loved one were killed, I would try to avoid punishment as vengeance for all crimes. There are certainly many other reasons for punishment other than vengeance. These include: 1. Teaching the criminal a lesson so that he does not punish again. Parents use punishments for children to teach them not to misbehave - that is not vengeance. Teaching the criminal a lesson is for a similar purpose - if one automatically attaches a particular type of suffering to a crime then people will not do the crime in order to avoid the suffering. In this case, one doesn't need to go overboard - just enough suffering to balance out the enticement of committing the crime.  2. Protecting society from the criminal through encarceration.  3. Deterrent - others see someone punished for a crime so they might learn from that and avoid committing that crime themselves.  All of these are reasons that have nothing to do with vengeance. Call it vengeance if you will...I call it making the punishment proportional to the crime. If you are speaking of an "eye for an eye" type of justice where the purpose of that punishment is to get the emotional sattisfaction of seeing the criminal suffer, then that is indeed vengeance. If your purpose in that punishment is not to get that emotional sattisfaction but for some other non-emotional reason (as with some of the ones I listed), then it might not be vengeance. However, then you would have to justify, using those reasons, why you would have to go all the way to capital punishment.
 Same answer. Poor people, mentally retarded people and minorities have not necessarily committed any crimes deserving of death. Being poor is not a crime...murder is. Being retarded is not a crime...murder is. Being a minority is not a crime...murder is.   In your opinion. What if people thought that being mentally retarted or a minority is considered a crime deserving of death? The government should not posses the power to kill people as they wish. It is also not morally right to kill a human being unless you are in imminent danger. Otherwise, it would serve no purpose except fulfilling a basic human emotion, which is no reason to take a sentient human being's life away.
Since I am not related to any death-row-inmate's victims (of murder, rape, molestation), I do not classify my desire to see them dead as vengeance. I see it as an opportunity to rid the world of one sorry-assed bastard at a time. Many families of victims have exhibited no desire to have the perp killed. They want to perp to suffer in prison for the rest of his life. That is vengeance by my thinking. Still, my wish that they die is not automatically vengeance on my part. The perp did nothing directly to me. Why do you think that it is only vengeance if it DIRECTLY affects you? If I heard of an innocent stranger being brutally killed, I might want to see the perpetrator suffer because of the suffering of the victim - that is VENGEANCE pure and simple.  Taking his life does a better job of it....forever! So, you would impose the death penalty because of the very small chance that such a criminal could escape from a maximum security prison or murder a guard? As I remember, you also would allow for no appeal and would extend the death penalty to all murders. Since there are many people sentenced for murder that are actually innocent (~10% who were sentenced to death who were proved innocent in appeal), you would be causing a lot more innocent deaths than you would be saving. This argument has been made for the death penalty also. But the statistics don't support the idea that the death penalty is any more effective as a detterent than is a life sentence. Indeed, the states with the death penalty on average have a higher per capita murder rate than those without - suggesting that other factors (economy, etc.) play a much larger role. It seems that those that would be deterred by fear of punishment are already dettered by the threat of a life sentence. The "eye for an eye" tag doesn't quite fit. I'm saying that the punishment for certain crimes should be death. An eye for an eye would imply that we should kill the murderers in the same manner they killed their victims, that we should rape the rapists and molest the molesters. I say we kill all three...painlessly and quickly. That's not "eye for eye". An "eye for an eye" should not be taken completely literally. It basically means an approach which trades suffering for suffering - which is an approach for vengeance.
What is incomprehensible is your willingness to jump on a false logic bandwagon with the other misguided followers of the pseudo-intellect...daewoo.   Now THAT sounds like what a Nazi would enjoy. Jesus!  I can think of a few things that I believe the prisons should not provide to convicts. What is on your list?  Hence your willingness to torture all prisoners...guilty or not.   All it takes is money and a viable plan.   If enough voters say so, the death penalty will disappear...then the highly paid defenders of capital crime perps will have to find another way to 'earn' their millions.   ???   There's actually a move on now to reduce the number of jurors required to vote for the death penalty...to make it 10 out of 12 or something like that.   Your solution of pumping money into prison construction is also costly.    Please explain "thrown away without being executed". You've already claimed that those who are unable to be rehabilitated should be killed. I'm thinking you want those who can be rehabilitated to be released back into society to make more room in the prisons...or do you want to torture them every day until they die? What is the third category to which these "throw aways" belong?  Now, I feel like I should go see a shrink for saying this, but I actually agree with Jim here. In other words, I looked at the barbarism of Jim and Obvious's posts, and Jim's actually seems less. I still disagree with the DP, however torture and inhumane prison conditions seem even more barbaric at the time.  Unless, that is, Obvious is being humorous with his posts condoning torture. If not, then this is probably one of the first times that I think Jim has a little more common sense.
As for the prison system, I think we might be going about it the wrong way. I don't believe that making life even more miserable for prisoners will accomplish anything significant. However, I do not believe that making life any easier for prisoners is the answer either. To tell you the truth, I do not know what action should be taken at the moment. We should be keeping the system the way it is until something realistic can be done. Blind speculation on what could be done would be unwise. We need something that can be backed up with solid facts, and furthermore, more resources should be diverted to this field of research than presently are.  In conclusion, I do not believe any inhumane treatment will improve our current situation any more. I believe a more psychological treatment would be more effective at the moment, but am still researching on the subject.  Stanford did an experiment on prison rehabilitation and psychology, and had an extremely interesting outcome. I would highly suggest watching a 50 minute documentary on the Stanford prison experiment. I've watched the whole thing, and it was as informative as it was disturbing. If you have the time, it would be a good idea to watch it to get some first hand information on the effects of incarceration.
Can anyone respond to 278 and 279?
I'm being slightly humourous and slightly not. It's in the fantasy section, it won't happen, therefore I can talk about anything!  Wait... what?
The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else. In prison, the criminal could a) kill another inmate, 2) kill a guard, 3) escape and kill a civilian, 4) have their sentence commuted and get out to commit another crime.  Quote: Would you agree if the death penalty was banned?  No, for the reasons stated above and one more. Some people don't deserve to live....like SH, for example. __________________   True , gang members put in prison often kill other opposing gang members in prison so that is true. They also get put in prison and are proud some of them , gang leaders consider it a mark of honor something some of them getting caught by the 'fuzz' and put in jail.     Who are we to decide who is to live? What makes us so much better? Hitler didnt deserve to live but that does not give us the right to kill him.   I agree with shooter and proud but hey heres a situation, why don't we give murderers fates to the ones most hurt by their crime, and rapists fates are decided by the ones t hey rape. They would know the best. IF the ones raped are too young such as under maybe 10 or are like seven or its a loved one and they can't seperate justice from love, then the case be decided by law.   Give them the chance to live in solitary confinement, give them the chance, we can always take it away. But those killed don't get no more chances. In prison if they do kill put them in confinement. Same with the others, if they are in solitary and they succeed in killing someone else , death penalty then fine.    But gang murders should be different, if someone is in jail for killing a gang member in a fight or something like that , it is murder but it isnt as open and as clear justice as it is if they shot a four year old in the head for being related to someone in an opposing gang. Then its wrong flat out, solitary or death penalty. Personally Id be for giving them death penalty for anyone who would do that. But I have two three year old cousins who I love to death and would kill anyone who harmed them so I do not want anyone to get away with killing kids. Child killers are some of the worst criminals there are.
Give the murders and rapists to the ones they hurt most? If anyone can decide what is right, the ones most hurt can.    5. Organ donation:  Why not, if it can be done safely, without harm to them and they can live without why not have immates tested to be donors. People who did nothing to deserve death might have a chance. Children who are poor and ended up in a doctors office at random, and it got to be more, it would do them good, if they got to live for someone gave them a kidney or a lung. Why not have it as an option? If organ donation is willing by the prisoner then why not have it be part of the punishment even if it doesn't take away from the sentence?     I would advise listening to it once in awhile. The KKK said the same thing. So did hitler..     I will hold to the opinion that only those who are personally affected by said criminal can hold a desire for revenge. Society as a whole seeks justice, not revenge.   So you are telling me if you are walking on the streets of your city and you walk into the wrong alleyway by mistake and see someone raping a seven year old girl who is crying, and then you watch them cut her throat. You wouldn't want vengeance? or if you hear about somone who used candy or a stuffed animal to draw a little seven year old girl away and then he rapes her and bruttally kills her? would you not want vengeance?    Who in america didnt want vengeance for 9\11? RELATED OR NOT/  I know I did and i was eight at the time, and i still do. My sister was close to the trade center and could of died but she didnt, and i dont know anione else who was killed in it but I still hate the people who stole mothers and fathers away from children.   Nother example  If on haloween some drunk highschoolers for the hell of it stalk junior high school kids and theres a confrontation and someone dies or the kids run into traffic , wouldnt you still want vengeance?  I would     Any mother who places her welfare ahead of the life of the child she was stupid enough to create does not deserve the right to make decisions. She's stupid.  Oh yes its stupidyt if a single mother is raped by someone she knows or a stranger in her own home, and she goes along so to protect her current child?  Or if a fourteen year old is in the wrong place at the wrong time and she goes in the wrong alley and some guy rapes her and she listens to the rapist because there is a knife at her throat?  Or a five year old who gets raped by her step father or who gets lost at the park and wanders up to the nice man sitting by the bench who has candy and offers to help her find her mom if she will just get into his car?  Or the 14, 15 or sixteen year old who has sex because she was not educated about it at all, and the guy is a good bit older and she isn't protected? OR even the young kids beneath 18 OR older and they use protection and it messes up, and don't find out she is p regnant till too late?  Are they really stupid?   Feel a bit foolish about now.   Wow, what? I though victims could only be intelligent life forms. I didn't know that anything made of organic material could be. Are the weeds in my garden victims too? I should have a funeral.  Does that mean i;m guilty of murdering the ant i stepped on or the banana I ate? I should have a funeral with hearse and marching band and all and burial for the black widow spider , I asked my uncle to kill while I held his baby daughter(and the cousin who is like a sister to me) who is three, so she would not get bit? Do I need a burial for that spider? Three year olds are VERY inquistive , believe me , my baby cousin is and her twin brother is too but too a somewhat more moderate degree, i watch them for their parents so their parents can have some rest alot.    do do realize that if they do murder somebody while they are in prison, it will most likely be another prisoner, since the guards are armed? So you think the murder of a normal law abiding citizen deserves LESS of a punishment than the murder of a prisoner in prison? And you also think they deserve the death penalty for simply trying to escape? What if they don't kill anyone in their escape attempt? Do they still deserve the death penalty? So you are for the death penalty if a prisoner kills or attempts escape, but the normal run-of-the-mill citizen murder should only get life imprisonment?   No if they have the chance to become a better person in prison and have time to think about how bad it was t hat they did and they still kill somone then maybe they have lost their chance  If you place a piece of cheese on the floor and a mouse comes and eats it, whose fault is it, the cheese's or the mouse's?   OR YOURS YOU PUT THE CHEESE DOWN AFTER ALL< TEMPTING THE MOUSE AND SACRIFICING THE CHEESE? Do I need to have a funeral for the cheese than if it gets eaten?   (If Billy Bob spends th next 25 years in prison, then I don't have to wonder if Billy Bob is going to be stealing my car for the next 25 years) Not if billy bob escapes than you have to wonder about it. But what if hes a murderer and you put him in jail then don't you want to worry about him killing you if he escapes? I would
I know you are an ardent supporter.
Dennis Fritz is a man who needs to be noticed more. His Book changed my views about the Death Penalty. He is the Other Innocent Man in John Grisham's The Innocent Man, he wrote a book called Journey Toward Justice Published by Seven Locks Press. A Companion book to The Innocent Man. Dennis Fritz writes his own story about unwarranted prosecution and wrongful conviction and is a true crime. Endorsed on Jacket by John Grisham which he states as Compelling and Fascinating. Journey Toward Justice is a testimony to the Triumph of the human Spirit and is a Memoir. Dennis Fritz was wrongfully convicted of rape and murder after a swift trail. The only thing that saved him from the Death Penalty was a lone vote from a juror. Dennis Fritz was the other Innocent man mentioned in John Grisham's Book. which mainly is about Ronnie Williamson, Dennis Fritz's co-defendant. Both were exonerated after spending 12 years in prison.  The real killer was one of the Prosecution's Key Witness. Read about why he went on a special diet of his while in prison, amazing and shocking. Dennis Fritz's Story of unwarranted prosecution and wrongful conviction needs to be heard. Read about how he wrote hundreds of letters and appellate briefs in his own defense and immersed himself in an intense study of law. He was a school teacher and a ordinary man whose wife was brutally murdered in 1975 by a deranged 17 year old neighbor. On May 8th 1987, Five years after Debbie Sue Carter's rape and murder he was home with his young daughter and put under arrest, handcuffed and on his way to jail on charges of rape and murder.  After 10 years in prison he discovered The Innocence Project, a non-profit legal organization. With the aid of Barry Scheck and DNA evidence Dennis Fritz was exonerated on April 15,1999 Since then, it has been a long hard road filled with twist and turns and now on his Journey Toward Justice. He never blamed the Lord and solely relied on his faith in God to make it through. He waited for God's time and never gave up. I can not add links at this moment But, For more information on Dennis Fritz and many issues in his book google me "barbara's journey toward justice'. Thank you for reading this and please visit my blog.
Vatican official says death penalty for Saddam would be wrong  VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- The head of the Vatican's justice and peace office said it would be wrong to carry out the death penalty against Saddam Hussein. The former Iraqi president was sentenced to death by hanging Nov. 5 in a case involving the deaths of 148 Iraqis in 1982. Cardinal Renato Martino, president of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace, said, "For me, to punish a crime with another crime, such as killing out of vengeance, means that we are still at the stage of 'an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.'" In a Nov. 5 interview with ANSA, the Italian news agency, the cardinal said both Pope John Paul II's 1995 encyclical, "Evangelium Vitae" ("The Gospel of Life"), and the Catechism of the Catholic Church teach that modern societies have the means to protect citizens from the threat of a murderer without resorting to execution. "God has given us life, and only can God take it away," the cardinal said, adding, "the death sentence is not a natural death."
If you have a position please share it. No need to start new threads as some sort of news service.  Not that the possition of one man counts for anything more than individual opinion, a collective possition becomes a outcry.  My Possition on this is hardly supprising it is in full complaince with the Vatican. I believe killing Saddam Husain wont prove anything except that those who are killing him are no better than him. He is killed because he Killed?  No, if we as ordinary decent human beings want to promote a world free from violence we ourselves must be peaceful, a world based on love, we must love we are called to be the light of the world. We are to lead by example...killing and bombing will only lead to killing and bombing. I firmly reject my Country, my Queen and the entire world of madness in which they belong and I embrace the call to love in Christs most holy name and proclaim that Call to all mankind in unison with the whole Church in joining with them in condemning the death penalty..we must lead by example, our political leaders have shown the world their example in vengance in bloodshed in oppression and in military domination....and we are told to be proud of such things.  I long to see the Iraqi people free just as I long to see the Afgani People free, just as I long to See The German, Dutch, English, Scotish, Welsh, Irish and American, I long to see the whole world freed from these political monsters who play with the lives of Decent ordinary people... We are the light of the world!   I think This song By Donovan says it all.....You dont have to be in Iraq or Carry a Gun all you have to do is support the war, the death penalty for sadam... all you have to do is support or even just turn your face away from something that contradicts love and you become a universal soldier for hate and violence.    He's five foot-two, and he's six feet-four, He fights with missiles and with spears. He's all of thirty-one, and he's only seventeen, Been a soldier for a thousand years.  He'a a Catholic, a Hindu, an Atheist, a Jain, A Buddhist and a Baptist and a Jew. And he knows he shouldn't kill, And he knows he always will, Kill you for me my friend and me for you.  And he's fighting for Canada, He's fighting for France, He's fighting for the USA, And he's fighting for the Russians, And he's fighting for Japan, And he thinks we'll put an end to war this way.  And he's fighting for Democracy, He's fighting for the Reds, He says it's for the peace of all. He's the one who must decide, Who's to live and who's to die, And he never sees the writing on the wall.  But without him, How would Hitler have condemned him at Dachau? Without him Caesar would have stood alone, He's the one who gives his body As a weapon of the war, And without him all this killing can't go on.  He's the Universal Soldier and he really is to blame, His orders come from far away no more, They come from here and there and you and me, And brothers can't you see, This is not the way we put the end to war.  THAT IS MY POSSITION!
http://mensnewsdaily.com/2006/12/19/libyan-court-sentences-health-workers-to-death-in-aids-case/  A Libyan court has convicted six foreign health workers of deliberately infecting hundreds of children with the virus that causes AIDS, and has sentenced them to death. The verdict brought swift condemnation from Europe and from international human rights groups. VOA Correspondent Challiss McDonough has more from our Middle East bureau in Cairo.  The court issued the death sentences after convicting five Bulgarian nurses and a Palestinian doctor of deliberately infecting more than 400 children with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.   A defense lawyer said the trial was unfair and the verdict will be appealed.  The defendants have been imprisoned for seven years. This is the second time they have been sentenced to death. A first trial verdict was overturned in 2005 and a new trial was ordered, after an international outcry over the fairness of the proceedings.  Human rights groups and AIDS scientists say the second trial was no better. The court refused to throw out the confessions of three of the accused, which they have repeatedly said were obtained under torture.  Kudos to the Libyan court for ignoring scientific and expert mumbo jumbo. After all, what could possibly be more reliable than a confession obtained under torture?  It occurs to me that this is actually kind of scary, since our own justice system seems to parallel this in many cases. Capture somebody who seems suspicious, then torture them until they confess. The only real difference would seem to be that in Libya, they have the right to an open and public trial regardless of circumstances, the nature of the crime, or the nationality of the accused. In the US, there are no such gaurantees for certain accused individuals.  With the super neat changes that we have made to our system, this could happen RIGHT HERE in the US...the only difference being that there would be no international outcry because, unlike syria, we could do it secretly...the public would never have to know...an obvious improvement over syrias legal system.
Let's research the quality of there Prisons, cells, food, routines, and the prison lifestyle that these lifers find so difficult to endure and copy it here so our lifers suffer the same depth of despair and hopelesness. Lifers shouldn't have access to TV, Radio, Newspapers, or even interaction with other Prisoners. They should be in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day with access only to the religious book of their choice if they want one. Life for a convicted murderer should be so hard that they pray for death over living like that.  But coming from the Italian Prisoners, It's probably nothing more than reverse psychology to lay guilt on the Politicians for better living conditions. :xbanghead  Wow! So that's the view of someone who lives by the words of Christ. God help the rest of us.  What happened to forgiveness, tresting others as you would like to be treated yourself, etc, etc?
Although I agree that life imprisonment should be such, and that it should not be an easy life for those that are on it, you put yourself forward as a man of God who lives in the light blah blah blah.  I could quote the Bible endlessly with quotes that tell you that you should forgive those that have sinned, treat others as you would wish to be treated, love thy neighbour as thyself, but nowhere have I seen it say that you should love thy neighbour but only if it is convenient or unless they have done something wrong.  I just thought it worth mentioning.  Smiley
Let's research the quality of there Prisons, cells, food, routines, and the prison lifestyle that these lifers find so difficult to endure and copy it here so our lifers suffer the same depth of despair and hopelesness. Lifers shouldn't have access to TV, Radio, Newspapers, or even interaction with other Prisoners. They should be in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day with access only to the religious book of their choice if they want one. Life for a convicted murderer should be so hard that they pray for death over living like that.  I thought our job was to keep them away from society, not brain damage them.    But coming from the Italian Prisoners, It's probably nothing more than reverse psychology to lay guilt on the Politicians for better living conditions. :xbanghead  Thats right, we Italians are smarter than you think emoticon_xangel .
These are convicted murderers who have forfeited their rights be a part of Society. This isn't about fellowshiping with brothers or forgiving a neighbor for trespassing. How can you consider the two equal ? If my daughter was murdered, I would really try to forgive her killer. But I would stand up in Court and ask for the harshest punishment allowed by Law in order to protect other innocents from his violent tendancies. That action would be my expression of love for good and innocent people my friend. Murderers and rapists have forfeited their rights to recieve Societies love.  If the murderer humbles himself before the Lord of grace, he will be saved and forgiven by God. If you read back, you'll see that I said they should get the religious book of their choice if they ask. Let them seek forgiveness from He who can truly forgive, but according to the laws of man he has forfeited those rights when he stole life he couldn't return. And if you show me where the bible say's to let the murderer go free to kill again, or to treat them with respect and dignity, I'll quickly change my stance.    I didn't call for torture, just that they have none of the modern conveniences that make their lives pleasurable. Let them think about what they've done and maybe they'll repent for their sins and reach out to God in their hour of need.  Let's have a look at what you really said in your original post.  copy it here so our lifers suffer the same depth of despair and hopelesness. Life for a convicted murderer should be so hard that they pray for death over living like that.  As you are a true Christian who follows the teachings of Christ and tries to live his life by Christ's words, I was just wondering how you could make these statements. They don't show the same moral code at all. They show a true hatred for these criminals, which I might expect from one of us immoral types, but surely you should have it in your heart to forgive them, and be trying to bring them to the realisation that your god is 'the one true way'. Instead you feel that they should feel such depths of despair and hopelessness that they would pray for death rather than endure their punishment.  I was just wondering how you could have such a hateful view of those that have sinned, rather than trying to save their souls.  Yet you seem to have the impression that I would release them into society to commit these crimes all over again. So let's see what I said in my reply to your second post.  I agree that life imprisonment should be such, and that it should not be an easy life for those that are on it  Yet you reply with this.  And if you show me where the bible say's to let the murderer go free to kill again, or to treat them with respect and dignity, I'll quickly change my stance.  In reply to this, I would say that everyone should be treated with respect and dignity, and I would think that you as one who follows the words of the 'one true God who forgives all those who sin against him', you would feel something that remotely resembles his teachings.  But as per usual you have just demonstrated that you are filled with hate for another (perhaps more deserving) segment of humanity.  And just to pick up on one part of the first paragraph in your last rant  This isn't about fellowshiping with brothers or forgiving a neighbor for trespassing.  I'm sure if you had truly read and understood your Lord's teachings, you would realise that these miserable wretches that you dispise so much are your neighbours and they need your help more than any others. They may have forfeit their rights to dwell as members of society, but they are still human beings, and you more than anyone else should be fighting for their souls rather than wishing dispair and hopelessness upon them.  emoticon_xangel Smileyemoticon_xangel
But surely the death and resurrection of Christ means that we no longer live under the law, but under grace? If the relatives of the victims of the Rwandan genocide and the apartheid regime in South Africa, and the Northern Ireland troubles can all recognise that people can be changed and hence forigve, as God does, those who have committed terrible crimes, then why can't you? God doesn't just call us to love when it is easy, he calls us to love when it is hard. Jesus didn't call for the death of those who nailed him to the cross, he said "father, forgive them". We lock people up because we can't trust them not to re-offend. Being deprived of liberty is punishment in and of itself. If prisoners want to turn their lives around, whether religiously of simply by contributing to society, one Norwegian model offers a much better example than what you propose. http://society.guardian.co.uk/societyguardian/story/0,,1828380,00.html It won't satisfy your blood lust and desire for vengeance, but it is cheaper and apparently effective.
I don't have a hateful view of those who have just sinned at all smiley. My view is to make sure murderers never get to kill again. That child abductors, rapists and killers of their victims in order to hide their crimes, who are human predators and have forfeited their right to live in a civilized society actually suffer for their crimes against humanity. Do you find that prospect so repulsive ?   I actually endorse the death penalty for such criminals but if they must get life without parole then let it be hard and not just a new address to live comfortably within at the expense of the State. In other words, I'm for showing these violent predators the same mercy they showed their victims. They deserve nothing less. Now you can try to make this a debate on my personal faith. I'll go there too because the bible has been very clear on how killers should be treated according to the laws of god. It's hard to show love for society by allowing predators to exist within it.  You are not hateful? So you did not make these statements?  copy it here so our lifers suffer the same depth of despair and hopelesness.  Life for a convicted murderer should be so hard that they pray for death over living like that.   I would like an answer to this.  And yet again you imply that I would set these people free to commit more crimes. I requote myself so you can ignore it once more.  I agree that life imprisonment should be such, and that it should not be an easy life for those that are on it   The you go on to mention the Laws of God. It is easy to pick and choose when it comes to the laws of god, as they contradict each other more often than not - Murderers must die/Thou shalt not kill etc etc.  But you are a Christian, and should follow the words of Christ. He clearly says, "Love thy neighbour as thyself". This was one of his most important messages, yet now we learn that you are wishing death upon these people, not just the extreme suffering that you previously wished upon them.  What's that other quote that fits you to a T?  John 8:7 "He who is without sin among you, let him throw a stone at her first."  You are so quick to judge, yet you don't seem to understand the first thing about the words of the one you claim to follow.  Smiley
Thank you ever so much for allowing me to repeat my prior post as many times as I like. However, as you are not going to answer it (as usual) I see little point.  As for the OP I have already commented on it by disagreeing with your suggestions (from which you now seem to be shying away).
Let's research the quality of there Prisons, cells, food, routines, and the prison lifestyle that these lifers find so difficult to endure and copy it here so our lifers suffer the same depth of despair and hopelesness. Lifers shouldn't have access to TV, Radio, Newspapers, or even interaction with other Prisoners. They should be in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day with access only to the religious book of their choice if they want one. Life for a convicted murderer should be so hard that they pray for death over living like that.  But coming from the Italian Prisoners, It's probably nothing more than reverse psychology to lay guilt on the Politicians for better living conditions. :xbanghead  Its pretty easy to forget that these are humans were talking about here isn't it?  I wish that I could give some of these conservatives a time machine, so that they could travel back to ancient times and be happy without screwing our system up.   And also keep in mind that not all of these convicts are exactly Michael Myers (the Halloween guy, not the actor).  Heres a good article for ya:  http://aclu.org/womensrights/violence/25901res20060612.html  Words From Prison: Women's Incarceration and Loss of Parental Rights  To hear her mother tell it, Angela was a go-getter from the very start. Her take- charge style didn't make her the most popular playmate among her friends, but it paid off well later in life. Being the first person in her family to go to college, Angela eventually enrolled in business school and graduated near the top of her class. While others were satisfied to work in the bowels of corporate America, Angela craved independence. She bought a small car dealership and turned it into a successful distributor of luxury cars and trucks.  Angela's luck with men didn't manifest that golden touch. A short relationship before college produced her first son, Kevin. Angela worried about raising her son without a father figure, but she was careful about the men she brought into her life. Her son took to a particular mentor in an after school program, and after Angela met him, she understood why. Andre was a good, supportive, and loving figure in Kevin's life, and he eventually found a place in Angela's heart as well. Andre was also good for Angela's business. Angela turned over the bookkeeping side of her business to Andre, an accountant by trade. She felt luckier still when Andre came up with a solution to solve her occasional cash flow problems. One of Andre's childhood friends was looking for a good investment and agreed to be a silent partner in Angela's expanding business. Life couldn't be better when she found out that she and Andre were expecting. With no reason to wait, the two married and formed the perfect family.  Angela's life took a dramatic turn for the worse when police arrived at the dealership and arrested Andre. When she was finally able to see Andre in lock-up, Andre told Angela that the arrest was a big mistake that he would work out once he was released. Angela was stunned to find that Andre was being held on a $250,000 bail. Their cash flow was tight and she couldn't come up with the necessary resources. Moreover she had another pressing problem. She was terrified by several angry calls that she received immediately after Andre was arrested. Someone called demanding that she make good on a large sum of money that he claimed she owed and if she failed to do so, Kevin would be made to pay the price. Andre gave Angela the name and number of a client who owed them money, and told her to make a call to demand the money right away and bail him out with it. With the remaining money, he would then be able to squash the beef with the anonymous caller.  Terrified and hoping to save the lives of her husband and son, Angela made the call to a man she didn't recognize. Shortly after the contact wired $100,000 into her account, she was arrested by federal officers as she attempted to withdraw the money to pay for Andre's bail. Angela was shocked not only to find that the man she called was a drug distributor, but also to discover that she was charged with money laundering, constructive possession, and conspiracy to distribute drugs. Thinking it was all an enormous mistake, Angela kept her cool and told the prosecutors all she knew. When she finally did get a lawyer, she was shocked to find that she was facing 24 years, a mandatory minimum for her unwitting role in permitting her business to be used to store drugs and to launder money for a drug network. Yet, Angela never sold drugs, never handled any drug money, and was unaware that her business was being used in the conspiracy. Prosecutors provided Angela with a ray of hope: if she would name her co-conspirators, she might be eligible for a downward departure in her sentence. The only person Angela knew was Andre, and she couldn't believe that he was knowingly part of this disaster. Because she could not provide any useful information, and couldn't imagine imprisoning the father of her unborn child, she was eventually convicted and sentenced to 24 years in federal prison. Angela was stunned when she heard that Andre, who did have some information to share about their new investor, received a far more lenient sentence. Conspiracy provisions have expanded the range of people ensnared by drug laws and have contributed to the explosion of women's drug convictions. Once a "conspiracy" is established, every participant can be held liable for the actions of every other member, even if the participant did not have any knowledge of the actions or existence of other participants. So, even though women often play minimal or peripheral roles in drug sales, they are held accountable for the amount of drugs attributed to the entire conspiracy. Conspiracy provisions exist under federal and New York state law. Also, under these laws, co-conspirators can often get more lenient sentences for providing information to police and prosecutors. Women often get harsher sentences than their co-conspirators because they play very peripheral roles and have little information to trade.  Although crushed by the reversal of her fortunes, Angela discovered that worse was soon to come. Angela's mother had agreed to move into Angela's home to care for her young son, but months after her incarceration, Angela's home, cars and business were all seized by the federal government under forfeiture laws. With no place to stay, and now no assets, Angela's mother struggled to care for Kevin. Barely able to support Kevin, Angela worried about what would happen to her still unborn child; her mother seemed pushed to the edge as it was and they had few other options. Today, more than one and a half million children in the United States have a parent behind bars. Approximately seven million American children have a parent under some correctional supervision. African-American children are nine times more likely to have a parent incarcerated than white children. Seventy-five percent of women in New York prisons and jails are mothers, most the primary caretakers of their children before their arrest. About 11,000 children have a mother in a New York state prison.  In the months that followed, Angela's worst fears came true. She became increasingly worried about her baby's health as her due date neared because there was no gynecological or prenatal care available in the prison. When Angela began to go into labor she notified the prison guards, who transported her in handcuffs to a nearby hospital. As soon as she was admitted, the guards insisted that Angela be shackled to the bed using leg irons to prevent her from escaping. Escaping was the last thing on Angelas's mind; as her labor pains intensified and she grew more and more terrified at not being able to move because of the restraints and the harm her baby might suffer as a result. Shackling of all prisoners, including pregnant prisoners, is policy in federal prisons and the US Marshall Service and exists in almost all state prisons. Only two states have legislation regulating the use of restraints (belly chain, leg irons and handcuffs). Shackling during labor may cause complications during delivery such as hemorrhage or decreased fetal heart rate. If a caesarian section is needed, a delay of even 5 minutes may result in permanent brain damage to the baby.  Fortunately, Angela's newborn baby girl was healthy; however, she was only allowed to hold her for a few hours. Angela's baby was taken from her and she was transported back to prison. She was told that her baby would be given to her mother to care for along with Kevin. Angela's mother occasionally brought the children to visit, but the five-hour ride to the Danbury took a toll on her fragile health. When they were able to come, Angela met her children in the dingy, fluorescent-lit room, holding onto them for several minutes when they arrived. The visits were tearful reunions, but Angela tried to get down to the business of catching up on their lives. Soon the visits stopped altogether. Angela's mother, already in poor health, was hospitalized with dangerously high blood pressure. A 2000 government study found that more than half of mothers in state prison nationwide have never had a visit with their children.  In the absence of visits, telephone communication became Angela's lifeline. It was a way for Angela to stay in touch with her children and her mother. But the prison's exorbitant rates for collect calls from prisoners - the only way Angela could call anyone - made even this second-best means of playing a role in her family's lives almost impossible. Over time, there were fewer phone calls, and it became harder and harder for Angela to stay a part of her children's lives. In New York, the Department of Correctional Services (DOCS) has an exclusive contract with Verizon-MCI, which charges very high fees for prison calls - $3.00 to initiate a call and then 16¢ per minute, even though Verizon-MCI rates for the general public are as low as 5¢ per minute for long-distance. In other words, prices for prison calls are 630% higher than a similar non-prison call. In exchange for this contract, DOCS receives substantial kickbacks from Verizon-MCI: $175 million since the contract was initiated in 1996. Most families of prisoners cannot afford the rates, so this vital lifeline is cut off.  The tragedy deepened when Angela's mother died. Angela requested special permission to attend the funeral and to support her children but her request was denied. Profound grief sent Angela into a tailspin of despair, but even that sadness could not prepare Angela for what was in store next. After her mother's death, a few friends and family attempted to watch over the children, but child services was called to take the children, and they were placed in foster care with strangers. Proceeding under state law, the child welfare agency filed a petition to terminate Angela's parental rights 15 months after her children entered foster care. Angela was devastated, never having dreamt that losing her children would be part of her sentence. Under a federal law called the Adoption and Safe Families Act (ASFA) and its New York state corollary, whenever a child has lived in foster care for 15 of the most recent 22 months, the foster care agency is required to file a petition to terminate parental rights. Although the median minimum sentence for a female offender is 36 months, ASFA makes no exceptions for incarcerated parents.  Angela's harsh sentence also destroyed her children's lives. For Kevin especially, it robbed him both of his mother and of his childhood. He would hardly get to know his little sister since she had been placed with another family.  Kevin is now 25, and has himself been caught up in the criminal justice system. Neither he nor his sister have much contact with Angela. Angela had hopes that she might be pardoned by the President after a few high profile cases, but President Clinton left office without having addressed the sentences of scores of women just like Angela. Angela remains in Danbury Federal prison.
Even if the death penalty does decrease crime the error rate in capital cases is too great to tolerate in a civilized society. We make too many mistakes and execute too many who are not guilty.
Name 5 and provide the links.  I'm afraid I have no examples, but isn't ONE too many?
I'd like to use this thread to think out loud about how stupid lethal injection is. Why do they swap the patient's arm with alcohol?
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,280215,00.html  Anti-death penalty forces have gained momentum in the past few years, with a moratorium in Illinois, court disputes over lethal injection in more than a half-dozen states and progress toward outright abolishment in New Jersey.  The steady drumbeat of DNA exonerations - pointing out flaws in the justice system - has weighed against capital punishment. The moral opposition is loud, too, echoed in Europe and the rest of the industrialized world, where all but a few countries banned executions years ago.  What gets little notice, however, is a series of academic studies over the last half-dozen years that claim to settle a once hotly debated argument - whether the death penalty acts as a deterrent to murder. The analyses say yes. They count between three and 18 lives that would be saved by the execution of each convicted killer.  The reports have horrified death penalty opponents and several scientists, who vigorously question the data and its implications.  So far, the studies have had little impact on public policy. New Jersey's commission on the death penalty this year dismissed the body of knowledge on deterrence as "inconclusive."  But the ferocious argument in academic circles could eventually spread to a wider audience, as it has in the past.  "Science does really draw a conclusion. It did. There is no question about it," said Naci Mocan, an economics professor at the University of Colorado at Denver. "The conclusion is there is a deterrent effect."  A 2003 study he co-authored, and a 2006 study that re-examined the data, found that each execution results in five fewer homicides, and commuting a death sentence means five more homicides. "The results are robust, they don't really go away," he said. "I oppose the death penalty. But my results show that the death penalty (deters) - what am I going to do, hide them?"  Statistical studies like his are among a dozen papers since 2001 that capital punishment has deterrent effects. They all explore the same basic theory - if the cost of something (be it the purchase of an apple or the act of killing someone) becomes too high, people will change their behavior (forego apples or shy from murder).  To explore the question, they look at executions and homicides, by year and by state or county, trying to tease out the impact of the death penalty on homicides by accounting for other factors, such as unemployment data and per capita income, the probabilities of arrest and conviction, and more.  Among the conclusions:   Each execution deters an average of 18 murders, according to a 2003 nationwide study by professors at Emory University. (Other studies have estimated the deterred murders per execution at three, five and 14).   The Illinois moratorium on executions in 2000 led to 150 additional homicides over four years following, according to a 2006 study by professors at the University of Houston.   Speeding up executions would strengthen the deterrent effect. For every 2.75 years cut from time spent on death row, one murder would be prevented, according to a 2004 study by an Emory University professor.  In 2005, there were 16,692 cases of murder and nonnegligent manslaughter nationally. There were 60 executions.  The studies' conclusions drew a philosophical response from a well-known liberal law professor, University of Chicago's Cass Sunstein. A critic of the death penalty, in 2005 he co-authored a paper titled "Is capital punishment morally required?"  "If it's the case that executing murderers prevents the execution of innocents by murderers, then the moral evaluation is not simple," he told The Associated Press. "Abolitionists or others, like me, who are skeptical about the death penalty haven't given adequate consideration to the possibility that innocent life is saved by the death penalty."  Sunstein said that moral questions aside, the data needs more study.  Critics of the findings have been vociferous.  Some claim that the pro-deterrent studies made profound mistakes in their methodology, so their results are untrustworthy. Another critic argues that the studies wrongly count all homicides, rather than just those homicides where a conviction could bring the death penalty. And several argue that there are simply too few executions each year in the United States to make a judgment.  "We just don't have enough data to say anything," said Justin Wolfers, an economist at the Wharton School of Business who last year co-authored a sweeping critique of several studies, and said they were "flimsy" and appeared in "second-tier journals."  "This isn't left vs. right. This is a nerdy statistician saying it's too hard to tell," Wolfers said. "Within the advocacy community and legal scholars who are not as statistically adept, they will tell you it's still an open question. Among the small number of economists at leading universities whose bread and butter is statistical analysis, the argument is finished."  Several authors of the pro-deterrent reports said they welcome criticism in the interests of science, but said their work is being attacked by opponents of capital punishment for their findings, not their flaws.  "Instead of people sitting down and saying 'let's see what the data shows,' it's people sitting down and saying 'let's show this is wrong,'" said Paul Rubin, an economist and co-author of an Emory University study. "Some scientists are out seeking the truth, and some of them have a position they would like to defend."  The latest arguments replay a 1970s debate that had an impact far beyond academic circles.  Then, economist Isaac Ehrlich had also concluded that executions deterred future crimes. His 1975 report was the subject of mainstream news articles and public debate, and was cited in papers before the U.S. Supreme Court arguing for a reversal of the court's 1972 suspension of executions. (The court, in 1976, reinstated the death penalty.)  Ultimately, a panel was set up by the National Academy of Sciences which decided that Ehrlich's conclusions were flawed. But the new pro-deterrent studies haven't gotten that kind of scrutiny.  At least not yet. The academic debate, and the larger national argument about the death penalty itself - with questions about racial and economic disparities in its implementation - shows no signs of fading away.  Steven Shavell, a professor of law and economics at Harvard Law School and co-editor-in-chief of the American Law and Economics Review, said in an e-mail exchange that his journal intends to publish several articles on the statistical studies on deterrence in an upcoming issue  Wait, so lemme get this straight. You think that we should cherish every single embryo out there even if it means denying a woman a right to her own body, but you have no trouble executing people that actually exist? Wow, you conservatives are very intelligent thinkers. How can I deny your impeccable logic?
Problem is, everyone keeps talking about all of these innocent people that we have put to death, yet coming up with concrete examples seems to be a bit of a problem. Where is this massive horde of innocent people that have been put to death? The problem is that once the prisoner is executed there is no reason whatsoever to examine his guilt or innocence. If he was innocent there is nothing to be done and nobody is interested in rocking the boat. If he was guilty there is also no interest. What we do have is a number of cases which otherwise would have proceeded to execution except for last minute DNA evidence which proved exculpatory. Too many mistakes.
Frankly I don't care what the stats say. I don't want my government to have the power to execute.  And IF we are. Everyone on death row gets the same level of representation. I am sick of the rich being able to buy themselves off with better representation.  Actually - that kind of ticks me off period. The idea that money should purchase you better counsel for the same crime (or a worse crime) than the poor slob using a public defender.  An attorney friend of mine thought it might be helpful if ALL attorneys were required to do 1-2 years of public defender service and that it was then part of their record as an attorney.
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,280215,00.html  "We just don't have enough data to say anything," said Justin Wolfers, an economist at the Wharton School of Business who last year co-authored a sweeping critique of several studies, and said they were "flimsy" and appeared in "second-tier journals."  "This isn't left vs. right. This is a nerdy statistician saying it's too hard to tell," Wolfers said. "Within the advocacy community and legal scholars who are not as statistically adept, they will tell you it's still an open question. Among the small number of economists at leading universities whose bread and butter is statistical analysis, the argument is finished."  Although I agree with this researcher's opinion, I would be hesitant to consider any of the numbers or researchers cited in this article as reliable. Why? It seems more relevant to ask the opinion of sociologists and criminologists about the death penalty serving as a deterrent. But again, this article was printed by Fox news, who simply provide conservative propaganda and not factual information. And that is not an opinion but an observation after watching several Fox news shows.  Additionally, the fact remains that "Relatively few crimes committed in the U.S. are eligible for the death penalty...[Therefore,] by definition, the death penalty cannot have much of an effect on the overall U.S. crime rate" (Mays & Winfree, 2005, p. 396).  And in regards to the effect the death penalty has on the murder rate in the U.S., "...we simply do not know. The death penalty might be a deterrent, but we have no way of knowing the number of murders that did not occur. However, if executions did lower the murder rate, we would expect Texas [who by far has executed more people than any other jurisdiction in the U.S. since the reinstatement of the death penalty in 1976] to have the nation's lowest per capita murder rate" (Mays & Winfree, 2005, p. 396). But, it does not!   Source: Mays, G.L., & Winfree, L.T. (2005). Essentials of corrections(3rd edition). Belmont, CA: Thomson Wadsworth.
Steve: Is one too many people wrongfully convicted and sent to life in prison where they died behind bars?  Yes.
Name 5 and provide the links. Here is a link about people who were released prior to the death penalty due to being shown to be innocent (124 people since 1973). It also lists at least seven people who were executed despite strong doubts about their guilt. Of course, it is difficult to officially prove innocence after death since there are no criminal court proceedings for the dead.  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/article.php?did=412&scid=6
There is an important point that hasn't been made here yet.  Namely, even if a particular punishment can be proven to reduce certain types of crimes, the punishment itself still has to be analyzed for the morality / ethics of its use. Reducing crime is not a sufficient reason to install a particular punishment. After all, in some repressive countries of this world (ex. in Saudi Arabia), people have their hands cut off if they steal. Certainly, that would reduce the amount of theft, but does that make the punishment right and moral? The bottom line is that reduction of crime (which still has yet to be fully proven for the death penalty) is not enough - the punishment has to be judged on its own merits and morality.
Is one too many people wrongfully convicted and sent to life in prison where they died behind bars? At least with life in prison, they have the maximum chance of being proven innocent. You can't give them any more time for proving their innocence than their natural lifetime. With the death penalty, you cut short that chance.
So again, this points to the fact that the appeals system is effective at preventing "innocent" people from being executed? I had asked for 5 examples of innocent people who were executed. Chemist99a stated that "we execute too many innocent people". Someone has yet to give me 5 examples of innocents that we have executed.   And by the way: The information about the seven "potentially innocent" people that have been executed is quite laughable in some cases. The web site which I referenced did site those eight cases that were executed despite strong doubts about their guilt. What specifically makes you think some of those cases are laughable? Also, what proof of innocence would be sufficient for you? Do you claim that there are trials for the dead that can officially determine innocence after execution? I have heard of no such trial.  Also, if I remember correctly, I believe you were in favor of executing almost immediately after sentence - which would have left those 124 innocent people dead (~10% of those executed, as I remember).
I would say that it has. It seems that there is still a majority in this country who is for the death penalty. Just because you do not agree with the penalty and do not find it to be a moral act does not mean that those of us who support it have not weighed the morality of the issue. Until majority opinion changes, I suspect the death penalty will continue to exist. I give it about 20 more years, as our country slides a little farther left each year. My main objection against the death penalty is that the major reason which I hear coming out of supporters is basically the desire for state sponsored vengeance. The reasons given most often for supporting the death penalty are emotional reasons of retribution for the heinous acts of the criminal. I continue to feel very uncomfortable basing a system of morality on vengeance.
My major complaint against the death penalty is that it is quite permanent. If later exculpatory evidence comes out... there is no reversing the punishment.
The DPIC is also a strongly biased anti-death penalty site. And yes, I saw the 8 "executed but possibly innocent", however I have still not been given 5 examples of innocents executed.   And no, I do not claim that there are trials that can determine innocence after execution...we hold those while they are alive, and before they are sentenced to death. In the absense of being able to examine all evidence, and hear all testimony in a death case, I am forced to defer to the decision of the jury who was presented with all the evidence and heard all of the testimony. I don't sit back and try to Monday morning QB death cases when I don't have all the facts.  I still don't see how you can be convinced that someone who was executed was innocent. You apparently only trust the judgement of the jury yet admit that there are no trials that can determine innocence after execution. Obviously, if someone were found innocent before execution, they would not be executed. Really, what evidence are you looking for and, once again, what is it that you don't find reasonable in the arguements presented for those eight cases in the web site that I referenced. Is it that you automatically distrust everything in that web site because it is anti-death penalty? Is that what you are referring to? I thought you had put a harsher condition in another thread, but I don't have time to look for it. This will have to do for now.
How nice for you.   I look at it as punishment, not vengeance. And as for everyone's reasons for or against the death penalty...I could care less. I like to...wait for it...THINK FOR MYSELF, and I personally have no moral objection to punishing someone, even if that punishment is death. I remember an earlier discussion we had in another thread where you thought that vengeance is only relevant if it is the victim or people who know the victim that are exacting retribution. So, much of our disagreement was on the definition of what we labelled as vengeance. Do you disagree, though, that it is mainly retribution that you are looking for in supporting the death penalty?
I trust the jury, and the trial / appeals process that we use prior to execution (although the appeals process needs some streamlining). Why do we need trials after execution? Why do I need to be convinced at all? Why do I need to search for evidence of their innocence?   If they were convicted in a courtof law by a jury of their peers, so be it. They get a fair appeals process, and in most cases (unless you are in Texas or Florida) stand little chance of being executed any time soon anyway. Even in Texas the average time on death row is 10.26 years. If you can't get it together and cast some doubt on your conviction in that amount of time...too bad.     Well, I don't distrust everything that I see on the DPIC website. I do however realize that with their anti-capitol punishment agenda that they tend to only present information and facts that coincide with their agenda, rather than those that go against them.  And what is it that I find laughable about some of the cases presented? Take the case of Cameron Willingham. Now listen, I'm sure that the Chicago Tribune has a well educated and experienced staff of criminal investigators and arson investigators, but I think I will stick with the boots on the ground. For the right amount of money, you can find people to say anything that you want them to say, just look at the Terri Schiavo case. Just because the Chicago Tribune finds some "expert" in the field of arson investigation who examines paper evidence and says their may be cause for doubt does not mean that the man was innocent. The evidence was enough to convince a jury, and every court of appeals that it was presented to. I am comfortable with that.     http://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/stat/dicksonryanlast.htm Since many people seem concerned about innocent people being put to death, would anyone hear have a problem executing this one?  Yes! Murder is murder and those who execute the death penalty are murderers as well.  Not because it is state approved murder is moral.  THOU SHALL NOT KILL
Thanks!  Execution of prisoners is murder, state sanctioned murder  murder: to intentionally kill a person
So let me get this straight, you would violate a womans civil rights to save a fertilized egg, but have no problem killing real people? Wow.
snakespit,  Yes...I do.  I do also!
substitute or add 'Unlawfully' where you have put 'intentionally' then you might be more accurate and therefore make your first sentence irrelevant  execution of prisoners is lawful murder but murder nevertheless
murder  noun [C or U]  the crime of intentionally killing a person:  (Cambridge Dictionary)  to execute a prisoner is murder, for it is an intentional killing. It is State sanctioned murder. They make it legal that's all.
Last I read, the death penalty was not considered an effective deterrant. I think that is mainstream accepted position on the issue.  I'm kind of borderline myself, thinking of some of the worst crimes, and victims' families, but swing decidedly towards getting rid of it. It just doesn't work the way it's supposed to. In order to have a democratic society, we need the appeals process that exists. But that same process is tortuous to both victims and offenders. Better for both sides to have closure. Also, even the appeals process doesn't *out the truth* the way it always should. The system is imperfect. Even cursed as a bureaucratic and unfair mess. So I think getting rid of the death penalty is a more humble position. It acknowledges that our knowledge of life, death and judgement belongs to eyes we do not possess.  Finally, there is the globalization matter. How can we tell, say, an Islamic theocracy not to execute our children or theirs, when we don't follow such laws ourselves?  I think getting rid of the death penalty helps move the entire planet towards a more humane vision for living, and probably, our own violent society as well.
In a way, I think the death penalty is our own abdication of responsibility as a society. When we don't execute people, we acknowledge that their existence, as criminals, is due in respects to our failures to solve certain problems.  Is it really justice to execute some sick soul like the young man who killed so many of his classmates at Virginia Tech?  What created such monstrous behavior?  Maybe we get rid of such people, not because we seek justice, not because we care about the victims and their families, but because we don't want the answers to such questions.  Dead men don't talk.
How do people honestly feel about the fact that this criminal took his own life at the end?  My guess is that his suicide makes sense to many, but for me, frankly, I feel RELIEVED. We've been spared, we don't have to REALLY deal with him, and surely, in some way, he knew this when he took his own life. He was doing us the favor we, America, wanted ... which was not to deal with him at all.  So, instead, we can listen to media pundits elaborate on the mysteries of why students execute large numbers of peers in America. And argue about who we can safely blame (besides ourselves) since he's no longer around.  We can pretend we care about why these things happen. We can pretend we want to know WHY.  But we don't.
Most murders are crimes of passion and not pre-mediated. How does the death penalty deter these crimes?
How can you predict the future? what if you get your head examined and some shrink decides that you are a potential killer and puts you in jail and you end up executed?  It doesn't sound like self defense it sounds more like fascism to me.
Most murders are crimes of passion and not pre-mediated. How does the death penalty deter these crimes?  punishment only deters those who never would commit a crime in the first place.  I worked for years with a guy who was quiet and never argued with anybody and who in a fit of passion killed his wife lover.  who could have predicted he would snap one day?
How do people honestly feel about the fact that this criminal took his own life at the end?  My guess is that his suicide makes sense to many, but for me, frankly, I feel RELIEVED. We've been spared, we don't have to REALLY deal with him, and surely, in some way, he knew this when he took his own life. He was doing us the favor we, America, wanted ... which was not to deal with him at all.  So, instead, we can listen to media pundits elaborate on the mysteries of why students execute large numbers of peers in America. And argue about who we can safely blame (besides ourselves) since he's no longer around.  We can pretend we care about why these things happen. We can pretend we want to know WHY.  But we don't.  and if you cared what difference would it make?
By that definition if it is legal then it is not murder. Notice it says "the crime".   murder is intentional killing whether it is legal or not it is irrelevant, for it is the intention that counts, not the perprator.  What if a State murders millions of people as during the Holocaust, is it legal?  if yes then why after the war the authors were also executed (murdered) by the occupying powers?  why? because there is a moral law that says that murder is murder whether it is state sanctioned or not.  Technicalities will not save your a-s-s when the day of reckonning comes
It is correct that other dictionaries define murder as: The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice. The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice. The unlawful killing of one human by another, especially with premeditated malice.  But you missed the point and the point is that what is legal today can be illegal tomorrow due to a change in circumstances such as in the case of the defeat of Germany and subsequent occupation by the Allies. What was lawful killing one day became murder tomorrow.  The only difference in killing by the state and killing by an individual is that the State killing is that one can not be punished and the other can.  However if there is God both in my opinion are contrary to His moral law and that moral law speaks to us thru our conscience.  Semantics and legal technicalities can not hide the crime and the State's crime is the most heinous for it is committed in cold blood and sometimes decades after the convicted man was imprisoned this constitutes in my view cruel and unfair punishment.
if you had a brother in the military and a muslim chopped off his head with and axe by cutting it like he would a steak...... would that muslim be deserving of the death penalty??  If a muslim had a brother in a city, and a soldier shot him dead for "looking suspicious", would that soldier be deserving of the death penalty? emoticon_rolleyes
My conscience says that it the death penalty is immoral. To eat or not eat pork has nothing to do with morality it is just a human stricture.
At one time the death penalty made sense and was in that respect moral. Today it makes no sense and is in that respect immoral.
Problem is, everyone keeps talking about all of these innocent people that we have put to death, yet coming up with concrete examples seems to be a bit of a problem. Where is this massive horde of innocent people that have been put to death?  http://www.innocenceproject.org/  Will provide some indication to you of the error rates involved in convictions of people for crimes. Some of these are in fact for murder and some of those were for death sentences. You might read the current case they are working on in which they are about to test a hair for DNA to determine whether an person executed for murder was innocent or not.   And if you want to see how the system can abusively treat people read John Grishams "An Innocent Man".
Winston, your conscience is yours to cherish and love.  It does not necessarily agree with everyone else.   If you kill someone unlawfully that is murder.  If you execute someone, that is in accordance with the law hence not illegal and so not a crime hence not murder.  Holocaust comes under genocide  The Holocaust was legal under the Nazis, if Germany would have won the war, it would be still be legal and according to you not murder.  The SS also executed prisoners of war, was that murder or not? Remember it was legal.
Don't see the connections here. What is the 'no sense' ? and even if so why does that make it immoral ?   to execute somebody makes sense to you? then you are on the side of all murderers for I am sure to murder someone makes sense to them, otherwise why would they do it?  so what is your excuse to legally kill somebody?
It makes MORE sense now that one sentenced to life in prison almost never serves his whole sentence and recidivism rates are very high amongst criminals.  Yes many criminals revert to their previous behaviors when released. However you must narrow your focus here to people convicted of capital crimes. Do you know the recidivism rates for that select group?
It makes MORE sense now that one sentenced to life in prison almost never serves his whole sentence and recidivism rates are very high amongst criminals.  Why am I not surprised that someone who is anti-choice person would also support the death penalty, even though there is no evidence that the DP deters any crime. What a joke you rightwingers are. Culture of Life, my XXX.
It really doesn't matter. The reality is that the person is taking up space in a prison that could be used to house another criminal. But since he's there, the other criminal gets an "early out" and he's likely to commit more crimes. In reality, prison population is a zero sum game because nobody wants a new prison in their back yard (NIMBY principle). So, to incarcerate one, you have to let one out. If you're housing a lot of death row inmates, they can't house other criminals, so some are getting released too early and committing more crimes.  Well lets see - we have had about 70 executions in the last few years, people held on death row. Facilities which are generally NOT used for the general prison populations. But you dodged the actual issue. You argued that because of the high rate of recidivism among criminals in general that life sentences (which might not be served in full) for capital crimes were inappropriate. But of course what you did not quote is the actual recividism rate for those specific types of criminals its vital you quote the correct rates you realize its very possible that murders are a lot less likely to repeat their crimes than say drug addicts or drug dealers!!! You should not compare apples and organges.
Self protection  how can a person behind bars present a threat to you?  to execute a prisoner is just revenge enacted by the State on behalf of the people so that the people do not get blood in their hands.  It is not justice it is not self defence, but simply a savage crime no matter what words you use or technicalities you hide behind
Winston  You are perfectly correct.  However they didn't win the war.   So because Germany lost the war, the Holocaust is a crime, but if it had won you would consider it OK? Do you have any sense of morality of what is wrong and what is right?
Prison guards, other inmates, etc., are all potential victims of lifers behind bars.  And vice versa, but do you have any actual rates of assualts on gaurds by lifers as compared to say drug dealers in for 20years? Really I would like to see the numbers!
jps,  Now, that said, there's a world of difference between killing the innocent and killing the guilty. I am intelligent enough to know the difference.   Then at least have the maturity to say that you are Pro-choice - as long as you get to choose who lives and who dies.:xbanghead
snakespit,  Executed Violent Offender Recidivism Rate: 0.00%  And unless the error rate for executing the possibly innocent is the same, the DP will continue to be an inhumane crapshoot.emoticon_idea
snakespit,  If the system is good enough to send someone to prison for life, it should be good enough to send them to death row.   That's just dumb. As long as there is life in the prisoner, there is a chance that evidence will be brought to bear that will lead to that person's ultimate exoneration and freedom/ Once they are executed, it's too late.  Are you willing to push the plunger on one who just might possibly have been convicted of a murder (s)he did not commit?  If not, why should society take that risk?   If you are, what does it say about you?  Otherwise, let's just open all the gates and let them go free.  That's even dumber. Care to try any other false choices?:xbanghead
My point is that the anti-death crowd will stand up and scream to the heavens about the "innocence" of a condemned prisoner, but if that prisoners sentence was commuted to life in prison they would forget all about that prisoner.   I'll use the method of quotation that I prefer, thank you. Last time I checked, no one named you the net nanny.  Nice to see you're still confused. An innocent person does not get her/his sentence commuted. silly child; that person is FREED because (s)he is as innocent as you, I, or OJ.emoticon_idea
snake,  You implied that I meant the person was innocent. I meant that the anti-crowd could give a hoot less about the innocence or guilt of someone serving life in prison, but place the same prisoner on death row and suddenly everyone is interested.    That's just demonstrqably false. The Innocence Projectis just as concerned with freeijng wrongfully convicted people found "guilty" of other than capital crimes as it has been with those wrongfuly convicted of murder. Be that as it may, the questions still remain, " Should society push the plunger on one whose guilt is not proved beyond not only beyond a reasonable doubt but beyond ALL doubt? Would you?":xbanghead
sspit,  There is a reason that the phrase includes the term "reasonable doubt". All doubt would be a rediculous standard that could not realistically be implemented into the US judicial system. I could look at someone and decide that he does not look like a killer...that would be doubt. If the standard burdon (sic.) of proof is not enough for you, too bad. It's the system that is used in this country.  NOT SO!!  "Beyond a reasonable doubt" is the standard used for CONVICTION.  If the state is going to take life, I think that the bar must be raised before it contemplates such an act.  Do you really not believe that the standard for execution should be higher, in fact MUCH higher?  BTW, your comments about LWOP are a strawman. The issue is capital punishment.  Even so, the Innocence Project and others have worked to free many persons convicted and given non-capital sentences.  Don't you find it passing strange that many states are fighting tooth and nail against the introduction of DNA evidence that has been is storage for many years?  One wonders what they are hiding in the name of "getting tough on crime".emoticon_idea
snake,   Are you sayng that to find someone guilty and sentence them to death should have a higher burden of proof than to find that same person guilty of the same crime and give them LWOP?  Not at all. The SCOTUS has made it plain that only the jury may, once it has convicted an accused, make the choice between the DP and LWOP. Judges are permitted absolutely no input.  What I am saying is that the second choice must meet a MUCH higher burden of proof than the first. For me ANY mitigating evidence whatsoever is sufficient for me to vote for LWOP.emoticon_idea
snake,  Name 5 innocent people that have been put to death in the US.   That's just one more in a string of stupid statements from you, pld boy.  Once the prisoner is executed, the case ends.  The more proper inquiry will be, "How many people who have been convicted and sentenced to the DP were later exonerated and walked out of prison free people?"  Get this: Juries err!emoticon_angry 
sspit,  So the appellate process works?  emoticon_mad emoticon_mad  Not necessarily.  The appellate process has worked for some individuals.  How many more it has failed to work for is still the question.  One still wonders why so many states are still resisting DNA analysis of physical evidence used against those who have been convicted in the past.  What is it that the states' prosecutors are trying so hard to hide?emoticon_mad
Can anyone make a rational argument as to why executing a criminal who was 18 years old when committing the crime is not "cruel and unusual punishment," but executing a criminal who was less than 18 at the time of the crime would be cruel and unusual?  Put another way, can anyone explain why it is constitutional to execute a person who was 18 years old when they committed the crime, but it is unconstitutional to execute a person who was under 18 when they committed the crime?  Participants in this discussion should assume that the death penalty, in general, is constitutional. This has been the case from the beginning of our Republic, and has been reaffirmed multiple times. In other words, it is not an appropriate argument to try and argue that the death penalty, in general, is unconstitutional. That has neither been the case through our history, and is not the current state of the law.  *Note: I am speaking within the context of the United States, and its Constitution.
The age of 18 is an arbitrary designation. That is the premise of my question. On what basis can one claim that the Constitution makes this arbitrary designation with respect to the death penalty? I simply don't see any rational argument for it.  When that occurs is variable. So why cannot juvenile crimes which would otherwise be death penalty eligible be treated on a case-by-case basis? Under the theory of variable neurophysiological development, we could suppose that some individuals under 18 will have a fully developed moral understanding, and also some individuals 18 and over who do not.  I am not arguing the validity of that rationale, but that is at least part of the reasoning, I believe. Fair enough. But I am curious to see if anyone can defend the rationality of the rationale (whatever it is purported to be). You're obviously not obliged to do that, but that is sort of the curiosity that I have.
There is no way to judge on a case-by-case basis. What do you mean by this? Could we not have the law treat under-18 capital offenders on an individual basis, determining whether the individual offenders in the individual cases were sufficiently developed?  Also, what would you say to the response that our current law provides that juveniles are sufficiently developed enough to have the responsibility, without parental involvement, to decide whether to obtain an abortion? Is it not a conflict to say juveniles should not be eligible for the death penalty because they are not morally developed enough, but at the same time say juveniles are morally developed enough to decide whether to obtain an abortion without involving their parents?
Look at it this way: Do you think we should treat a 5 year old differently than 25 year who commits the same crime? If you answer is "no", we're done, but if it is "yes", then: How about a 6 year old? a 7 year old? And so forth until you say "no". Then you have drawn the line somewhere. This is exactly my point. Could not juries take the facts of the case into account in each individual situation, and determine the moral culpability of the offender? I think yes.  I am not gonna comment on abortions, except perhaps other things may be weighed into the equation, like the consequences of telling parents or having an unwanted pregnancy. I don't know. I wasn't trying to discuss abortions, but rather the argument that juveniles lack the necessary development to be morally responsible.  On the one hand, the current law says that juveniles do possess enough moral maturity to make the very difficult moral decision to have an abortion without any input from their parents. On the other hand, the law says that juveniles do not possess enough moral maturity to be held responsible for decisions to commit murder.  In other words, I assume you will agree with the proposition that the decision of whether to obtain an abortion is a much more involved moral decision than is the decision whether to murder someone. Yet our law says that juveniles are mature enough to be responsible to make the former judgment, but are not mature enough to be responsible for the latter. We treat juveniles like adults in the more involved moral question of abortion, but we do not treat them like adults in the much easier moral question of murder.  You asked for a rationale to treat different ages differently, I gave you one. Sounds like you don't like the answer. Sorry. I did ask for a rationale, but I'm now aware that my tone did not come through.  I do not believe that there is any conceivable rational argument that reasonably proves that the constitution actually does forbid the execution of a person whose crime was committed while he was a juvenile, but does not forbid the execution of an adult.  Are you persuaded by the rationale you have provided, or were you merely giving one of the rationales that some have given?
Look, Phyl. You asked why the state sentences children differently than adults. With respect, this is not what I asked.  As to whether that's constitutional, I have no idea. Within a particular context, this is what I asked.  If you just want to be argumentative, do it with someone else. I wasn't being argumentative. But I am trying to understand the argument in order to decide whether it is persuasive, which will necessarily mean that objections to the argument be dealt with. You may not be interested in doing that, and of course that is your prerogative. But do please try to be civil should you so decline.
We don't execute people who can't comprehend the nature of their crimes and society says that, under 18 you can't fully comprehend criminal actions. Actually, society hasn't said this. 5 judges, in very recent times, have. I for one think that some 17 year olds fully comprehend the full implications of murder, and therefore should be held accountable in the same way as an 18 year old. I guess I just don't see any reason why a jury could not address the issue on a case by case basis. I do not see the "18 and over execution rule" in the eighth amendment.  Oh, is this an abortion trap? I thought it was really about the death penalty.....  I made the same mistake. No, this is not about abortion, and I think that is very clear. If I wanted to discuss abortion, then I would mosey on along to the abortion forum and post there.  The point about abortion that I brought up is that it questions the premise offered by thelmoose with respect to juvenile development. In fact, this point was made in the dissent of a Supreme Court opinion dealing with executing juvenile offenders.  On the one hand, it is argued that juveniles do posses enough moral maturity to be able to have the same right to abortion as an adult, but on the other hand, it is argued that they do not posses enough moral maturity to be able to be held to the same standard as adults when it comes to the decision to commit cold blooded murder.  For your convenience, I underlined the key parts. We have here two contradictory statements. That is what I was pointing out.
Assuming capital punishment, in the prescribed form, is constitutional, it is still not constitutional to execute a person for a crime committed at 17. It has been tried and I think was successful, but in my opinion, as I will depict below, is not constitutional.   First, we must establish the age of majority at 18. Majority is defined as the ability to enter contracts and be held accountable in court. The first part of that definition is for the most part inconsequential to this argument. However, it shows knowledge of consequence. A 17 year old cannot, by himself, purchase a car on a note. Because he can't be held liable for the note and he is assumed to not understand the consequences of that contract.  Now, we must define juvenille, one who is not of the age of majority. Therefore, do not understand consequences and are unable to enter into contracts. I take exception to the notion that a 14, 15, 16 or 17 year old can be bound over to adult court for crimes committed as, our law defines, a child. These children did not enjoy, nor do they gain, the privelleges of adulthood. They do not gain the right to vote, the right to enter into a contract, or the right to drink, etc. Threfore, at the time of the crime and while sitting in court they are not adults. And cannot be subject to an adult sentence. By the way, we have signed treaties saying it is illegal to execute minors, and those are law... What you have proposed for discussion generally shows a desparity of our criminal justice system. Our societies thirst for blood outweighs our moral conciousness.   It's wrong, but it happens.
I seem to recall instances wherein the courts have chosen to try juveniles as adults. They still do. States even applied the death penalty to some who committed their crimes as juveniles until the Supreme Court (recently) said that even though it hadn't be unconstitutional previously, it now is.  What do you think should be done with the 9 third graders that plotted to kill their teacher for punishing one of them? Had they succeeded in murdering their teacher, what would you want done with them? They are NINE YEARS OLD. I'm not sure. I'm fairly certain that no state has ever made persons who committed their crime at, say, 8-9 years old eligible for the death penalty.
