Should Evolution be removed from Education ?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/creationism_evolution.HTM
Oh dear.  Do you actually know what a scientist means when they call something a "theory"? Because it seems to me that you do not. The concept of gravity is "only a theory", yet oddly enough I don't see anyone trying to say that we should stop accepting the existence of the force of gravity because of this.   The SCIENTIFIC theory of Evolution is a scientific theory that has been and continues to be extensively researched and developed. It should be taught in schools.  Creationism (or Intelligent Design) is not a scientific theory, and is not supported by any evidence. If it must be allowed into schools at all it should be confined to the religious studies classroom, not the science laboratory.   This is an old thread.. Don't expect an answer from Patriot, it looks like the last time he posted here was in 2003.
No, there is not. If there were, they've been overruled by the courts. However, there are court rulings saying that creationism cannot be taught in public schools.Maybe he got that turned around. He is after all...
LOL. He's probably a mellow troll. He joined this December. The dislexia seems like more than coincidence.
Do you believe that human and dinosaur tracks exist together in limestone bedrock ?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/creationism_footprints.HTM
Interesting. What is the geological explanation for this?
Is faith the basis of both creation and evolution or is there solid, unrefutable evidence for either?
In responce to one of gilligan's posts I started this thread:  http://www.youdebate.com/vBulletin/showthread.php?s=&threadid=260  Karl~  I could go with 2 b (1), (2), or the first part of 3 for the definition I would apply to this question.  And applying any, as you have noted, shows that BOTH creation and evolution are religions. Would this be an accurate statement?
Lurch~  In order to apply your responces to the definitions, you would have to prove that evolution (the process by which all things existing were created) is scientific. The point of this thread is to show that both creation and evolution have to be accepted by faith, and thus both are religions.
Some sort of global flood did occur, didn't it? I seem to recall the Discovery Channel presenting lots of evidence that it did.
This isn't the creationism vs. evolution discussion guys. I don't know, but I've heard the theory of an ameobia crawling on to land and mating w/ some other type of creature, and so on and so forth util animals mated there way to human beings..... I know it sound silly, I didnt say I believed it, I just heard it.
:p
Why did you just bring back a four year old thread? Because you introduced him to the definition of "internet troll". It's all your fault!! ;)
*sigh* why would I do that lesz, I'm seeking the truth, not a fairy tale or a lie.  You'd do that because you are looking for the truth. Or... ?
God created life very similar to the way it is now. Most of evolution is BOGUS!  You keep making these statements in all these old threads, but you have yet to even attempt to defend your point. Do you plan on doing so, or are you just a typical Hovindite troll?
Did other planets in other solar systems exist before science discovered them? If you say 'yes' then you'd have to recognise that there are things that ARE before they ARE SCIENTIFIC...  When do you think "science" discovered them?  Certainly they were known to the ancients. The word planet is derived from planetes in greek meaning "wanderer", since their motion was so different from the stars.
hello montalban, I don't usually post, just read what other people are saying. The reason for this is I feel I do not know enough about either subject (I am a programming nerd) to enter into a good debate. But I did have something I would like to bring up that I read and see if you have ideas about what it means. Let us just say for example that you are right and that a circle = sphere.   Revelation 7:1 "And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree."  Isaiah 11:12 "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth."  A globe or sphere does not have four corners, for that matter neither does a circle unless you are talking about its plane, which in my opinion I think they are. It almost sounds like they are talking about the earth as a square or rectangle, again, unless they are talking about the plane of a circle. So how could they mean sphere when it actually says circle as well as having more support for it being a flat circle with those 2 passages above suggesting they meant circle? Just curious.
I'm not saying a circle = sphere.  I simply suggested that a sphere can be described as circular.   Granted, but wouldn't it have been better had they used the word circular instead of circle?   Secondly, if you have a map of the world, you have four corners.   You are right, I don't know why I didn't think of that myself.
My beliefs don't involve global floods for which that is no evidence.   What about the layer of coal surounding earth?
[QUOTE=Demon38]I think it is a strong arguement simply because life is more complex than anything we creative and intelligent humans can match, therefore the most sensible beleif would be that life was created. Your statements seem to indicate that we now know a very detailed history of evolution. I was not aware of this, please give me some examples.   Take a look at the fossils for reptile to mammal evolution, or the evolution of the whale, or human evolution. I think examples such as these and hundreds more overwhelmingly support the theory of evolution. Incremental changes, selected for by the environment over generations can radically change organisms, complexity can dramatically increase. And while we can see many of the mechanisms of evolution at work, there is still no evidence of supernatural intervention. QUOTE]  Which books or websites can i find this information?
Bwahahahahahahahaha!  So I can't ask questions now?
By all means! But don't go around making unsubstantiated assertions.  How was that an assertion? I said an I quote: --- What about the layer of coal surounding earth? ---  Is there a layer of coal surounding the earth or not? I mean I know not every inch of the earth but I didn't mean to imply that. How did this coal get there? I am actually genuienly curious because I've heard a lot of different things about it. I'm not even sure what was funny about that question....
We mortals cannot think as God. We cannot fathom the workings of God's consciousness. We make mistakes when we try to interpret "what God thinks."  It is easy for me to understand that just because a happening was predicted, does not mean it was caused by the predictor.  Just because God knew long ago what you would be doing does not mean that God caused you to do it. You have free will. God just knows in every case how you will exercise that free will.  And how do you know that in light of your first paragraph?
anyway, creation and other differing concepts of the origin of the universe will always be in opposition, simply because they are differing. you cannot accept that God created the world in 6 days and at the same time accept that the world exploded into being over a 15 billion year period   But that is creationISM, many christians accept the concept that God created the world through natural means and therefore His work can be studied through natural methods (science).
To get back to the original question posed, I'm not sure why it does have to be creation vs evolution however I don't even think that creation vs evolution is really debated about that often. Usually it is a matter of religion vs science and in that case there can only be one correct answer.
First let me state I'm a staunch believer in creationism. But everyone here seems to call the Theory of Evolution "science". But its not scientifically proven and can never be proven, nor can Creationism. Both are accepted by belief alone. To be scientifically proven something has to be able to be re-created for testing purposes. So since we can't re-create the supposed "Big Bang" or the 7-days of creation, neither can be scientifically proven nor scientifically excepted (even though scientists do take sides based on evidence they find).   Sorry, the theory of evolution is indeed science! Nothing in science is ever "proven", but the preponderance of evidence overwhelmingly supports the theory of evolution. So no, the TOE is certainly not supported by belief alone. Evolution is routinely recreated in labs and observed in the wild. Your claim that we can't recreate the big bang has nothing to do with evolution. And your claim that science must be able to recreate something in order to call it a theory is absolutely wrong. We can't recreate a planet orbitting a sun, yet the heliocentric theory is pretty well accepted. All science requires is evidence, not the ability to recreate an event in the lab.  But I must side with creationism. First, because I'm a Christian. Second becuase of all the evidence supporting it. Let's consider the Second Law of Thermodynamics. It is one of the most universally excepted laws of science. In fact, many other scientifically proven facts use this law as a basis. It says that things will deteriorate as they go along, unless acted upon by an outside force. But the Theory of Evolution firmly dictates that evolution is a positive process. If the Theory of Evolution is completely accurate, then this denies the accuracy of one of the foundations of science   This is not what the Second law of Thermodynbamics says, you are demonstratably wrong. Evolution does not violate the 2LOT. If the 2LOT prevented evolution, it would also prevent reproduction, you know, much less complex sperm and egg cells evolving into much more complex organisms, simple seeds growing into much more complex trees and plants.....But that's not what the 2LOT is about. This is a tired old arguement that was refuted decades ago, please try to keep up with modern science.  ( Note - Evolution is not actually a Theory by the text book definition but it is commonly accepted to refer to it as a Theory. )   The theory of evolution is a scientific theory, which is different from the everyday usage of the word. Here's a good definition of what science means when it uses the word "theory": From here:ScientificTheory   "Theories are central to scientific thinking.  Theories are overarching explanations that make sense of some aspect of nature, are based on evidence, allow scientists to make valid predictions, and have been tested in many ways. Theories are supported, modified, or replaced as new evidence appears. Theories give scientists frameworks within which to work. Major theories of science, such as the cell theory, gravitational theory, evolutionary theory, and particle theory, are all big ideas within which scientists test specific hypotheses.  The scientific definition of "theory" should not be confused with the way the term is commonly used to mean a guess or a hunch. In science, a theory means much more and is far more well-founded. The "Theory of Evolution" is an evidence-based, internally consistent, well-tested explanation of how the history of life proceeded on Earth-not a hunch. Understanding the role of theory in science is essential to scientists and vital to the informed citizen."   Please learn what theory really means in science!  About the question as to why it is Creationism vs. Evolutionism. Simply put, b/c they are mostly complete opposites. If you are a Christian (all inclusive, Catholic, Baptist, anything) you cannot possibly believe both and be a practicing Christian.   And yet, millions of Christians do just that! They accept the theory of evolution and are practicing Christians. So it is only in your rather limited opinion that that they can't do both.  Vsaiyan, you make a number of errors in this post, you can't expect to debate if you don't know what you're talking about.......
or maybe we're Aliens
Oh, and let me apologize, you're right, Evolution is a theory. Note, a theory is described by Webster as a "speculation".   Wrong, you still don't understand that a scientific theory is quite different from the common usage of the word. The theory of evolution is much much more than a 'speculation'. If you don't understand science, you can't effectively debate it's merits. You obviously don't understand science!  This is a common example of microevolution?changes in size, shape, and color?or minor genetic alterations. It is not macroevolution?the upward progression in complexity from bacteria to man.   Just as you don't know what a scientific theory is, you don't know what macroevolution is either. Macroevolution is described as a change at or above the species level, we have seen new species emerge, so therefore, we have seen macroevolution. The changes your talking about wouldn't be apparent in our lifetimes because they take so long. But the fossil record gives us clear examples of macroevolution, we have a great many clearly transitional fossils, like Archaeopteryx, Acanthostega, ext.... These are examples of macroevolutionary changes, what is your explaination for them?  Then we have organisms that are clearly transitional that are still living today, the platypus and the lung fish are 2 excellent examples. Evolution explains them, what is the creationists explaination for them? I mean, the platypus has both mammal characteristics and reptilian characteristics, evolution is the best explaination, and as far as science goes, the only explaination.  The theory of evolution conflicts with this scientific law by claiming that life came from nonliving matter through natural processes.   You're 3 for 3, you don't know anything about the theory of evolution either! Evolution says nothing about how life first arose, that's abiogenesis. It doesn't matter where the first life came from, naturally arose, carried here by a meteor, magic skyman poofed it into existance, once it was here, it evolved.  Spontaneous generation (the emergence of life from nonliving matter) has never been observed. All observations have shown that life comes only from life. This has been observed so consistently it is called the law of biogenesis. The theory of evolution conflicts with this scientific law by claiming that life came from nonliving matter through natural processes.   Nope, there is no law of biogenesis that says life can't come from non life. Creationists like to pretend this is true, but it's not. Louis Pasteur never disproved spontaneous generation from dead organic matter, but he nver conducted any experiments on abiogenesis. And of course this has nothing to do with evolution.  Mendel?s laws of genetics and their modern-day refinements explain almost all physical variations observed in living things. Mendel discovered that genes are merely reshuffled from one generation to another.   Nope, your wrong again! Mendel did not say genes are merely reshuffled from generation to generation! Once again, Learn what your talking about!  A logical consequence of Mendel?s laws is that there are limits to such variation. Breeding experiments and common observationsc have also confirmed these boundaries. While Mendel?s laws give a theoretical explanation why variations are limited, broad experimental verification also exists.   Give us any of these "experiments" that confirm these limits, I say you're lieing once again to protect your silly myths.....  For example, if evolution happened, organisms (such as bacteria) that quickly produce the most offspring, should have the most variations and mutations. Natural selection would then select the more favorable changes, allowing organisms with those traits to survive, reproduce, and pass on their beneficial genes. Therefore, organisms that have allegedly evolved the most should have short reproduction cycles and many offspring.   Depends entirely on which niche the organism evolved to live in. Organisms that have evolved the most should have short reproductive cycles??? This doesn't make sense......And bacteria today is just as evolved as humans, again, you have no concept of what evolution really is!  Organisms that occupy the most diverse environments in the greatest numbers for the longest times should also, according to evolution, have the greatest potential for evolving new features and species. Microbes falsify this prediction as well. Their numbers per species are astronomical, and they are dispersed throughout practically all the world?s environments. Nevertheless, the number of microbial species are relatively few. New features apparently don?t evolve.   What?!?!! Like most of this post, this is just goobldygook. The number of microbe species are astronomical, nevertheless the number of microbial species are relatively few????? Well, what is it, are they astronomical or few?? And of course new features evolve, thats the whole premise of antibiotics, and bacteria has evolved to inhabit every niche on the planet, from the hottest deep sea hydrovents to the coldests glaciers of antartica. Ever hear of nylon eating bacteria? Your whole statement about new features apparently note evolving is disproven by reality. Why you yourself have 50-100 mutations in your genetic makeup.  While natural selection sometimes explains the survival of the fittest, it does not explain the origin of the fittest. Natural selection prevents major evolutionary changes. Mutations are the only known means by which new genetic material becomes available for evolution. Rarely, if ever, is a mutation beneficial to an organism in its natural environment. Almost all observable mutations are harmful;   And here we see you don't understand natural selection and mutation! How does natural selection prevent evolution??? Mutations are not almost all harmful, they are mostly neutral. As I said the average human has 50-100 neutral mutations. It is the environment the mutation expresses itself in that determines if it is harmful, neutral or beneficial. Now if a group of animals was split off from the parent group and a random mutation allowed them to exploit a new food source that was plentiful in the new environment, natural selection would favor those that had the mutation and those who couldn't exploit the new food source would die off, evolution in action. Again, how does natural selection prevent evolution????   There is no reason to believe that mutations or any natural process could ever produce any new organs?especially those as complex as the eye, the ear, or the brain.   Another example of creationists being willfully ignorant. Since we see all levels of eyes in nature, from simple eye spots to the complex eyes of hawks and all degrees in between, it IS reasonable to theorize that mutations can account for the evolution of the eye (or heart or brain, ect...)  All species appear fully developed, not partially developed.   Yes, but what about species that are clearly transitional as well as being fully developed, like the platypus or the lung fish?  There are no examples of half-developed feathers, eyes, skin, tubes (arteries, veins, intestines, etc.), or any of thousands of other vital organs   Another lie! There are millions of examples of just this! Do some research!!!!  There is no direct evidence that any major group of animals or plants arose from any other major group.    What about Archaeopteryx, what aboput the therapsid reptiles? what about the fossils for horse evolution? What about the fossils for primate evolution??? You are demonstratably wrong!  Is that enough proof? If not I've got much much more.   Actually, you've given us no evidence at all! You merely regurgitate the same creationists arguements that have been disproven for decades. From all your inaccuracies (and you didn't get one thing right in your entire post!), you really know nothing about evolution, biology, astronomy, cosmology and science in general. Do your self a favor, do a little research!
Some people choose to put their trust in man, others, God. There are no test results, human obsevations, or theorys that will stand up to the Word of God.  From what I have been reading, when the word "day" is used in Genesis, it means a literal 24 hr. day. Now, the only possible questionable part of Genesis would be from 1:1- 1:4. I think this is where the "Old-Earth" Christians differ from the "New-Earth" Christians.  I don't claim to have all the right answers, only the right source.  Sandy  I have a hard time logically linking Genesis' "day" to a 24 hour period that didn't exist prior to the creation of the Heavens and Earth. After all, a literal "day" required a sun and Earth first. Maybe it's an Epoch "day" ?
 Ok, I'm outside the box. How do you know anything you see is real? Do you know how your eyes work? Unless you're also going to ignore the important work in biology done in this area, you'd know that light entering your eyes hits your retina and the rods and cones in your eyes and is translated into an image by your brain. That light that enters your eyes comes from some object or thing that the light bounced off of, and depending on what the object is, your brain would interpret what you see based on that light (this is why no human can see a black hole - light can't escape its gravity). So, taking what we've learned, if a star is 20 light years away, and a light year is a distance that light travels in a year, the light would take 20 years to reach earth. In this way, the light entering our eyes from that star would be some image from 20 years ago. And if we assume stars are actual light years away (unless your views correspond to the Ptolemian model which has earth in the center and the sun, moon, and stars fixed in crystal spheres) Adam of the Genesis story would not be able to see that star for 1 year - 2days (assuming that Man was created on the 6th day and the stars were created on the 4th). No one can see something that is too far for light to travel in that short amount of time (and if you reject this as well, you've just lost all of physics). And as far as carbon and other radioactive dating methods are concerned this http://geology.wr.usgs.gov/docs/usgsnps/gtime/ageofearth.pdf should be able to detail how the scientists who work for our government have narrowed the age of the earth to approx. 4.54 billion years. I'm afraid that you are the one in the tiny box, ignoring blantant truths that you cast asside as God-hating Science. If you feel that you are the next Aristotle who assumed that just by using assumptions that he could rationalize the world. Well guess what, all of his theories on how the world worked were wrong, and unless you actually have some real-life evidence of how your adopted theory works, then you have about as much ground as he does to talk about anything related to our world (by the way, the Church made Aristotle's theories their own for about 1000 years). If you could stop repeating Christian rhetoric and make a logical argument with specific examples from our world, then maybe we can get somewhere.  Let me play Devil's Advocate here for a second, if you will. If you believe in Creationism as it is literally written in the Book of Genesis, then you would a priori believe that normal laws of physices don't apply. For example, God created the universe from nothing. If you hold physics to apply in all cases, then this is the first impossibility. Matter can't be reated or destroyed under normal means. Even if God could convert energy into matter, there would have to be something present before God started so that he could convert some to matter. Again, if He started from nothing, it would be physically impossible.  Until one can reconcile the supposition that God doesn't follow the known laws of physics, any discussion about the speed of light pales by comparison.  If you are a Creationist that believes "the Old Earth View", then you don't take the Biblical creation to mean literally 6 days and it's easier to reconcile scientific evidence with the Bible. Here's a summary of the differing viewpoints: http://www.evidenceofgod.com/answers/creation4.htm
.........  I put proofs in qotes becuase those who the reticent to leave the comfort of literal doctrine may find it impossible to see these and others as proofs, regardless. There is hope. For those, such as my self, who see evolution as an elegant and dynamic process interconnecting life, the proofs are obvious.  Have you ever seen the probability equation that represents the chances that all life was created through random interactions between molecules? I'll see if I can dig it up for you if you're interested.
I'm curious what you think a probability equation (which is also pure guesswork) will do for any case about the origins of life.  - An infinite number of potentional conscious life forms exist. You roll your dice, you pick one out of an infinite number and grant it life.  It springs into being, and then ponders the question of it's existince. It does a quick calculation and determines that it's odds for existence are 1/infinity, and then concludes....what....that it doesn't exist? This line of reasoning has only one outcome. It can give us some undersanding of the rarity of life, nothing more. The only time you can figure out odds is of you're a sentient life form, and the fact that you are one, has no impact on that probability. Life had to start somewhere, right? That first lifeform had to occur because a collection of random matter combined in a particular way to form something that we could call alive. If I gave you all of the required chemicals and weeded out those that would either interfere with needed reactions or were totally unrelated, what is the probability that you could find the proper combination and doing so, bring the inanimate mass to life?  Really, roll a six sided die and get a "6" four times in a row. What's the chance that you'll get another "6"? Yeah, it has nothing to do with the results, it's the same calculation every time.  -Mach  Actually the odds of any given roll are the same but the odds of rolling 5 sixes in a row are considerably less. Translation: Even if you ccould come up with the right combination ONCE, could you repeat it many times? emoticon_xdonno
Yes, you could repeat it many times. Just the percent of it happening would be low.
Yes, you could repeat it many times. Just the percent of it happening would be low.  The magic ingredient in the evolutionists' model is time and chance, but it seems to take more faith to believe in chance than it does to have faith in the creative power of God. Nobel prize winner and discoverer of DNA's double helix structure, biochemist Francis Crick, concedes: "An honest man, armed with all the knowledge available to us now, could only state that in some sense, the origin of life appears at the moment to be almost a miracle, so many are the conditions which would have to have been satisfied to get it going." Francis Crick, Life Itself (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1981), p. 88.
Crick was an atheist, don't confuse the language of being in awe of the complexity of the universe with religion.  http://www.positiveatheism.org/india/s1990a01.htm  From link: Crick: "I have no doubt, as will emerge later, that this loss of faith in Christian religion and my growing attachment to science have played a dominant part in my scientific career not so much on a day-to-day basis but in the choice of what I have considered interesting and important. I realized early on that it is detailed scientific knowledge which makes certain religious beliefs untenable. A knowledge of the true age of the earth and of the fossil record makes it impossible for any balanced intellect to believe in the literal truth of every part of the Bible in the way that fundamentalists do. And if some of the Bible is manifestly wrong, why should any of the rest of it be accepted automatically? A belief, at the time it was formulated, may not only have appealed to the imagination but also fit well with all that was than known. It can nevertheless be made to appear ridiculous because of facts uncovered later by science. What could be more foolish than to base one's entire view of life on ideas that, however plausible at that time, now appear to be quite erroneous? And what would be more important then to find our true place in the universe by removing one by one these unfortunate vestiges of earlier beliefs? Yet it is clear that some mysteries have still to be explained scientifically. While these remain unexplained, they can serve as an easy refuge for religious superstition. It seemed to me of the first importance to identify these unexplained areas of knowledge and to work toward their scientific understanding whether such explanations would turn out to confirm existing beliefs or to refute them."  I don't believe that I ever said that Crick had any particular religious beliefs. I merely quoted him on a comment that HE MADE on the origin of life. Einstein made an interesting statement about creation. "I want to know how God created this world. I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thoughts; the rest are details."
JPSartre12  Before you get too excited about Einstein's pronouncements about God, you should also be aware that he stated that his god was Spinoza's god. I'll leave it to you to look into that matter, but I'll give you a hint that it doesn't look good for fundamentalist christians trying to use his quotes. You have to remember that Einstein wasn't a Christian. He was a Jew.  I understand very well Einstein's belief in what God was. I've read several biographies as well as his Princeton lectures on relativity. When asked about creation, Einstein once quipped that he didn't believe that God "rolled dice". I'd say that doesn't make him a strict evolutionist. :) For example, Einstein wrote: "I defend the Good God against the idea of a continuous game of dice."  And "The scientist's religious feeling takes the form of a rapturous amazement at the harmony of natural law, which reveals an intelligence of such superiority that, compared with it, all the systematic thinking and acting of human beings is an utterly insignificant reflection. "
 Many forget that Satan was a good guy for a very long time during the Perfect Period of Genesis 1:1.     Note that precious stones are rewards for good works (1Cor. 3:12-14), and Satan had plenty of time to receive all of them. However, those days would come to an abrupt end. "You were blameless in your ways from the day you were created until unrighteousness was found in you." Ezek. 28:15. That started the Satanic rebellion that caused the 'darkness' of Genesis 1:2.    Satan was a good guy going about doing God's works for eons and got paid a box of rocks for his labors? I see. No wonder he rebelled, I would too.
Just a general question. Why does 7th-arty show up with "banned" under the name? Are we now subject to censorship by those who disagree with evolution?  Or is there some other reason?  He was warned for name calling. He then accused me of secretly being astronomy fan and deleting post to promote creationism. He was banned at that point.
OK, thanks, all three of you. Now, the claims of confusion are not appropriate, as the facts provided certainly were accurate.  But I can respect the issue of forum rules. Now, one concern I have had before (particularly on the Delphi forums) is that crack-downs are partially based on the politics and opinion of the poster vs the moderators. I just wanted to be sure that this is not what was happening here. Because I have certainly here seen name-calling by creationists that were NOT acted on.  I hope you can all appreciate my concern here? Because the apparent reason for the banning is what creationists have gotten away with without being banned.  Please use the report post feature anytime someone is being offensive. the goal is to keep it friendly.
He was warned for name calling. He then accused me of secretly being astronomy fan and deleting post to promote creationism. He was banned at that point.  It is unfortunate that 7th was banned. Although he could be mildly offensive, he was very educated in his field and gave very informative answers.
Hank, Happy Easter Sandy  Thank you Sandy, Happy Easter to you.
It is unfortunate that 7th was banned. Although he could be mildly offensive, he was very educated in his field and gave very informative answers.  If he promised to keep it friendly and informative I would give him a second chance.
So what does "informative" mean? Are non-informative posts also wrong? (Just want to know per the forum report buttons). As for 7th Arty being informative, I don't think you EVER had a reason to worry. He provided lots or relevant and substantiated material, absolutely high-class in the informative area.   He likely got tired of being misrepresented and deceived by the opposing side, though. I know that I certainly have. Now, I don't know how intense the policing is here, but when somebody asks for evidence and then ignores it when provided, what IS the appropriate action? Call them on their deception, reporting the post as uninformative, or what? Some guidelines would be nice, as the "ignore and switch" certainly is the certain death to any serious discussion.  You can be informative but not friendly and that will get you banned. Debating can be frustrating, that's why I have to keep warning and banning people. If someone doesn't see it your way or doesn't seem to debate the way you want them to, then ignore them. If they are offensive then report them.
That's fair enough. Now, that didn't address my point, though. IS a deliberate violation of acceptable debating a reportable offence, as it violates the requirement of having informative posts?  Again, in the example, if A claims that there is no evidence for event-X, and B provides such evidence, then when A comes right back and repeats his claim, then we certainly suffers posts that are un-informative of anything but A's dishonesty. Is that reportable? Is there a requirement to follow rules of evidence and so on?  No its not reportable. Just because something is convincing to you does not make it convincing to everyone. But most people will see who is most convincing. Sometimes you just have to move on to someone else.
That's what I figured. So "informative" is a rather subjective term :)  There should be at least an attempt at being informative.
Hello all :)  I just want to bring up the point about technologies developed by the Nazi's that we used after the war, despite any human cost that been involved in their development/manufacture.  For example the V2(A-4) program employed large numbers of forced labourers in the construction of production facilities (Mittelwerk) and the assembly of the missiles themselves. Tens of thousands of the slave workers died in the course of the undertaking, under brutal conditions.  At the end of the war the site was captured by the US Army. Besides large numbers of technical personnel (including the well known Werner Von Braun) along with a number of A-4's (built by the slave labourers) were taken to America and formed the nucleus of their ballistic missile program, and ultimately the NASA space program.  Now, while the labourers were not the subjects of medical experiments like those you have aleady discussed, the program could not have operated without them.  So should the Americans have destroyed all traces of V2 manufacture because of those who died, or were they right to use the technology and materials that came out of an operation with such a high human cost inflicted by the Nazi's who were involved?  A link to a site that discusses the V-2 history:  V-2 Missile Production
I took a look at some of the "intermediate forms" you presented. But my conclusion is that the reason there are such similarities among different species is because they all have the same Creator. God doesn't change. He is the same yesterday today and forever. He created some species and "saw that it was good" (as the Bible says) and decided "hey this works I should try a similar design in these creatures too!" I think that is something that everyone can relate to. It makes sense to try something over and over again if it seems to get the job done.  The problem with your viewpoint is this:  Conclusion -< evidence -< analysis  Whereas to interpret the data without bias requires:  Evidence -< analysis -< conclusion.  Using your rationale, I can fit any observations to any conclusion I care to concoct.  You say "It makes sense to try something over and over again if it seems to get the job done" but that completely ignores the subtlety of the evidence. Despite the fact Ursus maritimus linked you some very good articles on evolution from Palaeos you seem to completely ignore them.  Basically, your position is "I'll look as closely as I can, then I cannot see any transition because I can only look at one fossil at once- I don't want to see the relationships that are evident between a series of fossils, so I'll just look in a way that suits my position".
On the other is a cadre of scientists who say that for now we'll say that the earth is 4.5 billion years old, but 20 years ago, they said something else, and 20 years from now, likely they'll say something else yet again, who even when they look to how man evolved will present mutually exclusive theories based on 'objective evidences'. .  This statement is illuminating, not because of the facts you discuss (incidently the current value for the AoE is a result of 50 years of ongoing research and expermentation) but for the attitude you reveal.  You see the only possible explaination for the origin of the universe and everything within it as being a literal reading of the story in Genesis. You refuse to even entertain any other possibility, be it from another religon, science or belief- the details are irrelevant as all that matters is that your version is absolutely correct.  With regard to science this reveals a certain hypocrisy with such a position. You will argue that science is wrong ad nauesum when it has things to say about the history of the universe, but will not bat an eyelid when related science or related scientific principles are used for other purposes.  Why is this? how come you can pick fault with science in one area- ie. evolution- and not in others? Oh, and please don't try to separate out the sciences involved in evolution, cosmology and earth history as some sort of special, unique area as they are not.  The very thing you site as a problem with science- its flexibility- is its underpinning strength! Off course outlooks can change- but this is in the face of new evidence, experimentation and so forth. If you think this is a bad or undesirable thing you are holding a truely blinkered view of the world we live in.   I find many of the tenents of YE- Creationism astounding, but this one particularly so.
I don't think I said I'm astounded that anyone can hold a belief or opinion with certainty. My outlook is quite to the contary I assure you. I think we have some mis-understanding, so I shall re-phrase.  I find it remarkable how you can so easily cast aside whichever area of science you deem at odds with your world view- evolution as an example that you cite- purely for the fact it is at odds with your truth, as you call it. Bearing this in mind, how can you accept anything any science has to say at all?
montalban, I'm interested in your focus on Adolf Hitler regarding the topic of evolution, survival of the fittest etc..   Now, as you have outlined, as time went on Hitlers non-christain beliefs became more apparent. He was only interested in appeasment of religion for as long as was necessary to achieve power and meet his aims (like with the Concordat with Rome of July 20, 1933) and one can only imagine what might have ultimately happened had he had another 20 years to pursue his ideas.  Hitler also saw Darwinism, or aspects of it, as concepts he could use to support and further his racial beliefs and opinions.  What 'm interested in is this: do you see Hitler as some sort of "product" of evolutionary thought? do you think Hitler would have been different had it not been for his knowledge of evolution?   I also noted your point about the male dominance of science (both in academic and business fields). Well, I think in my country at least that is true, although the balance is shifting now towards a situation of greater equality (as Waxy noted as well).  However, it is a little one sided to point out male dominance of science alone. There is male dominance full stop in most areas of society, particularly where professional or academic qualification is concerned. There are areas of far greater inequality that exist, and the same male bias's you say exist in science will exist just about anywhere, be it City Finance, the Military or the Judiciary.
What about the amount of water the earth holds and how much it would take to flood the earth? actually i have a fuzzy theory on how the water on the earth could actually cover land. most scientist agree that the 7 continents were at one point one single flat super-continent (gondowaland, i think). after the continent sections drifted apart, only then did the himalayas and other major mountain ranges and ocean gorges formed. so it could have been possible that all land mass could have been covered by a heavy enough global rain shower, at least until it all drained off.   however, scientists argue that this supercontinent existed millions of years before noah, so yall can scrap that idea...  unless the scientists were wrong and the continental split happened quickly, while the earth was under water...  nevermind... like i said, a fuzzy theory
this should be a poll. fact or fiction?
In Christ,  Kent Hovind    Did this tag line catch anyone else's eye?  Waxy
Actually not. He is responding to your remarks in post #34. And no, it wasn't a direct quote from Dawkins.
Montalban wrote: However, of more import, remember Mach said that it is I who doesn't make sense - not Dawkins. Here is an opportunity for him and you to distance yourself from Dawkin's hateful words. You know what 'hateful' is?  Well, I'm aware of the meaning of the word hateful, but I'm interested to hear what your implication is in this instance as I do not see the word as being appropriate.
Proof is a matter of math and booze.  Priceless. emoticon_xhoho
Psychology in and of itself is a "true" science since it uses the scientific method.  A lot of the time the practice of psychology is largely pseudo-scientific.   .
Is that based on the science known as Maths?  Isn't that based on the maths-like theory of logic?  Yes, that's the point he was trying to make.  Btw- "logic" is not a theory, to my knowledge.   .
Uranium is very dense, much denser than iron or nickel.  Maybe we don't see so much uranium because its all at the cores of rocky planets? And yeah, tidal forces from gravity "stir the pot" so to speak.  If a mass of uranium existed within the earth's inner core driving a gigantic nuclear reactor (perhaps producing more nuclear fuel than it consumes - like a breeder reactor), the question arises, how did it get there ? I'm not sure that density is a significant factor in "migrating" the uranium through the inner core where gravity is virtually zero.
Iron on the surface of the earth is rarely in its elemntal form. It's usually in oxides or sulfides. Then why would there be so much iron at the core? Heat up Iron oxides in the presence of something that can take the oxygen away (hydrogen<water, silicon<sand, a more oxophilic metal, like uranium) and you get iron metal. Same thing could happen to urnanium (if there were a more abundant, more oxophilic metal).    Yes, that's the one reason to discount the uranium hypothesis. Also, the calculated mass of the earth would be totally different.    The gravity is zero only at the very center of a perfect sphere. The earth is not a perfect sphere, nor would all the uranium be at the direct center of the earth. The reason iron and nickel would be down there is because they are denser than the silicious minerals found in the mantle. Also, the stuff in the mantle (mostly basalt and other siliceous minerals) has lots of oxides in it, making it less dense than the core.  The mantle is heated by radioactive decay of U, Th, and K. One reason to believe that U is more in the mantle than in the core is that U likes oxygen more than iron or nickel. Put U, O, and Fe in a bunch of heat and (with a deficiency of O) you'll get uranium oxides and iron metal. The iron metal would sink out because it is more dense.  http://www.geokem.com/homogen.html  And here is a really nice explanation: http://hps.org/publicinformation/ate/q4106.html  Another good one (with a link to the original source's website): http://geology.about.com/library/weekly/aa072102a.htm  Yes, I understand how a process of gravitational condensation in the primitive mass of the earth would result in higher density materials (iron/nickel) sinking and being compressed at the core, while the lighter silicate minerals flowed up to form the mantle/crust etc. Compounds of iron would be abundant as the heating of the very ancient earth proceeded - plentiful enough to account for the mass at the inner core perhaps ? But uranium is a rare element and I wondered if (in the uranium reactor hypothesis) enough of the stuff could be available during the process of accretion, to "crystallize" out, sink to the center, and make the major contribution to the radioactive decay/compression that produces very high temperatures at the core of the planet ? I think something on these lines was being suggested at the beginning of this thread.  PS. I'll follow your links and learn more: my earth science "knowledge" is little better than feeble memories now: but I'm still interested.
Creationists get asked questions and they refuse to answer them. This means they have lost the debate. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Iff God created man in his own image and i look like God is God in a lot of trouble???
http://www.leaderu.com/theology/burialcave.html Easyrider -- That site mentions an archaeologist named P. Bagatti. I'm not aware of an archaeologist by that name. I suspect the author may have meant to say "B. Bagatti," as in Father (or Padre) Bellarmino Bagatti (Professor, Studium Biblicum Franciscanum at Flagellation, Jerusalem). (See this link)
Hi, Captruss.    I have a idea. How about reading all of the 217 posts below in the atheist vs. creationist thread , and see if you can come up with a definitive answer on your own, as to why people believe one way or the other ? After you have read all of those, I believe you may change your research subject :) If you base your research paper on statistics which MAY or MAY not, prove why a person believes in creation or evolution based on their marital status,age, geographical location, educational level, hmmmm, by the time the paper is done, you may be on social security pension (if there still is one in 2050) before its ready to be turned in to the professor . good luck on your paper :)
He can't deny it.   He sounds rather stiff-necked.
Well I don't know about any of you, but in the time zone I'm in (EST) we've got at most another 3 hours to wait. Unless the proof isn't coming.
I'm just tingling in anticipation! Today is the day. It's Tuesday and HeavenBound has promised to post the "proof" that radiocarbon dating is not reliable. I'm sure that this will turn the science of archaeology on its ear, especially Biblical archaeology that has placed a lot of credence in the dating of finds in Near East. As stated in the Library of Congress Exhitit on the Dead Sea Scrolls, "Within a fairly short time after their discovery, historical, paleographic, and linguistic evidence, as well as carbon-14 dating, established that the scrolls and the Qumran ruin dated from the third century B.C.E. to 68 C.E." Radiocarbon dating has recently been used to verify that the dates of the Hitite civilization as per the Bible are correct, and not some 200 years later as previously believed. Just think, HeavenBound's "proof" will make nonsense of so much Biblical scholarship that it will be a disaster for all western religions.  But I look forward to the "proof." This is a paradigm shifting revelation that will also upset most of science. This "proof" will upset nuclear physics by showing that the technology is based on error (will it cause the closing of all nuclear reactors?). It will upset geology and paleontology by showing that all dates are unreliable. It will also upset astrophysics by showing that the detection of radioactive elements in heavenly bodies that are light years away (eg., cobalt-56 and cobalt-57 in SN1987A at 170,000 light years) are wrong. In effect, the dating of the universe, the earth, and human civilization will be thrown into termoil. A whole new era of science is about to dawn and I look forward to it.  So let us all hope that HeavenBound was not just trolling. She wouldn't actually promise something and then not deliver, would she? Sometimes it seems that she in just a bit incoherent. For example, here are some of her remarks from other threads.  Well! I guess that just showed you guys. It seems that HeavenBound thinks that having a closed mind is a bad thing. And yet,  What? How is that an example of an open mind. It seems that a closed mind is a virtue only in a non-religionist. Isn't the above statement the equivalent of a declaration of a closed mind?  Now I'm confused. In the same breath HeavenBound tells us that she accepts and rejects the science of evolutionary biology. I wonder if giving evolutionary biology a fair chance is like giving gravity a fair chance, or the heliocentric theory, or maybe the germ theory of disease? Did she give all of those a "fair chance" too? How about nuclear physics? And yet, as I mentioned above, HeavenBound has rejected most of science apparently, because she is going to offer "proof" that falsifies cosmology, astronomy, astrophysics, nuclear physics (or, as our President says, "nucular physics"), anthropology, paleontology, geology, and biology.  So it seems that HeavenBound is a theistic evolutionist, believing that evolution is just God's method of creation. Her opinions seem contradictory to me.  If we are talking about ideas that work by means of logic, why does HeavenBound think that it is wrong to use logic? Why is it better to address logical topics with ideas based on mythology, spiritualism, and superstition? I haven't ever seen a peer reviewed paper that described how verification for a hypothesis was sought in the Bible, but it seems that HeavenBound finds that idea logical.  Actually, you haven't understood much of what has been discussed here, have you. Scientists are quite sure that evolution is 100% absolute. It is quite simple. Evolution has been observed. There is no question whatsoever. Changes in populations of organisms that meet the definition of biological evolution have been observed and are observed all the time. Strains of drosophila used for genetic studies have speciated several times so that many of them are no longer able to interbreed. This is in spite of the fact that they are all derived from a single population. The original strain was domesticated in California. Recent experiments have shown that the laboratory strains can't interbreed with the original population any more either. That is evolution. There is no doubt. The DNA of Drosophila has been sequenced and studied and differences that prevent interfertility have been identified. That is evolution. That is 100% sure. What isn't sure is whether the theories that explain these facts are correct. For most of the fundamental theories we are about 99% sure. Some of the newer work is less secure. New theories on the frontiers of knowledge are still being tested and amended.  But of course, it is evolutionists who have closed minds and not religionists.  Where appropriate, I do. Unfortunately for you, there is no room in science for "POOF, GODDIDIT!" as an explanation of the causes for observed natural events. Recourse to a miracle is giving up on learning. It is a declaration that we can't learn by the application of a logical method of study, the scientific method, to natural events that are observed in the natural universe. It is a declaration that mythology, spiritualism, and superstition is more reliable than logic. It is a declaration that a closed mind is the best way to learn.  Oh, yeah. HeavenBound. This post is mocking. I thought I would tell you that since you seem to have a great deal of determining when you are being mocked and when someone is trying to educate you. It seems that you respond to mocking better than you respond to education, since you haven't bothered to educate yourself about science to this point.  Looking forward to the evidence. Don't disappoint. And remember, anything from AIG, ICR, and Mr. Hovind isn't proof unless you can explain and verify any assertions. In other words, you will need to be able to show why your "proof" is a better explanation for the data than science - Occam's razor you know. Why is it that some of you choose to antagonise members of this board that have a Christian belief system and believe something else occurred instead of sciences evolution theory? Much of Christianity is faith based, meaning we don't have hard core 'proof' of creationism. Some of you are a bit hard on posters in here that don't share your opinion on evolution (as this belittling attempt at a post suggest).  I would suggest in the future that some of you tone down your mocking of fellow posters. Its not respectful and does not add one iota to good debate.
Yea, but noble. Let her go Jaaaman. Do I need to remind you that you've taken a few hard licks with no one to step in for you? This is debate forum and everything comes out in the wash.  I admire your gallantry, but it is her cow...let her milk it. (makes for strong bones and teeth - know what I mean?) Lol :) Ok.
So basically if everything you have said is true HeavenBound, then you found an article and all you understood about it was that it disproved radiometric dating. You didn't understand anything else about it, but you knew the article disproved it. You then couldn't find it. You should know the gist of it since you should have read it. I can understand if you misplaced it, but you should know the reason radiometric dating is false if this really disproves radiometric dating, but I doubt it.
Tingle, tingle, tingle.
But what do we do when one side desires to convert the other?  easy kill those who would not submit
The first lesson in philosophy class was there is no "true" philosophy. community college?
You are making a fallacious argument in insinuating that because a lesson was taught in community college, it is not right.   actually i am insinuating that you attended community college did not get the lesson right  there is no first lesson in philosophy and no truth i deny even your independent existence beyond my own hallucinogenic fabrication
Beowulf Lee, don't take it too hard. Fracas has a way of using personal insults as his primary reason why someone is wrong. Check his other threads if you don;'t believe me.  not really duo boy i use your own fallacious argument to demonstrate how fallacious both your relativist belief is and you are.  its ridicule. look it up.   beowulf without truth in philosophy there is no existence  thus as far as i know, you are as fictious as God and i believe in neither
Huh? That didn't make alot of sense there. Besides, you just used the fallacy of changing the direction. :) It's nice to see you using more fraud that I can freely point out.  so you don't get the sense of it but declare it fallacious anyway. ha ha ha ha.  i've addressed both yours and beowulf concerns try to keep up
The first lesson in philosophy class was there is no "true" philosophy.  dude perhaps i was too quick with you as post #16 and #27 were both reasonable. so i'll elaborate. i am a big fan of community college as their mission is to educate those who would not otherwise be exposed to things. in many ways they are much better than elite universities elevating trivia as science. post #20 quoted abovehowever is not worthy the first lesson in philosophy is what philosophy is and is not.  as to my postings. there are several ways to counter an argument. the simplest is to post counter argument. but it is also possible to counter an argument with the way you post. for example, in post #16 you talk about people believing in an imaginary relationship with superficial entities. superficially this may make sense, but you did cast aspersion on the faithfuls, suggesting that religious faith is somehow false by using the word "imaginary". i responded in post #29 i applied your reasoning not to God but to you. I have no more proof in your existence than others have in God. As you have no way to prove my existence. Even if we meet in person this will not change, whether you subscribe to the ideation of the waking dream or more recently popularlized as the Matrix. Note though that even this does not disprove anything as Berkely (sp) suggested that reality, all that we perceive are words of God. For example, when you hear the word "home" an image comes to mind internally. The word of God is perceived externally. An interesting analysis. Thus i highlighted the crux of your argument as i perceived them to be and applied it against you. which to me demonstrate a certain flaw in the reasoning, as well as to suggest that the inability to prove does not mean the inexistence of X, whether it be God, you, me, or "true" philosophy.  i'd also caution you from adopting the use of "fallacious" as others here are wont to do, because it usually connote only a superficial analysis of what is posted and an overly quick dismissal, and from that you get nothing in gained knowledge or understanding.  if you can appreciate this, then we can continue. otherwise i'll treat you as i treat Duo_boy.
Ok... so from what I can interperet, you are saying that since there is no way to "prove" our existence, and since there is no way to "prove" God's existence, God is real as we are, which is not neccesarily true.  not quite its more i can't prove your existence as i can't prove god's existence and i can't disprove your existence anymore than i can disprove god's existence the conclusion is that empiricism neither prove nor disprove god's existence  Also to note, scientists do not "prove" things in science. Scientists design experiments which are repeated numerous amounts of times, yielding results that suggest something, in accordance with their orginal ideas. Metaphysics is a messy subject, so when determining whether something is existing or not, the usual method is with Ocaam's Razor. The simplest solution is the right one. If you can percieve with your senses, then it exists.  science discover existing laws yet unknown prior suggesting their existence prior to them being perceived  note also the Ocaam's Razor is at best a rule of the system thus may not ne wholey accurate in describing the system in which it exists
Ok, I think we have reached an agreement. The idea of the existence of God can neither be "proven" or "disproven". To me, this means that God might as well not exist. Maybe to you, it "proves" his existence to some degree. actually i am an agnostic i think it foolish hubris to declare god does not exist. and even absurd to adopt it as science or humanistic faith  The use of Ocaam's Razor is for the assumption that if we can see it, hear it, touch it, smell it, taste it, detect directly or indirectly, it exists. If we do not use this assumption, then any hypothesis can be "disproven" by the "fact" that anything could not exist. However, there is always a possibilty that it actually doesn't. Science is not all black and white. There will always be data that casts doubt on the hypothesis, and vice versa, but, when considering if the hypothesis is "true" or not, then we see if the data that supports the hypothesis outweighs the data that does not. actually those are the perceived senses. and perception is fraught with error. and good science is not about the majority of the data supports the hypothesis or not. good science is about uniformity of replication, accross time and space.  It would be more accurate to say that people recognise existing patterns in the universe and then express their conclusions as laws. In this way, the laws are not in existence until they are expressed - just the patterns that they describe. so was the earth actually flat at one point? at least until it was proven round?
it really isn't about what makes my day just pointing out error of superficial reasoning predicated on hubris and internal contradictions unaddressed  perception is a reasonable starting point, but insufficient to proclaim the one and end of tools to determine metaphysics  standards can vary from scientific field to field but the popular is 5% Standard Deviation
Please state your reasoning in a logical flow, why my reasoning is based on contradictions. In accordance with the second quote, please state the reasoning for your opinion in thinking declaring God does not exist is foolish, and how it points out my superficial reasoning and internal contradictions. i've already have in previous posts  You know metaphysics isn't actually a science right? Assuming that this has anything to do with what you were talking about before, using metaphysics to justify God's existence does not make God any more real then he had been before. metaphysics is not a science at all and you are correct not to use metaphysic to prove the existence of god but it would be incorrect to use empirics to disprove the existence of god
Edit: Alright, I think I got it. This whole argument was started my my use of the word "imaginary". By the dictionary definition, the relationship really is imaginary. They have never percieved God physically in any way, other than in the imagination, therefore imaginary. You argued that metaphysically, we are imaginary too. However, that does not strengthen or weaken my saying that God is imaginary, because people being imaginary does not make God more real, or more imaginary.  Then for some reason, we got into an argument about existence and how existence is determined in science and other unrelated stuff.   I don't feel like talking about this anymore, so lets reach an agreement:  God can not be proven or disproven.  People are free to choose how they want to live.  Ok?  by stating something is imaginary you are stating it does not exist that is where the argument about existence enters and you employed empiricism as the basis for existential analysis   i've no disagreement otherwise
Main Entry: imaginary  Pronunciation: i-'ma-j&-"ner-E Function: adjective 1 a : existing only in imagination : lacking factual reality b : formed or characterized imaginatively or arbitrarily <his canvases, chiefly imaginary, somber landscapes -- Current Biography< 2 : containing or relating to the imaginary unit <imaginary roots< and ... Main Entry: 1faith  Pronunciation: 'fAth Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural faiths /'fAths, sometimes 'fA[th]z/ Etymology: Middle English feith, from Old French feid, foi, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust -- more at BIDE 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust 3 : something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially : a system of religious beliefs  Nonsense  A common definition of imaginary is not based on fact. A common defintion of faith is not based on fact.   I do find it a bit unusual to use these word interchangably and say "god is imaginary" instead of saying "god is a matter of faith not fact it cannot be proven true or false"but I would not use it as an excuse to patronise people.   i find it even more interesting that you think the two are in anyway interchangeable  imaginary is a descriptive of quality, and pertains to non-existence. "Imaginary" is an adjective. faith is an emotive ideation/belief. "Faith" is a noun. when has an adjective been even equivalent to a noun?  "God is imaginary" has no validity. as i've already posted. while "God is a matter of faith not fact [and] cannot be [factually] proven true or false" is true. the two are not interchangeable at all. in fact the second statement invalidates the first.
There is no evidence that God is not imaginary. Shove that up your pipe and smoke it. i bet you inhale and swallow don't you. You are correct that not have used the word interchangable. I deleted in my previous post to meet your approval. I agree that you should only say things like six and "half a dozen" are interchangable.    As for the definitions I suggest people merely google search  defintion "not based on fact" imaginary  and then google search definition faith "not based on fact". i think editing a post after it has already been responded to is poor form actually. as for definitions i've already posted them i do think it is worth being precise because on a debate forum all we have are words to base our arguments on
Why? I said that I was wrong and someone reading this thread will see I was wrong about interchangable and you were right.  this was in response to Trebor. sorry if you took it as directed to you.  some of the definitions you quote support your arguments and others do not. I agree ones you have picked are the most common and most appropriate but I did attempt to convey this idea in my first post directed at you. I honestly don't see how anything you have said disproves the main theme of anyones posts. I actually agree when you force people use the most appropriate defintions but why not just ask nicely. not sure what you are driving at but 1. i have not forced anyone toward any definition. i respond to the words posted. some posters, such as yourself, are honest and correct themselves; others do not and thus must continue to defend an ever more preposterous position. but i don't see my self as beating anyone about it. sorry if you took it that way but none of my post to you have been belligerent or caustic, not even flippant. they are short, as most of my posts tend to be. 2. the main theme i've posted against was the faulty reasoning that because something, whether it be God or each other, cannot be proven to exist does not lead to the conclusion that it is imaginary. the fault may not be in the existence but our inability to prove.
there is a big difference between "imagining something" and declaring "something is imaginary"
Let's put it this way. How is it not imaginary? as in Main Entry: imaginary  Pronunciation: i-'ma-j&-"ner-E Function: adjective 1 a : existing only in imagination : lacking factual reality b : formed or characterized imaginatively or arbitrarily <his canvases, chiefly imaginary, somber landscapes -- Current Biography< 2 : containing or relating to the imaginary unit <imaginary roots< in the example you gave" If you went to some tribe in Africa, and described God to them, they can only imagine what God looks like, feels like, etc., Their relationship with God is therefore imaginary. God still exist.  as God still exist in your examle, God is not imaginary. btw, faith is not imaginary. Main Entry: 1faith  Pronunciation: 'fAth Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural faiths /'fAths, sometimes 'fA[th]z/ Etymology: Middle English feith, from Old French feid, foi, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust -- more at BIDE 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust 3 : something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially : a system of religious beliefs synonym see BELIEF - in faith : without doubt or question : VERILY
So far, God has only been existing in the imagination, and God does lack facts to prove his existence.  Backing up to the analogy, the toilet was only a figment of the tribe's imagination. Toilets still exist, but to them it was only imaginary.  Something can exist, and be imaginary at the same time, relative to the people you are talking about.  so far the absence of proof does not mean the absence of existence  the toilet exist beyond their imagination; may be God exist beyond your imagination  something can exist, and be imagined, but it does not make it imaginary
The toilet might have existed, the toilet might not have, as with God. However, the toilet did exist only in their imaginations, as does God. But, until they see the toilet that exists beyond their imaginations, and until we see the God that is beyond our imaginations, they will remain imaginary. but you left the toilet at home! it exist factually in your universe! you tell them it is real, it exist, and it works. they say you are high, a liar, ignorant, primitive, illogical.
Yes you are right, but relative to them, the toilet did exist only in their imaginations. but their's is not the whole world for them to deny the toilet does not exist because they haven't seen it makes them primitive
It doesn't matter if they are primitive. To them the toilet is imaginary. Argument settled. i've never said otherwise. but to them being imaginary does not mean it does not exist. they say the toilet is imaginary.  you say God is imaginary. they just haven't seen the toilet. you just haven't seen God. tell me the difference between the two? you and them. tell me why the toilet exist but God does not? because you are the arbitrator of God's existence? they are wrong because the toilet does exist. are you wrong because God does exist?  C_S_C i'm trolling? LOL you haven't posted anything worthwhile and i'm trolling cute you can do better can't you? or not.  well, this was your best post this thread *head explodes*
Imaginary does not yield does not exist. the Merriam Webster would say otherwise Main Entry: imaginary  Pronunciation: i-'ma-j&-"ner-E Function: adjective 1 a : existing only in imagination : lacking factual reality b : formed or characterized imaginatively or arbitrarily <his canvases, chiefly imaginary, somber landscapes -- Current Biography< 2 : containing or relating to the imaginary unit <imaginary roots< or  imaginary adjective  describes something that is created by and exists only in the mind; that is not real:
.......... Let's try a different approach. Tell me something that is imaginary.  C_s_c's wit. ;) sorry, but i've shown you the obvious errors. you can just admit that it was a poor word choice to use, that your reasoning flawed, or the dictionaries wrong.
Well, show me evidence that god is not imaginary.   You have not demonstrated that god still exists. Show me objective evidence God exists. tinman setting up a strawman
Before 2100, teleportation was an imaginary concept to people. After 2100, teleportation became a concept of reality.  End.  Before 2100, people could only imagine teleporting around, therefore teleporting was imaginary. However, it was still possible to teleport before 2100, but people haven't figured it out yet how to do it.  The concept of imaginary is not static, it is dynamic, things that were once imaginary can become reality.  the Necrontyrs have been using teleportation for thousands of years already. they come and tell you about it. you don't believe it and tell them its just an imaginary concept in 2005. they tell you its real. you still say not. they get ******. they use it for their invasion of earth.  2005 BC the round earth was just an imagination. or was it?  yes, imagination is a dynamic process, and what was once imaginary can become real. and this i have no problem with and actually support my argument. this is the weakness of perception/empiricism as applied to metaphysics. because perception/awarness/imagination can be wrong. otherwise when we "discover" something, we are actually creating it de novo. it may seem reasonable to say that we created teleportation in 2100 but does it make sense to say the Norsemen created north america?  when you declare something is imaginary, you are in fact stating it only exist in the mind and not in factual existence. as per the definitions. thus if God speak to you tomorrow, you know your statement that God is imaginary was false the day you spoke it.  existence is not contingent on observation
So, until God speaks to me, I am not wrong.  or that you are already wrong and not know it yet.
Innocent, until proven guilty. ignorance is not a valid defense in the court of law.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I don't understand. Could you elaborate, please?
Faith is hope? How about this instead.  Hope is hope.  There, we already have a word for hope, thank you though :)    Faith IS easy. I have faith that a green martian is sitting on my head.  Now, testing that as true or false, THAT'S the hard part!    There's another common saying that resembles that.  -Mach come on, mach, he never said faith is hope.
 If you look around at various classification sites, you may see several versions of this. The names haven't been decided formally, but the several versions are all attempts to group the taxonomy according to actual relationships.  Do you have any links to recently updated sites that you'd recommend?
google ape taxonomy.  Googling ape taxonomy gives 26,600 hits. That's why I asked you for recomendations. You seem to have already done some research, and presumably have already seperated the wheat from the chaff.
 In fact I believe that Einstein was a Christian (of what faith, I cannot recall),   Nope, Jewish. That's why he left Germany and came to America.
He might have been Jewish by race but not religion - he believed in God but it wasn't the traditional Abrahamic God.
I guess I have to respect your opinion...correction.. I dont have to, I choose to. I have spent a good chunk of my life as a Christian missionary..Grenada, Guyana, Peru..I saw horrible things. I learned to have friends of all religious types..That will have more of a benefit on life then to fight. After seeing such horrble things, I totally rebelled... I was f*cking chicks down there on my off time and getting drunk...never even telling them why I was really there in their country...they wouldnt have believed me if I told them. I tell you this in friendship...this is my way of starting over..so you can see were I am comming from...and BOY am i leaving out some stuff...trust me.  That is the attitude I want to have with you all..I hope I can learn point of views..as well as to teach what I have learned when away. Possible?  ;)  Wow, you really have started over.  You used a * and everything!   :)  Just kidding.
I believe you can talk to some representative of Hovinid on AOL instant message, by the screen name DrDino. I don't know the schedule though, so go check on his site if you're interested.  Edit: Well, its 6:49 EST, and he's on. Edit 2: Oops, its Dr Dino Live.
Yea Close_slave_can honestly if you're looking for answers I would even go so far as to invest in Dr. Hovind's DvD collection, only like a $100, but it gives you the full side of the creationist perspective, there are 7 DvDs with like over 20 hours worth of studies and stuff.....I found it really interesting....that would be your best bet.....
Who owns this clone account do you think?
probably peddler. He's failed to even prove he understands the basics of evolution, we've seen Tomharrybill do the same thing when he was taking fire for his ignorance.
The virus was exposed to modern drugs, and the strains that were most able to resist them survived. The result is a strain of virus which is much hardier than the original strain. Evolution in action. This has been absolutely established, and if you knew enough genetics you could read the papers and see the proof for yourself. Since you are lacking in genetics knowledge you'll have to take my word for it; the AIDS virus, in response to the drugs that its been exposed to, has evolved into a hardier virus. It is genetically quite different from the virus of just a couple of decades ago.  Do you claim this happened by mutation? If so, what sort of mutation?
thanks you very much. This bertrand russell sounds extremley well "educated"! pmplmao!
hey, I'm just curious, does anybody believe in both? I do, i was just wondering if I was the only one.  See, the way i look at it, we have some pretty good evidence that evolution happened, depending on how you define the word. If you mean we evolved out of slime, there is no proof of that. But what about evolving from something like neanderthals? I mean, we've been able to trace back the evolutionary chain of dogs, cats, horses, reptiles, insects, etc etc. Not evolving from nothing, but evolving out of something.  I do believe in god, or what I guess you could call god. I think life was placed on this planet. But is it not possible, even probably, that god placed lifeforms here designed to evolve? It kinda makes sense, ya know? It's a survival mechanism, an extremely lengthy and much more complex process than when a fox's fur turns color depending on the time of year, but it's the same basic thing.  To me, I think evolution is the proof of creation and god, not the antithesis.
there are 2 types though. vertebrates and invertebrates.   No, all fish, amphibians and reptiles, not to mention birds and mammals, are vertabrates.  now that still doesnt expalin how i have similarities with fish and amphibians and reptiles!   Sure it does, you, like fish, amphibians and reptiles have a spinal column. You all have the same identifiable bones. You all have living endoskeletons. The salinity of all vertebrate blood is the same. All vertebrates have brains. All vertebrate eyes are aquatic eyes.  There you go, a couple of characteristics of vertebrates!
 We must question all of it. Me must treat all of it as myth until it can be independantly verified by an objective third party. And why must we? You seem to be assuming that having a fantasy religion is less desirable than not having one. In a Darwinistic sense, it appears best to believe whatever your probable mates believe, especially if it is be fruitful and multiply. Darwin actually insists that people be stupid, and be so stupid as to not be convinced through argument (sex, of course, is another matter). Therefore, just enjoy the irony.
 PS: I just saw something typical on TV that made me chuckle. I was watching one of the amazing video shows and a man in the navy, while on an aircraft carrier, was walking by a jet about to launch. He got sucked into the engine ... OUCH! His whole body was taken in and he was messed up pretty good, but didn't die because his helmet got lodged in the blades and temporarily stopped the blades and another crew member immediately signalled for the pilot to shut down the jet. So this guy, when interviewed, says that God must have been looking out for him. WHAT? So God let this guy get sucked into a jet engine ... that's looking out for a person? Tell you what, God, please don't do me any favors!!!!  Isn't that more an example of how people can look at situations from an optimistic or pessimistic viewpoint?  I think our turbine-ingested deck crewman was an optimist and despite his dreadful accident still looked at it from a positive perspective: someone saw him get sucked in and was able to get the pilot to switch of the jet and save his life. The fact that he said God was looking out for him just shows that he is religious- if it had been myself I would have said I was lucky to have crewmates who reacted quickly and in the right way to save my life.
ok saying God was greater than him was a term of repsect dumbbutt. yes they are healed and yes they arent healed.its God's decision. if youre humble sure hell bless you. but it also says honor your father and mother so your days will be long on the earth.  You're in for a visit from the banhammer :)
There are things that man cannot know, but somehow has a need to know, so they make something up or jump on a preexisting bandwagon fueled by faith - believing in something that cannot be proved. The Christian, Jewish and Muslim religions all have one God, a general practitioner, to call on for all things. The Greeks, Aztecs and others had many Gods, specialists, for every thing from war to wine, whose favors could be had for the appropriate sacrifice, such as a goat or a virgin (this would be a difficult thing today since our supply of virgins is at an all time low). In studying today's main religions, I have reached the conclusion that if all professed believers would actually practice what they preach, we would have a better world. Dono i'm agree with you, religions at large preach good things to follow up, is on my view men themselves (and in special the politicians) who are in charge to break and even bring those good things down, so if regretabily this world goes so wrong are not precisely the religions which should be responsibles for that.
I`m new to debating, but I think that that is an example of 'killing a straw man'.   What I was ultimately trying to do was make everyone happy (not possible I know) by refering to the universe and everything in it as God. I thought that this would be grounds for religion and science to agree on, I was obviously wrong. Hey dude good motto eh!, really did Einstein say that?
Not only is the Bible junk, itself helping disprove it's own God, but prayer also fails.  Well I don't believe in God but I always thought that the main thing about prayer was for comfort and calming. Say a loved one just died, and you pray to God to make it all right. A believer would feel better because it is something that seems above your power to control and submitting to a higher power to control it for you is comforting. The reason I don't pray is that I wouldn't be comforted by it anyway because I don't believe it's true.
I'm wondering why someone who lost his faith in no small part to this forum, would then turn around and hack at others faith to try to ridicule and knock their own faith from them?  I'm wondering what hurt you so much that you became that disillusioned and disappointed w/ God?   I have been wondering about my response to your other post, but this seems to keep coming to the forefront as important.  When I read your posts I don't hear the words of someone that seems no more than a tool as some of the others, I hear someone who is pained by this entire thing.  Maybe I'm wrong. But it still begs the question, how did you go from saving to destroying?  Ask yourself what the difference between saving and attacking is and you will find your answer.
Yeah, I haven't seen much substance from Nidder1 either: basically, he just makes a bunch of accusations of wrongdoing on the part of those that don't agree with him ... and gripes endlessly. Perhaps he has something to gripe about. If terran et al are so superior, then they wouldn't be giving him gripe material by poisoning his well, defining his position, using ad hominem circumstantial, telling him to read junk, etc. It is not his responsibility to read any links. This is a debate forum. He's not debating the author of the links.   Face it: "As a Canadian, I'm embarassed by Nidder1" serves no purpose except to discredit Nidder1. If it were idle chitchat it might have just as easily been "I had toast for breakfast", but it wasn't that or anything like that.   If terran et al want Nidder1 to defend something, then for losh sakes they should quote him. He has no burden to support anything he has no claim to.
Jeeze! Toby.  You and Nidder need to get off of the meaningless "poisoning the well" claptrap. If you have a problem with something that someone else posts, then address the issue.  That's precisely what indicating that well poisoning is occurring does. It is meaningless to you, therefore you will keep poisoning wells and complaining about when somebody objects.  Explain why they are wrong. Offer empirical evidence or cite peer reviewed literature. Explain what you mean by "poisoning the well", explain why it is bad, and explain the alternative, supported by evidence.  You evidently have come into this unprepared. Poisoning the well isn't wrong in the sense you seem to mean. If you had wanted to ask what poisoning the well was, why didn't you? You say that it is meaningless and then proceed to wonder what it is. If Nidder1 claims that his well is being poisoned, he can be challenged on this issue. Quote him and challenge him to explain.  You seem to have a fixation of a single buzz-phrase. It really doesn't seem to matter how the discussion goes, your answer is about poisoning the well.  It does seem that way, doesn't it? Well poisoning is endemic on these forums.    It is an indication of someone who is quite new to any sort of discussion and is learning from a book. Please move on to the next chapter. Please try to think for yourself and to respond with meaningful discussion rather than meaningless buzz-words.  This is quite humorous. You are attempting to poison my well.
FWIW, I stopped responding to either toby or Nidder some weeks ago. Any critique of their position, no matter how finely focused on their argument, is dismissed as either an ad hominem attack (Nidder) or 'well poisoning' (toby).  Any critique? I suppose we should consider the critiques in the "I don't see how creation can compete with evolution", which is where you last critiqued my argument on this forum. I didn't complain to you about well poisoning in your critiques, nor in trebor's, nor in jaxian's, nor in thebootfitter's, nor in Winston Smith's, nor in sinjin's, nor in pandion's initial critiques (even though he said I was being called childish). It appears that I replied 17 times before mentioning poisoning the well. Any critique? Surely, this is a vast over statement. Please provide a quote where I claim well poisoning that is not preceded by a personal slight.  When they demand supporting evidence for your views, and you provide it, they refuse to read it and call it 'junk'.  Please provide a quote where I ask for supporting evidence and when provided, refuse to read it and call it junk. You are absolutely making this stuff up.  Neither has a good understanding of basic science - viz  Nidder's apparent belief that the freezing of water is synonymous with snowflake formation.  That's some logic you've got there. I don't have a good understanding of basic science, and you use as evidence Nidder's apparent belief. Please provide a logical demonstration that I don't have a good understanding of basic science. Could it be you're making more assumptions?   There is nothing to be gained by debating these people. In fact, any attempt to do so is futile: they have no grasp of the concept.  That's a hot one. Please demonstrate that I have no grasp of the concept of debate.
The fixation on "well poisoning" indicates a pretty weak mind in the first place.  Gosh! Am I poisoning the well?   I'm also guilty of "poisoning toby's well" on several occasions: he even complains that I've poisoned other people's wells. I had no idea so many wells are still in existence in America: I assumed you had mains water by now.
I can understand people "turning to god" if they have a spiritual nature, however I assume it is very rare for people to get convinced that evolution is blasphemy. It is one of those things you have to be told it from birth. Does anyone personally know anyone that decided later in life that evolution was blasphemy? Dr. Mark Eastman would be a great example. I have personally known more than I can count . Unless you believe in evolution because you want to you won't . The evidence makes more sense logically from a Creationist viewpoint. Both are matters of faith. To believe that there is no logic in seeing the evidence that way is saying Darwin , Crick and Gould were not logical. They choose to believe in evolution but they all saw the overwhelming evidence for design. Read Darwin sometime .  I don't believe in God and Jesus Christ the Kinsman Reddemer of Adam because of the opinion of science although the greatest scientist in history were Christians. You created your god to fit with the personal beliefs of atheists interpretation of evidence. Why ?
How do you assign greatness to scientists in an objective manner? It seems highly subjective...
Hmm... while this statement may be true, I'd like to see you support it. The Greatest Scientist in History was Sir Issac Newton. The most important member of the human race other than Jesus Christ was Louis Pasteur. Enough said.
What exactly do these people say that makes you think that they originally did not think evolution was blasphemy but now they do. I googled eastman and he supports creation but that ultimately does not prove or disprove he used to hink evolution was blasphemy. He used to believe evolution was true. I think what we have here is failure to communicate.
Huh?? Did I create a god? When? Yes you did, your very own god that fits what you wish to believe. It is not the God of Abraham,Issac and Jacob. He believed Moses was a real person and Genesis was history .   Mat 8:4 And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.  Mat 17:3 And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.  Mat 17:4 Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.  Mat 19:7 They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?  Mat 19:8 He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.  Mat 22:24 Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.  Mat 23:2 Saying, The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat Mar 1:44 And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.  Mar 7:10 For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:  Mar 9:4 And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus.  Mar 9:5 And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.  Mar 10:2 And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.  Mar 10:3 And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?  Mar 10:4 And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away.  Mar 10:5 And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept.   Mar 12:26 And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush God spake unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?   Yes the God of the Bible did not see Moses as a mythical science fiction writer as you do.  Why do you consider yourself a Christian if you consider Jesus Christ a liar and a fool?  You may notice I have not used the Old Testement at all here. You have to dismiss the entire Bible out of hand to believe in evolution.  It is a conscious choice you make every day.
To answer the very first question posed , I can say for me, yes! I was raised strict southern baptist and it was just unthinkable to claim .. " we came from monkeyes " ...  Now this caused a learning problem for me as I came to believe what I was told ...  The theory of evolution says we came from apes The theory of evolution says we came from fish The theory of evolution says God doesn't exsist...  The list goes on and on. Yet the whole time I don't think any of the christian adults around me, or my parents, took the time to read about it without bias.  I myself had serious doubts from a very young age about the story of creation. And then I heard through only them or, others like them, about evolution.  From their interpitation of it .. Evolution seemed even more far fetched than the creation story that I had doubts about already. This left me with no other idea or explanation as to how it all happened!! For a long time I didn't know what to think. ... I believed neither one of them.  But this isn't a sad tale. We moved , Igot in to Jr high then high school and some of the misconceptions of evolution have been cleared up. I understand now... It's only a theroy. this at least allows us the possibilty to make changes to it if needed. If you reread the post you will see the question is did anyone who use to believe in evolution later decide it way blasphemus.
i like this. lets assume that both are mattes of faith, in that there is the unknown element in both cases (which there is). the only thing left is which fits reality best  the evidence that supports creation is a book written by some middle-east religiously biased men about 4000 years ago. nothing in this book can be replicated or observed, and they defy observable reality  the evidence that supprts the theory of evolution is the observed reality that dna mutates, species that adapt to their environment survive, fossils exist, several aging mechanisms date the planet in the billions of years, and life forms in the millions, and so on.   so, do we believe our own eyes, or what a very very old dtory tells us we should believe. thats what it really comes down to, all other things being equal There are a few slight problems with that theory. First of all the evidence fits perfectly with that book you speak of. If predicts that all creatures came about suddenly and completely formed. This is all we have ever observed. The earliest creatures -according to your theories dating- had incredibly formed eyes etc. and no ancestors among the fossils It also predicts that animals will produce the same kind of animals , this is all that has ever in the history of the world been observed. +It predicts the heavens will show a perfect order and can be used for signs and for seasons and for days and for years. That is all that has ever been observed in the history of the world. It predicts that recorded human history will be less that 10k years. That is what we observe. It predicts that man has always been intelligent and ancient language and buildings confirm this. It predicts that billions of fossils will be found in rock laid down by water all over the world, this we have observed. It predicts there will be pathways in the sea, this is so. It predicts that the heating of the air will create wind and this is so. It predicts that the sea is the source of rain and it is so. It predicted 800 years in advance that the Messiah the King would ride in to erusalem on a donkey to the exact day . That He would be crucified and his side pierced with a spear and cry out My God , My God why has thou forsaken me ?and it was so. It was predicted the ones who crucified him would cast lots for his garments and they did. That three days later He would rise from the dead and He did.  That DNA mutates does not prove anything other that it mutates. It is almost always harrmul or fatal and has never been observed to change one kind of an animal into another.  That the species that adapt to their environment survive and those that don't die is a self evident truth not evidence. About as intellectually stimulating as saying most things who fail to survive die.  Fossils exist. Now that is a brilliant statement. Why not say , water exist , or sand is?   All dating methods are based on circular logic. If the date agrees with the theory it is correct , if not it must be contaminated. It is based on an assumtion of the quantity of some radioactive substance in a material at some time in the past and how much has decayed when compared to the rate of decay gives us a date. Fortunately we already knew the earth was very old or evolution could not have occured. We know how old fossils are because of the rocks they are in and how old the rocks are by the fossils in the rocks. If the 2 are in the wrong place then we know there was an overthrust which is basically a miracle from God which is allowed because evolution needs it.  Life forms in the millions so therefore it must has started out as a random bunch of chemicals that created itself on a planet that created itself and evolved into the millions we see now. Another brilliant deduction. You are on a roll. Believe our eyes. Oh you must mean all those times you are walking down the beach and trip all over the lobe finned fish coming on shore for the first time. Or the thousands of times we have seen a lizard with half a wing or a beaver giving birth to an armadillo. Yes , seeing is believing. You present a brilliant argument. How could anyone argue with your brand of logic? That would be senseless.
So all the creatures you see today came about suddenly and fully formed? And you observed this? If this happened, the only one who couldobserve it is God.  That is what the fossils show.   Most cambrian fossils don't have eyes. And there are pre-cambrian fossils. Many did ans very complex ones at that. There are a few fossils attributed to pre-cambrian sediments , none that explain the diversity, not even close.   No, you said that all creatures appear suddenly and fully formed. That is true never has any one found a single so called transistional that a solid case could be built on. It your theory was true they would be the norm. Statis is the norm. That fits creation perfectly not evolution.  "The several difficulties here discussed, namely-that, though we find in our geological formations many links between the species which now exist and which formerly existed, we do not find infinitely numerous fine transitional forms closely joining them all together;-the sudden manner in which several groups of species first appear in our European formations;- the almost entire absence, as at present known, of formations rich in fossils beneath the Cambrian strata,-are all undoubtedly of the most serious nature. We see this in the fact that the most eminent palaeontologists, namely, Cuvier, Agassiz, Barrande, Pictet, Falconer, E. Forbes, etc., and all our greatest geologists, as Lyell, Murchison, Sedgwick, etc., have unanimously, often vehemently, maintained the immutability of species. (Darwin, Charles R. [English naturalist and co-founder of the modern theory of evolution], "The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection," [1872], Everyman's Library, J.M. Dent & Sons: London, 6th Edition, 1928, reprint, p.318)     Ok, if 356.24... days per year is perfect order then anything can be perfect, eh?  What signs are you talking about? Omens? Astrology now?   Verse? or passage? Where does it say this?   So do 25,000 year old cave paintings.  Gen 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:   It says not one word about fossils. And there are plenty of fossils that have nothing to do with being "laid down by water". Some were buried in tar pits or trapped in amber, etc...  ???????????????? Overwhelmingly they are. If you study the way the fossils are situated at Rancho La Brea it makes perfect sense they were killed in a watery catastrophe . It makes no sense they could have just walked in to the tar.    Now here is where you'll have to show some verses and then wait to be laughed out of here.  Nowhere in the old testament is there any reliable prophecy that predicts the nature or timing of Jesus. Really .  "The voice of one crying in the wilderness: "Prepare the way of the LORD; Make straight in the desert a highway for our God. (NKJV)." Isaiah 40:3   "In those days John the Baptist came preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying, 'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand!' For this is he who was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah, saying: 'The voice of one crying in the wilderness: Prepare the way of the LORD . . . (NKJV).'" Matt. 3:1-3      John the Baptist came before Jesus Christ and let people know that He was coming. What a fascinating period of history. This prediction was given by the prophet Isaiah, 740-680 B.C. History tell us that John the Baptist did in fact come preaching repentance and baptism.    "But you, Bethlehem Ephrathah, though you are small among the clans of Judah, out of you will come . . . one who will be ruler over Israel, whose origins are from of old, from ancient times (NIV)." Micah 5:2   " After Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judea, during the time of King Herod . . . (NIV)" Matt. 2:1      Micah, 735 - 710 B.C., tells us that the Christ or Messiah will be born in Bethlehem. It is recognized by all that Jesus was indeed born in Bethlehem.  Therefore the Lord Himself will give you a sign: Behold, the virgin shall conceive and bear a Son, and shall call His name Immanuel (NKJV)." Isaiah 7:14   "Joseph, son of David, do not be afraid to take to you Mary your wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Spirit. And she will bring forth a Son, and you shall call His name JESUS, for He will save His people from their sins . . . His name [is] Immanuel (NKJV)" Matt. 1:20-23.    "This is what the LORD says: "A voice is heard in Ramah, mourning and great weeping, Rachel weeping for her children and refusing to be comforted, because her children are no more (NIV)." Jer. 31:15   "When Herod realized that he had been outwitted by the Magi, he was furious, and he gave orders to kill all the boys in Bethlehem and its vicinity who were two years old and under . . .then the [prophecy] was fulfilled (NIV)." Matt. 2:16-4:1      Through the prophet Jeremiah, 627 - 580 B.C., God indicated that some of Israel's children would be killed at the coming of the Messiah.    "When Israel was a child, I loved him, And out of Egypt I called My son." Hosea 11:1   "Now when they had departed, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream, saying, "Arise, take the young Child and His mother, flee to Egypt, and stay there until I bring you word; for Herod will seek the young Child to destroy Him. When he arose, he took the young Child and His mother by night and departed for Egypt, and was there until the death of Herod, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying, "Out of Egypt I called My Son." (NKJV).'" Matt. 2:13-15      This prophecy was given by the prophet Hosea around 750 B.C. This amazing prophecy says that Messiah would come from Egypt. Jesus had to be born into the family of David, born of a virgin, born in Bethlehem, children would die and Jesus come out of Egypt. The prophet must have wondered why Messiah would come out of Egypt. This did not fit the concept the Jews had about Messiah. This is God's plan and these are God's prophecies.      "They divide my garments among them, and for my clothing they cast lots (NKJV)." Ps. 22:18   "Then they crucified Him, and divided His garments, casting lots, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet: "They divided My garments among them, And for My clothing they cast lots (NKJV)." Matt. 27:35     After the soldiers crucified Jesus (nailed Him to the cross), they gambled for Jesus' clothes. Little did they know they were fulfilling a 1000 years old prophecy. The prediction was provided by God through King David.  "I will pour on the house of David and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem the Spirit of grace and supplication; then they will look on Me whom they pierced (NKJV)." Zech. 12:10   "But one of the soldiers pierced His side with a spear, and immediately blood and water came out.  For these things [occurred] that the Scripture should be fulfilled . . . "They shall look on Him whom they pierced (NKJV)." John 19:34-37     Another isolated event predicted in 520-512 B.C. In A.D. 33, some soldier thrust his spear into the side of Jesus to make sure that He would die before 6 pm that evening. Little did he realize that Jesus was already dead (John 19:30) and that he was fulfilling a 480 year old prophecy from Zechariah.   "Even my own familiar friend in whom I trusted, who ate my bread, has lifted up His heel against me (NKJV)." Ps. 41:9   "Judas Iscariot . . . betrayed Him." Matt. 10:4  "that the scripture might be fulfilled, 'He who eats My bread has lifted up his heel against Me (NKJV)." John 13:21-28     This prediction was recorded by King David, 1020 - 970 B.C. It refers to the Messiah's betrayal by His friends. Judas is well known as the one who agreed to help the Romans capture Jesus at a cost of 30 pieces of silver. Peter was another who betrayed Jesus three times.   "See, your king comes to you, righteous and having salvation, gentle and riding on a donkey, on a colt, the foal of a donkey (NIV)." Zech 9:9     "And the disciples . . . brought the donkey and the colt, and laid on them garments, on which he sat. And most of the multitude spread their garments in the road, and others were cutting branches from the trees and spreading them in the road (NIV)." Matt. 21:6-8     Zechariah, 480 - 470 B.C., stated that Messiah, the king, would come riding on a donkey. Donkeys were sometimes ridden in times of peace (Judges 5:10) but stallions were normally used by kings. This is unexpected by those looking for a military Messiah.     If you want more just ask.     For starters, I'd like to direct you to a thread on another board that spells it all out. http://www.evcforum.net/cgi-bin/dm.cgi?action=msg&f=1&t=332&m=1 http://www.evcforum.net/cgi-bin/dm.cgi?action=msg&f=1&t=334&m=1  That link is really lame. It discredits almost all the predictions on the grounds Jesus did not directly mention them. I am not impressed. Try reading the book yourself instead of thinking what your told to think.   Almost but not quite all? It has been observed to change one kind of plant into another. Really, did it take long? ROFL. Did they turn grass into a tree or maybe rice into a tomato? Got pics?   Yeah, evidence for natural selection is so routine it has become boring.   Yup, lifeforms in the millions.  Way too many to fit on a boat.Natural selection has what to do with millions of life forms? Oh, now I remember, that turns cats into dogs, I forget sometimes.
Newton may or may not have been the "Greatest Scientist", but calling him a Christian is a large stretch.  Isaac Newton, heretic Interesting link. I just got a ways into the heretic so I cannot comment too strongly on it. However what I have read so far indicates he was a heritic to the Catholics which would describe me as well. I know Newton had some strange ideas but he absolutley believed the world was created by God , not time and chance. Thanks for the link I will study it.
Thus my wanting to question God. I am strongly pro gay rights. The Bible seems to be pretty strongly anti gay. Not anti gay rapists, just anti gay. If all I knew was that the BIble was "true", then in my estimation that would make God homophobic, which is to say immoral. If you have an omnipotent immoral being hanging around I could see it having a definite negative effect on ones ability to stick to ones morals. On the other hand, if your interpretation is correct then there isn't a problem. But there would be no way to know that unless God submitted to an interview. There are christian faiths that allow there followers to be homosexual. And can you please provide some passages that say that God does not allow homosexuallity.
No. I'm not going down that road here. Take it to religion or gay rights. Nothing against you, but it's just so off topic. Just to make it clear, I'm not gay. Not that theres anything wrong with being gay. I'm sure that if I were a chick, I'd be a lesbian.
It might make me really like god or absolutely hate him.  To create all that fake evidence for evolution either shows a prankster attitude an order of magnitude greater than anything seen so far (makes me like him, a god with a sense of humour would be a very good thing), or it would indicate a real *******. Mayabe the reason that God doesnt reveal himself is so that we deep down dont really know for sure, and therefore choose our own path? Mayabe this is a test to find out who is good, and who is bad?
Mayabe the reason that God doesnt reveal himself is so that we deep down dont really know for sure, and therefore choose our own path? Mayabe this is a test to find out who is good, and who is bad?  Alright I'll accept that. But if God therefore lets us choose our path, God is not omniscent, and the divine plan is therefore subject to the decisions of mere mortals. But that inherently contridicts the orthodox God.
That is illogical. You seem to be suggesting that all who choose one path are good and all that choose the other are bad. The only way that can apply is if you apply the circular logic of declaring that all who choose path A are good. It doesn't test who is good and bad, it tests who will follow which path. If all that a person wants to do in life is make others fail and feel bad about themselves to make yourself look and feel more sucessfull, then would you be a person who would fit in in a good environment? Or would someone who went through life trying to help others suceed and feel better about themselves enjoy an atmosphere of goodness more? Im thinkin the ******* would be better placed in with people who have the same agenda as him/her.
why would making the good option more apparent mean the choice still doesnt exist? if god were to walk around claiming he was god and doing godly things, do you think there wouldnt be a huge portion of the world that would still choose to reject him? if that were the case, then there should be absolutely no christians in the world today. if the choice of sinful or righteous exists (and in many minds it does), then the manifestation of either god or the devil will do very little to change people's freedom of choice. If you absolutely knew 100% for sure that god and the devil existed, then you would be absolutely terrified to do anything for fear that it may be something that will damn you to hell. Not knowing for sure has a lot to do with the freedom of choice that god so kindly gave us.
What I want to know is exactly what kind of candy are we talking about here ? Is it those awful candies that you will only eat if you are dying of starvation or those yummy ones that you will kill for ? MMMmmmm... candy. pmplmao!!!
Alright I'll accept that. But if God therefore lets us choose our path, God is not omniscent, and the divine plan is therefore subject to the decisions of mere mortals. But that inherently contridicts the orthodox God. You are stating that the outcome for mere mortals is dictated by mere mortals. What does this have to do with gods omniscence? This is the definition of free will. God does not controll our every move and I am greatfull to him for that. I just hope that he shows me the right path through life so that when I am at lifes end, I get to go to a place where there are people with good hearts, and not to a place where there are people who wish to make me seem like a lesser person to improve how they are seen.
God is not a necessity to support ethics. Otherwise atheists and agnostics would have no moral compass to guide them and we know this is not the case.   Maybe you have misbehaved all these years and you thought you were a good little girl. Only God knows! I think mayabe even the most hardened athiests are not 100% sure, and this may be where there morality stems from. Or mayabe the laws of there country that they were raised to obey?
You are stating that the outcome for mere mortals is dictated by mere mortals. What does this have to do with gods omniscence?  Everything. If your decisions are your choice, and are not written in the divine plan, God cannot know what you will do, and if it does not know that, it cannot be ominscient.
Everything. If your decisions are your choice, and are not written in the divine plan, God cannot know what you will do, and if it does not know that, it cannot be ominscient. Just because you are free to choose your own destiny, doesnt mean that god doesnt know what the outcome will be.
how do you know that God doesn't control your every move? I dont. And thats what allows me to choose my own destiny. If I want to be a rotten person, then I can do so without knowing 100% for sure that the devil is laughing and god is disappointed with me.
If the outcome of a destiny is known before it is even started, that negates free will Not if you arent the one who knows. Just because he knows the final outcome of what you will do, doesnt mean that he is making you do what you do.
interesting. would you then say that laws against certain behaviors (such as murder and rape) are also restricting free will? i mean, knowing that selling drugs will very likely end you up in jail, yet there are drug dealers all over, and every day they are getting busted. it still doesnt stop those that chose to deal drugs from doing so. so huw much does a known consequence really affect free will? That isnt an absolute. There are lots of drug dealers that never get caught. Although, I dont often see anyone try to dive down to the titanic with a snorkel and fins. Even though there isnt a law against that. But I am just pointing out an absolute consequence, wich in this case would be death.
You missed my point: you may believe you are exercising your free will, but you may not as God may be controlling the way you make decisions. He is controlling my decisions. Stealing is wrong, so I dont steal. Even when my life would be easier if I did. But I have the choice to do so if I want to.
Why? It doesn't matter if you are forced, the matterv is that it is known. I know that the sun is commin up tomorrow. Does that mean that the sun is predestined to do so?
but even in the cases where there is the absolute consequence of death, such as shooting oneself in the head, it does not prevent people from making that choice. people seem to have no problem knowing the inevitable dire consequences of a decision and still making that decision. But they dont know for sure that they are going to not ever be conscious ever again, or if they are going to go to heaven or hell. Thats what I am saying. You have the choice to do whatever you want without knowing for sure what the concequences are. That is what allows for free will. The fact that you dont really know of god is out there, ready to lay the smack down of you **** him off.
in exactly one week away from now, there are virtually infinity possible different things you could be doing at that specific time. this is because there are an infinite number of possble ways and orders an infinite number of possible events could occur between now and that time. also, there are an infinite number of ways you could react to these infinite events, making infinity endings to the event-paths to next week  lets say i can travel into the future one week from now. i am now seeing the things that you will do next week. if the future i am seeing right now is the true future, then you will do nothing but fulfill what i am seeing next week. in order to do exactly what i am seeing you doing next week, a specific sequence of events throughout the entire world must occur in a very specific way and order. these events can do nothing but occur in exactly that way and order so that what i see you doing next week will be fulfilled.  in order to see the future exactly as it will occur, the events that will take place and the reactions that you will make to these events must also be specific to the outcome of next week's future. in other words, the single and specific action that you will be taking next week at this time can only be achieved if the specific path that leads to that specific event is followed. this path consists of the events that you encounter, and the reactions you make to these events. furthermore, nothing but these specific events and specific reactions can occur during this week, otherwise what you will be doing in exactly a week from now will be different to what i saw you doing next week in my time-travel trip  since no events except the specific events leading up to your foreseen actions can occur, and since no reactinos to these events except the specific reactions leading up to what i saw next week can occur, it means that there are no possible options to encounter or react to any other events than those in that specific event-path. there are no options other than those you must follow in order to stay on that event-path, therefore there are no choicesSo to dumb this up, are you saying that as you walk along a trail and the trail splits, and you choose the trail that leads to the left, the trail on the right ceases to exist? Or am I misinterpreting what you are saying? Hey! I think you just discribed a mutant version of schrodingers thought experiment. until something is observed it exists in all possible states. Once observed though, the wave function collapses into a single state. Somebody grab this and run with it!
yes. time cannot be back-tracked. if you take the left path, you cannot at a later time end up where the right path would have taken you  you have to remember, arriving at a certain "time", from a wholistic view, means not only your location, state, action and physicality at that time, but also your mental state. the experiences you have stored in your mind, along with the location, posture, emotion, state and physical composition that you are in at this moment is unique, and only achievable by experiencing exactly what you've experienced throughtout your lifetime, and reacting exactly the way youve reacted to these experiences throughout your life time. every new experience you encounter and reaction you make puts you in a new wholistic state. such a state can be accomplished no other way, and by no other person.Thats not what quantum ambiguity shows.
References for your claim are?? Irwin schroedinger. Wave/particle experiments, Albert Einstein, Steven Hawkins. The quantum computer is based on the fact that a particle can exist in more than one state at the same time. Could this be one thing travelling down two paths at once?
It says that it can be ambigiuos to a point. SHow me where the path can be changed once known The outcome does change once known in the double slit experiment. When a single photon is observed passing through one of the slits, its state collapses to a point particle. If it is not observed, the photon quanta exibits characteristics akin to a wave. This means that until cause and effect are observed, the outcome will be every possible variation. 1 the photon is emitted from the source. 2 the photon passes through the double slit barrier wich either is or is not detecting wich one of the two slits the photon passes through. 3 the photon arrives at the detector as either a particle if it was observed passing through the slit. Or a wave if it was not. This means that as the photon is manifested in the source its state is affected by the observation that will or will not happen in the future at the double slit barrier. This is an example of a future event effecting the past.
i still dont see what this has to do with what i said. the photon cannot at one point be a wave, then manifest the properties of a particle later in its journey. if it passes through the barrier as a wave, it is detected as a wave, if a particle, it is detected as such. there is no back-tracking involved, no rejoining of destination, no known outcome prior to passing the barrier. unless i totally missed what you were saying... You misunderstand the concept. By observing the photon passing through one of the slits, the detector causes the photon to be a particle. If the photon passes through the same experiment only without a detector present it manifests itsself as a wave. The ditector is not linked to the source, and therefore the ditector changes what happens at the source before the photon leaves the ditector. The effect influences the cause, what happens at the destination affects the path.
very well. if this is the case then the detector's presnence must affect the properties of the radiation. even so, what does this have to do with knowing the outcome of something before it happens? my argument is that when a choice is made and a consequent action taken (which is mostly a reaction to something else), it moves the individual forward on an irreversible event-path which results in that individual's present state. if any future state of that individual is known, it means that the event-path needed to get to that state is also predefined and established. simply put, a foreseen future removes free willI disagree with your statement that a forseen future removes free will, unless the future is open to be viewed by everyone. But you may be right, or mayabe the future cannot be seen by even God. I dont know, Ive never been able to test this. But my view is still the same, a forseen future does not remove free will.
With regards to the function of time, the outcome depends upon whether time is linear and uni-dimensional, or not. The concept of alternate dimensions/realities/ parallel universes hints at multi-dimensional timeflow though how that relates to our reality is rather less than clear and opens a whole can of worms regarding what reality actually is. There is some experimental evidence of non-linear time though by its very nature this is extremely bizare. Do you have any links to any of this experimental evidence?
Mainly, the reason is you are incapable of making any other choice. YOu just THINK you have the choice.   For there to be a choice, there has to be the possiblity of multiple outcomes. If there is only one possible outcome (because of 100% foreknowledge), then there is no choice. The uncertainly principle goes out the window, and we all are puppets, dancing to the strings of neccessity. You made the choice, he just happens to know what choice you are going to make in advance. This doesnt mean that he forced you to make that choice. If you were forced to make the choice, then free will would be taken away.
No links as such but if you visit any of the physics groups eg. on Yahoo the material is occasionally discussed. 2 items spring to mind; 1, The observation of sub-atomic particles which are capable of time travel. (I'm not a quantum mechanic so can't really help you on that one) 2, An experiment to show the effect of temporal dilation as predicted by Einstein. Essentially the experiment involved 2 synchronised atomic clocks, one of which was flown around on Concorde, the one from the plane showed that the plane had experienced less time than the clock on the ground.  As we exist in a state of linear time trying to think in terms of non-linear time really messes with your head. Yes, I have heard about the time dialation experiment, and also ran across a theory that if there were one particle that could travel both forward and backwards in time, it could theoretically make up all matter in the universe, cause it could appear everywhere at every moment by popping in and out of every instant at every coordinate. As well, time has no meaning to a photon because it travels at the speed of light. The beginning of the universe and now would be the same thing for the photon.
I volunteer to judge said debate! :)
Science in my opinion is based on "Observable evidence and things that can be proven scientifically" seeing that Creationism is neither of these and we have to base it on a book that could contain bias, false evidence, and other things...I rule that it is NOT scientific although it may be a theory.
That is just sickening. You disgust me
Isn't the expression, "death knell"? What is a death nail?
I agree. How can a god that has shown us no suffician evidence of his existance, expect us to believe in him/her. I do believe in a higher power, but not a "God", not one who judges, or hates, or does whatever. We personify god. People create, and people judge. Not "god". Thats a very compact piece of logic.  I imagine that you are a very efficient individual.
To me, "Theistic evolutionists" is an extreme contradiction. I mean, either you have faith that the Bible is the true word of God or you don't. I don't see how you can pick and choose what you care to believe out of the Bible. How can one believe in the miracle of Jesus' birth and resurrection yet not believe that Adam and Eve were real people? Amen, brother. 'Course, on the other hand, how can you disbelieve one without disbelieving the other? Seems to me you have a perfect symmetry here. I find it a contradiction to somehow believe that God is great enough to create the universe, yet He somehow needed billions of years to do so. Once again, bro, amen. So, what did it need? A trillionth of a microsecond? A trillionth of that? Hang on - what's that you're saying? Six days? SIX DAYS? Sorry, bro, but a god that needs six whole days to complete creation is pretty much as feeble - certainly as time-limited - as one who needs billions of years. Relatively speaking, of course. Any good, red-blooded all-Amurcan god woulda created the universe in an instant. Six days? What're you, some kinda commie atheist or sumpn?
if all the DNA in the human body was stretched out it would circle the moon 6,000 times! To be honest, I think it probably wouldn't. I think it would sort of lie on the lab floor in a huge messy heap, while everyone tried to figure out how to get it back in.
To me, "Theistic evolutionists" is an extreme contradiction. I mean, either you have faith that the Bible is the true word of God or you don't. I don't see how you can pick and choose what you care to believe out of the Bible. How can one believe in the miracle of Jesus' birth and resurrection yet not believe that Adam and Eve were real people? I find it a contradiction to somehow believe that God is great enough to create the universe, yet He somehow needed billions of years to do so. If God is all-powerful, then His words should be all that's needed. To me, the world is proof that God is all-powerful. The beauty and complexity is just staggering. (if all the DNA in the human body was stretched out it would circle the moon 6,000 times!)  http://www.ba-education.demon.co.uk/for/science/dna.html  Your arrogance is astounding.   Christanity is not synonymous with religion or a belief in a diety. I see you have failed to post on the thread asking how evolution is atheistic despite the numerous faithful and religions that accept evolution.   Plus you are denying the natural world of God, which in certain angle is blasphemy.
As I pointed out above, marc really means a phony Christian, which still leaves him with Miller as a theistic evolutionist. So really, marc can assassinate Miller's character regarding being a True Christian all day, but he's still stuck with a prominent theistic evolutionist being a thorn in his side. Or at least, it would be if not for marc's willful ignorance; remember, to marc, if one isn't a Christian, Jew, or Muslim, that person is an atheist.  Correction: If one isn't a fundementalist, literal christian, jew or muslim, then marc considers them a atheist.   He's never going to deal with the fact that he's quite wrong on that subject. It's obvious to everyone that he's constantly avoiding it even when asked point blank several times. A sign of argumental failure is constant avoidance of a simple question.
And evolution isn't atheistic!! :p Do you ever wonder how these peoples' minds work, SS????  Your satire needs work. At least you proved I'm right, you can't deal with your asinine claims about evolution being atheistic.
Can someone with a brain explain this to me:  How does taking genesis as a metaphor change anything relevant in the bible?   The same morals and values are still there. The known history is still there.   So genesis was simply a way of explaning to ignorant, nomadic israelities how the world came to be in a manner they'd understand. How does this change anything in the bible?   I'd think that the RCC's constant changing of the bible to suit its secular goals is far more damaging then taking genesis as a metaphor.  But what do I know? After all a education, rational throught processes and a understanding of logic don't mean anything to religious nutjobs.
I won't claim to be a Bible expert or an abnormal psychologist, but my understanding is that most fundies believe that the whole apple-from-the-tree-of-knowledge bit is the root of all sin for which Jesus allegedly died. No apple, no sin. And the fundies need the concept of sin so they can threaten to punish evildoers and feel superior to people who missed out on the inhuman indoctrination.  That's more then a little frightening as they place the value of sin over the value of morals and ethics of the bible. That would seem to indicate they are more concerned with keeping their specific beliefs intact rather then supporting and promoting values and morals.
I won't claim to be a Bible expert or an abnormal psychologist, but my understanding is that most fundies believe that the whole apple-from-the-tree-of-knowledge bit is the root of all sin for which Jesus allegedly died. No apple, no sin. And the fundies need the concept of sin so they can threaten to punish evildoers and feel superior to people who missed out on the inhuman indoctrination.  Apple isn't actually specified though the "fruit of the tree of knowledge" is usually interpreted as an apple. It has also been interpreted as a fig. Of course this leads to the more the allagorical interpetation.
You do have a point. You claim to be a Christian and it is quite clear that you aren't.  Most creationists behave in manners Jesus would severely rebuke them for. Marc9000 is no different. It would seem to indicate that the foundation of Creationism is rooted in abandoning the teachings of Christ (largely humility, and honesty) over a part of the bible that is more or less irrevelant to the morals and values of the very same book.
They can only have two views. Either the book of Genesis is true, or it is false.    That is the logical fallacy of 'false dichotomy'. It could also be allegory.  Also, the Book of Genesis does not promote the concept of 'original sin'. that was added on later , mildly by paul and then expanded upon by Saint Augustus.   So, there are many theists that use Genesis that do not believe in original sin.
They can only have two views. Either the book of Genesis is true, or it is false.  Wrong. There are a number of views on genesis.   1) Genesis is a literal story 2) Genesis is false as a literal story 3) Genesis is a metaphorical story to explain the origin of the world to people without a understand of the world much less science. 4) Genesis is merely a story that provides the setting for the morals and values of Christanity.   personally 3 makes the most sense to me.   Trying to explain astrophysics, evolution and general science to ignorant, nomadic israelites is quite retarded. If I was trying to do it, I'd have a similar form of genesis as well.   Plus you're forgetting that the flood and creation stories are just rip offs of enuma elish and Gilgamesh. They aren't even Christian in origin
Verbal prayer offered in a school is unconstitutional, even if that prayer is both voluntary and denominationally neutral. (Engel v. Vitale, 1962; Abington v Schemp, 1963; Commissioner of Education v School Commitee of Leyden, 1971)  Nevermind "the American Jewish Committee, and the Synagogue Council of America each submitted briefs urging the Court to instead reverse and rule that the prayer was unconstitutional."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engel_v._Vitale  So Marc, do you consider Jews to be Atheists?   Schempp was a Unitarian who filed agnaist abington on a state law "that required his children, specifically Ellery Schempp, to hear and sometimes read portions of the Bible as part of their public school education."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abington_School_District_v._Schempp  Commissioner of Education v School Commitee of Leyden 1971 not found on the internet, lexis nexis nor findlaw.   A city council meeting can pray, as long as they don't say the name of Jesus. (Rubin v City of Burbank, 1999)  How is that atheistic? All it does is enforce neutrality between various religions specifically as the establishment clause dictates  In Omaha, Nebraska, a student was prohibited from reading hils Bible silently during his free time, or even to open it at school. (Gierke v Blotzer, 1989)  No such case exists on findlaw or lexis nexis.   It is unconstitutional for a war memorial to be erected in the shape of a cross. (Lowe v City of Eugene, 1969)  Not quite.   "The trial court, in a suit for declaratory relief, ordered the City of Eugene and the other named defendants to remove from a public hilltop park a neon-lighted concrete"  It's okay to have a war memorial erected in the shape of a cross in private property.   Source  So you're 0-4 with a no file found for 2.   Atheist activists are working on that.  Sure they are. You'll remember it was a jewish family in Delware who sued the state for Christian oriented prayers.  http://www.washingtonjewishweek.com/main.asp?SectionID=4&SubSectionID=4&ArticleID=5571&TM=67131.25  and it was another Jewish + Mormon group that sued Texas for much of the same.  So do you consider Jews and Mormons to be atheists?
Yes, that's the one! The one where activist courts change our traditional government to cram atheism down everyone's throats! Rehnquist spelled it out very nicely.  The minority opinion of one justice does not stack up against the 150+ years similar cases have been coming before the Supreme Court and being ruled on. The insistance that Religous Nuts aren't allowed to shove their specific religion down others throats via the government is not shoving atheism down everyones throat. It is not allowing jerks to use the government to promote their religion.
I believe that's true, and as a "believer" (creationist), here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew, 12:30, Jesus says "He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters". It is safe to say that both creationists and theistic evolutionists would accept that statement from Jesus, and would seek to be "with" him, while agnostic and atheists would consider themselves "not with" him. Yet theistic evolutionists are comfortable to (usually politically) be "with" agnostics and atheists, and separate themselves from creationists. If they're genuine Christians, knowing about the warnings in the Bible about false teachings, how can they be comfortable with that?  1. Creationists deny God. You can't be "with Jesus" and deny God. So being with creationists is not being with Jesus.  2. Theistic evolutionists are not "with" atheists. That is, we disagree with atheism the faith. We agree that evolution happened, but we have no choice. We can't deny the evidence God left us in His Creation. What we do disagree with is the atheistic interpretation that evolution denies God. The scientific data doesn't support that conclusion.  3. You took Matthew 12:30 out of context. Jesus is talking about his conflict with the Pharisees -- which are those insisting on a literal interpretation of the Bible. He is not talking about agnostics and atheists.   The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments, it's because creationists can clearly see those sentiments in the NY Times editorial board, CNN, ABC, Dan Rather, Handgun Control, The Sierra Club - the list is almost endless. Miller continues;  1. I disagree with Miller's analysis of Lewontin. In several instances, Lewontin is making fun of the view.  2. Not everyone who disagrees with every position you hold is trying to force you.    His mistake here, is that evolution isn't any of those social moral things because it shouldn't be. Yet he clearly shows, from Lewontin's words, that it IS.   No, what Miller shows is that Lewontin has mistaken evolution for something it is not. Evolution really isn't any of those social moral things. People mistakenly try to link evolution with those -- such as the creationist claim that Hitler's racial policy was based on evolution -- but in reality evolution isn't it.   Ideas are statements. Scientific theories are statements about the physical universe. You must distinguish between what the idea really is and what some people say the idea is.  Militant atheists like to say that evolution mandates atheism. Of course they would say that, because they are promoting atheism. But you have to ask the question: does evolution REALLY mandate atheism? When you look at the statements of evolution, you find that it doesn't. No matter what militant atheists say. Just like creationism is a refuted scientific theory no matter how often creationists say it is valid.   We have to make political decisions about evolution based on how best selling authors like Richard Dawkins USE IT to make themselves "intellectually fulfilled atheists".   NO YOU DON'T! That's the point. You should make decisions on what evolution really is, not what Dawkins tries to use it for.  As it happens, Dawkins is correct that evolution does allow atheists to be intellectually fulfilled. Evolution negates the Argument from Design as "proof" of the existence of God. So, before evolution, atheism was an irrational faith. Now atheism is a rational faith. BUT, all evolution did was show a "proof" of God was incorrect. Not that God did not exist, but that a particular "proof" didn't work. That's truth. Get used to it.  If Miller is genuinely disturbed about "atheists in the scientific community who routinely enlist the material findings of evolutionary biology in support of their own philosophical pronouncements", why doesn't he distance himself from them, in political matters? He joined them in the recent Dover case, and he has in many others.   Because evolution is how God created. Sorry, but we can't lie to our kids. We can't tell them creationism is true when God tells us it is false.  But wait a minute! Hasn't science found that it's scientifically impossible for Jesus to be born of a virgin - no Y-chromosome?  No. That's the point. Science, properly understood, does not tell us the miracle is impossible. Instead, if the miracle happened, our scientific theories would have to be modified.  Why is it okay for him to accept the virgin birth of Christ, and riducule anyone who believes in the creation of the first man, Adam?  Because there is no evidence against the virgin birth and there is considerable evidence against Adam -- including the text of Genesis 1.   If God could handle the Y-chromosome, couldn't God also handle creating the first, fully formed man?  God could. But God didn't.   It becomes more and more clear why atheists are comfortable with theistic evolution. If there was no Adam, there was no original sin, and no genealogy as described in the book of Genesis, only monkeys.  1. Militant atheists are not comfortable with theistic evolutionists. PZ Meyer regularly castigates Miller for his position.  2. Jesus died for our sins, not Adam's. The Adam and Eve is an allegory with Adam and Eve standing for each and every one of us. We ALL disobey God at some point in our life. The insistence on creaitonism has caused creationists to miss the point of Genesis 2-3.   Then ALL the basics of Christianity, the nature of God and central New Testament teachings, including the way the sinner Adam (one man)and the Savior Jesus (one man) are linked together in Romans 5, 16-18, are trivialized just the way atheists love.  Paul was trying to explain Christianity and Judaism to gentiles. He was trying to put Jesus into Judaism in a way that would make sense to people who were not Jewish. Don't read that so literally.  He finishes the book with "What kind of God do I believe in? The answer is in these words. I believe in Darwin's God."   And what does he mean by that? You apparently don't have a clue. Tell me, do you have any idea what "secondary cause" is?
 There should be more of a difference between them than there is. Going by the phrases that I highlighted in the above quotes from dictionary.com, an agnostic would be "noncommittal" - we see several on these forums who claim to be agnostic that commit themselves to declaring the Bible is mythology, etc. Huxley himself didn't seem very noncommittal.   Your true god is showing -- the Bible.  Agnostic refers to a position on GOD. You can declare the Bible to be mythology but still be non-committal on the existence of GOD. After all, the Bible is NOT God.  If an agnostic "refrains from commitment to any religious doctrine" yet commits to atheistic doctrine, (as we see all the time) then the difference between them is practically indistinguishable. As we can see, dictionary.com refers to them as synonyms.  No, what it means is that the "agnostic" is not applying the correct label to himself. You are confusing the advocates of an idea (people) with the idea.   Yes, many atheists try to call themselves "agnostic". Why? Because it disguises that atheism is a faith. But atheism and agnosticism are different. And Huxley was agnostic. He didn't have much use for the politics of Anglicanism -- particularly their control of science -- but he was genuinely agnostic. Huxley did not deny the existence of God.  The idea is very simple:  The basic question is: Does a deity(ies) exist? There are 3 possible answers: 1. I believe deity exists. This is theism, deism, polytheism. 2. I believe a deity does not exist. This is atheism. 3. I don't know whether a deity exists or not. This is agnosticism.
So does anyone have a few cases that actually show gov't 'shoving atheism' down the nation's throat?
I find that Marc's notion funny that the US Gov is shoving Atheism down the Country's throat, when the President is a self confessed Christian and the party in power in both House's is the party that Bible Belt vote for.  If the US Government is trying to shove Atheism down the nations throat then all those self confessed Christians on Capital Hill must be Charlatans.  I love how Marc is just detached from reality. I doubt he'll reply to how he's so wrong about the cases he listed. Two can't even be found on Findlaw.
No, but sometimes I consider some Jewish groups (there are many) to be sometimes wrong.  Doesn't mean they are atheist. And most people here consider you wrong on just about everything.   So it doesn't exist? I just made it up?   No, but it is possible that the site you stole it off of did. I ran a search for the case and the only places it was found was on sites that had verbatim what you posted. Given the nature of Findlaw and Nexis Lexis, it is a good possibility that whoever wrote the piece you plargarized did make it up. And I see by your silence that you admit your other example doesn't classify  Small steps. Atheism is increasing just like taxes have increased over the last 50 years.  You mean views that aren't identical to yours. Btw, you've failed to reply to my direct challenge about what constitutes atheism. And please, how does this case even promote your idiotic concept? There cannot be laws favoring or disfavoring one religion over the other. Mandatory bible readings is a direct violation of the 1st ammendment. You'd be agreeing if the text was the Koran instead of the bible, so stop being a hypocritical jack***.  So it doesn't exist it you can't find it. Well, you gotta give me credit, I made up some pretty cool imaginary names, didn't I? Really now, legal things are going on in the U.S. that can't be just popped up on the net any old time. I see them in books - the authors I trust don't cross every T and dot every I on referencing any worse than Richard Dawkins, or some of your other heros.  Apparently you have no idea what findlaw and lexis nexis are. And who is Dawkins? 90% of the authors you cite I have no idea who they are.   Not quite. It's easy for anyone with an open mind to see that today's courts are ruling on and about things differently than they did only a few decades ago. As I've said before - when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined.  And have consistantly failed to prove. the 4 of your cases that do exist have nothing to do with atheism. 2 of them were filed by believers. One is aganist the mandatory bible reading. One is aganist religious symbols on public property.  You have nothing and it shows.   One Jewish family, yes. They don't represent all Jews.  How is believing in a God consituted as atheism? Do you even know what atheism is?   Atheism: 2 a : a disbelief in the existence of deity b : the doctrine that there is no deity   How is believing in the Jewish God disbelieving in the existance of a diety?  Is the jewish God not a God in their eyes? You're digging your own grave here.   One Jewish + Mormon group, yes. They don't represent all Mormons and Jews.  Again, last time I checked, Mormons believed in Christ. Jews in the Jewish God.  You just called your own God not a God  Guess what Marc considers himself a Atheist as the christian God is considered by him to no longer be a God
First you say he isn't a true christian and then you accuse him of worshiping the devil? I don't think you can make much of a connection there.  He doesn't have a connection anywhere. First he does not consider jews to be atheists. Then he argued that evolution and its believers are atheists, nevermind millions of jews accepting evolution. So apparently Judaism is atheistic while being theistic at the same time. Then he claimed that a jewish family was a bunch of atheists at the same time as believing in the Jewish God. Therefore he must consider the jewish God not to be a God. Then he called a mormon group, who believes in Jesus, to be atheists. Therefore the Christian God must therefore not be a God.   Marc considers himself a atheist as he does not see the Christian God as a a God
I can't find Leyden or Blotzer on any site except fundementalist sites that claim what Marc does.   Unless we have access to the case files itself or at least a summary, it's not worth considering.  If Findlaw and Lexis don't have it, it is immaterial to the judicial system.
No, but in a political decision with only two choices, if they side with atheists, in that case they are indistinguishable from atheists.  No. In a political decision there are a number of choices. So you're saying that jewish groups who believe in the JEWISH GOD are indistinguishable who reject the existance of a GOD?  Again, Marc9000 shows his inability to understand what atheism is  Most people here, yes. When comparing what goes on here (particularly poll results) to what goes on in most Federal and local governments all across the U.S. it's easy to see that the general population isn't represented here at all. Did you know that Air America Radio just filed for chapter 11?  That's not relevant and you know it.   Last line of post #39 in the other thread.   which thread?   Nothing included in this country's foundation was based on the Koran. The Thanksgiving day proclamation, the opening of many govornment activities by prayer in our country's beginning - there are many examples of how a reference to the Judeo Christian religion does not violate the first amendment in any way. (Until "separation of church and state" became the most abused phrase among atheists that this country has ever seen, that is)  Again, not revelant. There is no doubt you'd be in a massive fit if a state school had public mandatory reading of the Koran. Stop being a giant hypocrite.   Lexis Nexis is a pay search engine that I don't subscribe to. I can guess what findlaw is.  And doesn't it tell you something when neither have anything on the cases you cited that can only be found in passing on anti-atheism websites? you can't even find the summary of the case. I smell dishonesty.  The authors I cite are evolutionists, and they are also politically active atheists. They are masters at blending the two, and incorporating them into politics, and school curriculums. If you would have taken me up on my debate challange, I would have shown you.   no one will take you up on that debate because your resolution was meaningless and you refused to accept textbook definition. And besides, they have nothing to do with the actuality of the theory.   In the past, "believers" weren't filing them.  So? fallacy: argument to the past. How is atheism being crammed down the nation's throat when it is believers who are filing the lawsuits, Christians in Congress the Whitehouse AND the judicial system passing down the laws and rulings?  Charlatans all of them eh? All them atheists? hhahaha   Mandatory Bible reading and religious symbols on public property weren't a problem in the past.  Again, fallacy: argument to the past. The mere mention of a single group that believes filing removes your asinine ideas from the realm of reason.   You're very angry and it shows.  Not really. I actually enjoy publically shreading your posts. It reminds me why I got a education and pity those who did not.   In my "atheist activist" quote above, I was mainly referring to Michael Newdow. I actually admire him a little, he's an atheist who actually admits what he is.  Irrevelant.   Then I said one Jewish family doesn't necessarily represent all Jews - I never called them atheists.  You merely agreed that you considered them atheists.   Then you got me - I was tired. I meant to say certain Mormon or Jewish group can be wrong.  in your eyes.   But again, if a political desicion has only two choices, and Jewish and Mormon groups side with atheists, at least in that moment there is no difference between them.  Merely that one believes in a God and the other's ideology is defined by rejection of the belief in the existance of such Gods. Kind of important don't you say?  And your argument relies upon a massive IF.  At least you admit you were wrong.
Small steps. Atheism is increasing just like taxes have increased over the last 50 years.  Even if true, it is irrelevant.   What has happened over the last 50 years is  1. Atheists have decided not to have theism forced on them. 2. Courts have been willing to acknowledge that atheism is a valid faith and not force theism on them.  When the Establishment Clause was written, atheism was an irrational faith and could be safely ignored. The First Amendment was meant to protect theists from one another. Specifical one denomination from other denominations of Christians.   However, atheism is now a rational faith. Therefore it has to be considered when we consider separation of church and state. No longer can the state by basically theist and just have separation of the state from particular versions of theism. Instead, the state must be agnostic and be separate from ANY version of theism.   So it doesn't exist it you can't find it. Well, you gotta give me credit, I made up some pretty cool imaginary names, didn't I? Really now, legal things are going on in the U.S. that can't be just popped up on the net any old time. I see them in books - the authors I trust don't cross every T and dot every I on referencing   If it can't be found on Lexis it doesn't exist. Have you considered that the people you trust are not worthy of that trust and do make up cases to scare you?  [quote] As I've said before - when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined./quote]  That doesn't follow. Yes, the courts are ruling differently than they did a century ago. However, that is because they are realizing that the situation is different than it was a century ago. The courts are recognizing that it is unconstitutional to force theism on atheists.  BTW, you don't represent Christians, either.
No, but in a political decision with only two choices, if they side with atheists, in that case they are indistinguishable from atheists.  No, they are not. It means that one of the political choices forces a view of theism that they don't share down their throats.   Remember, the Establishment Clause was originally designed to protect theists from other theists! So, some of the policies seek to establish a particular type of theism -- Fundamentalism -- over other types of theism.  I submit that it is actually worse. The policies seek to establish Fundamentalism, but Fundamentalism is NOT theism. So the objection of Mormons and Jews is that they don't want the state to establish a false idol as a state faith.    the general population isn't represented here at all.   The general population is not supposed to be represented in court cases, particularly ones involving Bill of Rights issues. The court is supposed to prevent the tyranny of the majority and protect the mimority view from such tyranny.  Nothing included in this country's foundation was based on the Koran.   So?   The Thanksgiving day proclamation, the opening of many govornment activities by prayer in our country's beginning - there are many examples of how a reference to the Judeo Christian religion does not violate the first amendment in any way.   Thanksgiving is a secular holiday. But yes, the Judeo-Christian denominations did violate the 1st Ammendment. In 1800 Massachusetts taxed anyone not belonging to the Congregational Church. In Virginia, anyone not belonging to the Anglican Church was taxed. Two different denominations of Christianity were the established churches in those states.   It was Methodists, Baptists, and Presbyterians who were doing the objecting. Judeo-Christianity is not a monolith like you are trying to pretend. There are 20,000 Christian denominations.  It is worse because Fundamentalism is not Christian. So, even if we say that Judeo-Christianity does not violate the 1st Ammendment, Fundamentalism does. Of course, in the presence of Islam, Hinduism, Mormonism, and atheism, Judeo-Christianity can indeed violate the 1st Ammendment if the government supports that religion exclusively.  The authors I cite are evolutionists, and they are also politically active atheists. They are masters at blending the two, and incorporating them into politics, and school curriculums.   Not in school curriculums. I have yet to see any creationist document where evolution is taught as atheism in public schools K-12. If you have such documentation, please share it. I will pass it on to NCSE so it can be corrected.  Mandatory Bible reading and religious symbols on public property weren't a problem in the past.   But they should have been. Part of the reason was that non-Christians simply didn't have the courage to challenge them. And Christians didn't have the sensitivity to realize the mistake they were making. Now both conditions have been met. It's time for Christians to realize their mistake and correct it.  Then I said one Jewish family doesn't necessarily represent all Jews - I never called them atheists.   But again, if a political desicion has only two choices, and Jewish and Mormon groups side with atheists, at least in that moment there is no difference between them.  Hmm. if there is no "difference", that is the same as saying they ARE atheists. Apparently you don't consider the meaning of what you post.
What more of us need to ask ourselves when a liberal atheist "votes" for Christian candidates, is if the Christian candidate is actually a Christian, or a PRETEND Christian. Some pretend Christians have thinner disguises than others.   Marc, you have just convinced me. You are a pretend Christian, trying to show the stupidty of the Christian religion.  You actually are an anti-christian troll.
"Creationists deny God" - I can't go much further with you until you give me a source for that belief.   Conclusion from data and reason, not belief. See the second quote in my signature. Creationists deny what science finds. But what does science study? God's Creation. So, by denying everything we see in God's Creation and insisting instead on a literal, inerrant reading of Genesis 1-3, creationists are denying God.   You wouldn't believe the clue I have. Maybe someone referred to as "the evil one", in the Bible?  As I said, you don't have a clue. You are SO wrong. These are quotes from Origin of Species. I doubt they will help you, but at least you will have the straight information for your denial.  "To my mind it accords better with what we know of the laws impressed on matter by the Creator, that the production and extinction of the past and present inhabitants of the world should have been due to secondary causes, like those determining the birth and death of the individual." pg. 449.  "But with regard to the material world, we can at least go so far as this -- we can perceive that events are brought about not by insulated interpositions of Divine power, exerted in each particular case, but by the establishment of general laws" Whewell: Bridgewater Treatise.   "The only distinct meaning of the word 'natural' is stated, fixed, or settled; since what is natural as much requires and presupposes an intelligent agent to render it so, i.e., to effect it continually or at stated times, as what is supernatural or miraculous does to effect it for once." Butler: Analogy of Revealed Religion.  "To conclude, therefore, let no man out of a weak conceit of sobriety, or an ill-applied moderation, think or maintain, that a man can search too far or be too well studied in the book of God's word, or in the book of God's works; divinity or philosophy; but rather let men endeavour an endless progress or proficience in both." Bacon: Advancement of Learning All from the Fontispiece   No, tell me where it's at in the Bible, and I'll check it out.  Didn't think you had any idea of "secondary cause".   "This third view that science and theology are two complementary partial descriptions of the world is very popular today, and for good reason. It does accurately capture part of the way science and theology relate. To understand this, it is important to grasp the distinction between primary and secondary causal actions by God. Roughly, what God did in parting the Red Sea was a primary causal act; what God did in guiding and sustaining that sea before and after its parting involved secondary causal acts by God. Secondary causes are God's usual way of operating by which He sustains natural processes in existence and employs them as intermediate agents to accomplish some purpose. Primary causes are God's unusual way of operating and involve direct, discontinuous, miraculous actions by God." http://www.leaderu.com/real/ri9404/threat.html  The author is JP Moreland, one of the leaders of ID. I mention this because you seem to assign "trust" to particular authors. I would think Moreland would be among those you trust.   Remember that Darwin referred to evolution as the secondary cause by which "the Creator" acted. So, when Miller says "I believe in Darwin's God", he is saying that God sustains the natural process of evolution and an intermediate agent.  "A Law of Nature then is the rule and Law, according to which God resolved that certain Motions should always, that is, in all Cases be performed. Every Law does immediately depend upon the Will of God." Gravesande, Mathematical Elements of Natural Philosophy, I, 2-3, 1726, quoted in CC Gillespie, Genesis and Geology, 1959.  Judges 21:15 " 4 The people were still disconsolate over Benjamin because the LORD had made a breach among the tribes of Israel. "  4. 4 [15] Had made a breach: what is here attributed to God was in reality the free and deliberate act of the Israelites and happened only by the permissive will of God. The ancients attributed to the first primary cause what is more directly due to secondary causes." http://www.nccbuscc.org/nab/bible/judges/judges21.htm  "Yes, God's eternal decree is being worked out, but the working out of that eternal decree is done through his interaction with people, and through their decisions and actions. The role that man's actions take in the working out of God's will is called a "secondary cause." The Westminster Confession of Faith explains it this way: "God is the first cause, and in relationship to Him everything happens unchangeably and infallibly. However, by this same providence, He orders things to happen according to secondary causes. As a result of these secondary causes, some things must inevitably happen; others may or may not happen, depending on the voluntary intentions of the agents involved; and some things do not have to happen but may, depending on other conditions (WCF 5.2; I've quoted from Summertown Text's modern version)." http://www.thirdmill.org/answers/answer.asp/file/99788.qna/category/th/page/questions/site/iiim  "The causes of the science versus Christianity battle may be traced to three errors. First, the proponents on both sides often fail to define the term, "evolution." Second, both sides have failed to see science as a product of a Christian world view. And, finally, both sides confuse the realms (limits) of science and theology. ... There has (and continues to be) a confusion between primary causes and secondary causes. The study of natural science deals with secondary causes while theology studies primary causes. For example, we may explain rain by saying that moisture in the air is cooled below the dew point causing water molecules to condense around dust particles thereby generating precipitation. This is a secondary cause. The primary cause is simply, "God made it rain." In other words, God, who created the physical system, is the cause behind the observable cause.   Some people attempt to explain unknown causes in nature by God's direct intervention. This has been called, "the God of the gaps." While God could certainly intervene in the natural process (called a miracle), to make God responsible for common natural phenomena means that as each scientific discovery finds a natural explanation of what was previously attributed to God, the direct intervention of God becomes unnecessary. That is, as the gaps in knowledge become smaller, the God of these gaps becomes correspondingly smaller. People with this mentality see science as a threat to their faith. Obviously, were such a view held by the founders of modern science, there would have been no incentive to find answers to the natural phenomena. Understanding these natural phenomena as secondary causes, places God above them where increased ability to explain how they occur not only does not "decrease" God, but adds wonder to His creation." http://www.leaderu.com/offices/o_helweg/science_andor_faith.html  "This example illustrates the limits beyond which science cannot take us. By its very nature science deals with what theologians call 'secondary causes', that is, with interactions within nature. It cannot deal with 'primary causes', that is, the ultimate origin and purpose of nature. " http://www.st-edmunds.cam.ac.uk/faraday/CIS/lucas/lecture.html  "5.3. Thomas Aquinas: God Acts Through Secondary Causes  5.3.1. Primary and Secondary Causes  Example: consider the quality and beauty of piano music at a concert.  Primary Cause: the gifted pianist with the ability to play the piano beautifully  Secondary Cause: the piano  The primary cause (the gifted pianist) must work through the secondary cause (the piano) to achieve the effect they desire. If the piano is horribly out of tune . . . .     5.3.2. God Works in the World Indirectly Through Secondary Causes  Aquinas:  God is the primary cause of everything, but has chosen to work indirectly through secondary causes. (i.e. "delegating" divine action) God might try to move a human will, for example, in order to help an ill person" http://www.stjohnadulted.org/The_01.htm#Thomas%20Aquinas:%20God%20Acts%20Through%20Secondary%20Causes  "This doctrine establishes the reality of "Secondary Causes"  Though God is not the cause of sin, it does have a cause. Evil can only be found in the creature. Therefore the creature is the only efficient and proximate cause of sin. We are not created as just machines following impersonal programming. We are persons who act morally. We are responsible for our actions before God. This is why the doctrine of the decrees differs so completely from the doctrine of fatalism. ... How is the idea of secondary causes necessary in maintaining a biblical view of God, creation and of moral law?" http://www.girs.com/library/theology/syllabus/theo4.html
This is the third time now that I've reminded you of the fact that Richard Dawkins and Militant Atheism Inc. have attacked Miller for his views.  So really it's the 50,000th time someone here has proven marc9000 to be 5 lbs of bs in a 2 lb bag?  not that it changes anything he says, or the general opinion about him.
Then why are such a huge percentage of Biological scientists atheists?  You know, I simply can't imagine why that would be the case.  And have you noticed how dilligently dentists floss? And electricians' houses - always really well wired. It's like... it's almost like they're informed or something.  <Sorry, we've just submitted our game to Sony for publication and I'm all giddy. Just ignore me.<
So theistic evolution is not a belief, not a faith at all? It is simply a humanistic idea that is based on science, using God to fill gaps?   1. Let's go back and look at claims, because your statement is not tied to what I was talking about.  "Originally Posted by marc9000  "Creationists deny God" - I can't go much further with you until you give me a source for that belief. "  To that I replied that the statement "Creationists deny God" is NOT a belief, but a conclusion derived from reason and evidence. Nothing in it at all about theistic evolution.  2. The "theistic" part of theistic evolution is a belief. Just like the "atheist" part of atheistic evolution is a belief. The "evolution" part isn't a belief.  3. Theistic evolution is definitely NOT "using God to fill gaps". Using God to fill gaps is ID. Theistic evolution simply says that the material processes discoverd by science are the secondary causes (the material causes) God used to create. No gaps.   Creationists don't deny what science finds, it questions what science theorizes, with an atheist philosophy. Let's look at a paragraph from Kenneth Miller (the theistic evolutionist's) book, quoted from Carl Sagan, the atheist;  Marc, I need a book and page number for that quote. It sounds like Sagan from Demon Haunted World, not Miller. Sagan died in December 1996. Miller's most famous book about science and God was not published until 1999. So that leaves out that book. Before that, Miller wrote textbooks and didn't mention God. So how could Sagan quote from a book written after Sagan died?  There is a huge difference in the things he described above, and what science does to determine what happened billions of years ago, what chance, evolutionary principles affect human behavior - countless other philosophical things that science involves itself in.   I don't see a huge difference. The same methodology science used to come up with sonograms and amniocentesis was used to come up with evolution. After all, both sonic imaging and amniocentesis are theories.   So the "Origin of Species" has more information for theistic evolutionists than the Bible does?? Does theistic evolution believe in Satan?  Origin of Species has more information on the relationship of evolution to theology than the Bible does. Since the Bible has no such information, that wouldn't take much. emoticon_xhoho Darwin took standard Christian theology. Creationism denies that theology.   BTW, the OT doesn't "believe in Satan" the way Fundamentalists do, either. For that you need to go to the non-Biblical Essenes and Milton. So why are you taking such non-Biblical sources for major theological beliefs?  "The book of God's word" - atheists don't agree with that part. You've indicated that you don't either.   Where did I indicate that? I don't agree with a literal interpreation of that part of scripture, but then scripture itself tells me not to take it literally. Sorry, a literal interpretation of the Bible is not "God's word". That you think so shows how much you do not worship God.  He very well could be, yes. So atheism believes only in secondary causes, "fundamentalism" can believe in both primary and secondary causes, and theistic evolution believes in primary and secondary causes? The differences in theistic evolution and fundamentalism would be that fundamentalism believes in far more primary causes than does theistic evolution?  Atheism believes secondary causes act on their own. Theistic evolutionists believe that secondary causes require God in order to work. Fundamentalists believe that 1) God does not exist unless their are primary causes and 2) there are only primary causes. In essence, Fundies believe like atheists: if there are material causes, then God is absent.  And if the "natural process of evolution" is determined by humans in a university lab, many with an atheist worldview, that clash with something the Bible says, you and Kenneth Miller immediately toss the Bible out and accept what the humans say - no questions asked?   We accept what God says. You say "nature" is something that doesn't have God in it. But who created nature? God, right? Therefore, nature is something God wrote. OTOH, humans wrote scripture. Even more, a literal interpretation is done by humans. So, when we have something God did vs something humans say about God, Miller and I choose God.   Calvin told us that it doesn't matter what the worldview is. So what if the scientist is atheist? The data is the same. That's the essence of science: the data must be the same for everyone, no matter what their worldview is. Now, if the atheist projects his personal beliefs on the data and says the data show atheism is "fact", then Miller and I do object. Because then the person is not being a scientist anymore, but mislabeling his personal beliefs as science.  So the main disagreements between fundamentalists and theistic evolutionists are what are, and are not first (primary) causes.  Oh no. The main disagreement between theistic evolutionists and Fundmentalists is that Fundies aren't worshipping God, but a false idol of their own making.   And atheists believe everything is a second cause (or first cause) with no intelligence behind it.   Nope. Atheists believe material causes -- what you are mislabeling "secondary causes" -- happen on their own. Theists believe that material causes require God's will in order to work.  It still doesn't make any sense to me why theistic evolutionists are in such agreement with atheists, and so far apart from "fundamentalists".   We don't agree with atheists about atheism. DUH! But we agree that evolution happened. That's because the data is the same for all of us. Theistic evolutionists believe that evolution is how God created. Atheistic evolutionists believe evolution happened on its own without God. There is no scientific data to resolve that difference. So we live and let live.  Fundies/creationists insist on their interpretation of scripture over what God tells us. So, we don't listen to them; we listen to God.   I love that second one "science as a product of a Christian worldview". Then why are such a huge percentage of Biological scientists atheists?   Define "huge percentage". Depending on how you define theism, anywhere from 50% to 90% of biologists are theists. Now, include agnosticism and that doesn't leave a "huge percentage" to be atheists.  "Johnson encapsulates his major insistence by writing: 'In the broadest sense, a 'creationist' is simply a person who believes the world (and especially mankind) was *designed* and exists for a *purpose*." Darwinism, Johnson claims, inherently and explicitly denies such a belief and therefore constitutes a naturalistic philosophy intrinsically opposed to religion. "But this is the oldest canard and non sequitor in the debater's book. To say it for all my colleageues and for the umpteenth millionth time (from college bull sessions to learned treatises): science simply cannot (by its legitimate methods) adjudicate the issue of God's possible superintendence of nature. We neither affirm nor deny it; we simply can't comment on it as scientists. ... Science can work only with naturalistic explanations; it can neither affirm nor deny other types of actors (like God) in other spheres (the moral realm, for example). "Forget philosophy for a moment; the simple empirics of the past hundred years should suffice. Darwin himself was agnostic (having lost his beliefs upon the tragic death of his favorite daughter), but the great American botanist Asa Gray, who favored natural selection and wrote a book entitled Darwiniana, was a devout Christian. Move forward 50 years: Charles D. Walcott, discoverer of the Burgess Shale fossils, was a convinced Darwinian and an equally firm Christian, who believed that God had ordained natural selection to construct a history of life according to His plans and purposes. Move on another 50 years to the two greatest evolutionists of our generation: G.G. Simpson was a humanist agnostic, Theodosius Dobzhansky a believing Russian Orthodox. Either half my colleagues are enormously stupid, or else the science of Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs -- and equally compatible with atheism, thus proving that the two great realms of nature's factuality and the source of human morality do not strongly overlap." SJ Gould, Impeaching a self-appointed judge. Scientific American, 267:79-80, July 1992.     I don't see evidence of the Carl Sagan's, Richard Dawkins' etc, making references to primary and secondary causes. Didn't notice it in Miller's book either.   Sagan and Dawkins don't. That's because they don't believe in secondary causes. They are atheists, therefore they believe material causes are the only causes. However, Dawkins has shown one way for God to intervene in evolution and be indectable to science. Ironic, isn't it? emoticon_xhoho   As to Miller, I suggest Chapter 8 of Finding Darwin's God. A lot of it is devoted to the 2 questions in science where God is still scientifically acceptable as primary cause, but a lot of it has the concept of secondary cause embedded in it:   "God would use material processes .." That's a very clear invocation of secondary cause. pg 252  Miller also quotes Howard van Till describing St. Augustine on pg 254:  "The universe was brought into being in a less than fully formed state but endowed with the capacities to transform itself, in conformity with God's will, from unformed matter into a marvelous array of structures and lifeforms. In other words, Augustine envisioned a Creation that was, from the instant of its inception, characterized by functional integrity"  That is secondary cause.  "What we have learned from science explains, for the first time in human history, how God could have solved the overpowering logical problems of His divine nature by creating for us a distinctive world of meaning and substance." pg 258  "The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves."  "We are now far enough along in the development of science to appreciate that its track record suggests that ultimately it will find natural causes for natural phenomena. God has fashioned a self-consistent reality in nature," pg 252  I don't think you have EVER read Finding Darwin's God. You have just read people who have given false witness about it. Now, if a person willingly repeats false witness without checking for the truth, is that person also guilty of false witness?   And depending on what human is "finding the answers" it can unfortunately cheapen and deny many central Biblical teachings.   How? How can the human do anything about God? The only way to "cheapen" the teachings is to deny what God teaches us (atheist and theist alike) in His Creation. You need to read more of St. Augustine.  Many atheist scientists disagree with that. Why don't theistic evolutionists take them to task over that?  1. Actually, not "many" You can count on two hands the number that really do take on primary causes: Sagan, Wilson, Dawkins, Atkins, PZ Myers (Dennett and Provine, but they are philosphers). The vast majority of scientists who are agnostic and atheists do not engage in this.  2. And yes, scientists do take them to In fact, some agnostic and atheist scientists take them to task. Eugenie Scott, head of the NCSE, has done so many times. So has Michael Ruse (altho he is also a philosopher). Scientists such as Miller, and others have entered the fray. There is a book called Science Held Hostage by (theists) Van Till, Menninga, and Young that takes on scientists who step beyond the science to atheism.  3. The scientists who go beyond the bounds do not attack science. Therefore most scientist who are theists don't get involved. They have 3 main reasons: 1) they are secure enough in their own faith that they don't view what is being done as a threat, 2) since they know where science ends and faith begins, most simply filter out the religious aspects as being personal and therefore, not worth commenting on and 3) there is nothing for them to argue, as scientists. Creationism, OTOH, gets the science wrong and is a direct threat to science.  I'll have to look all that over when I get more time, but I didn't notice anything resembling this kind of detail in Kenneth Miller's book   More likely because you haven't read Miller's book. It's all there in Chapters8 and 9.
Yes, I know you tend to say the same irrelevant things over and over. If Miller felt attacked as a Christian, he would respond. He referred to Dawkins on 15 different pages in that book - never said a bad word about him. Almost always fully agreed with him.   Cite the pages, please.    Miller undoubtedly makes a pretty good living in the theistic evolution business, and the way he lavished praise on Dawkins in his book, I'd say he and Dawkins wink and nod at each other quite often.  1. Actually, no, Miller doesn't make a living at this. He is a full time faculty member, with teaching and research responsibilities. He is a well-known textbook author. Finding Darwin's God is the only book on science and religion Miller has written. Compare that to any of the creationist authors. As far as I know, any of Miller's appearances for evolution, such as before the Ohio School Board or at the Dover trial, are volunteer work.  2. Cite passages, complete in context with complete references, where Miller "lavishes praise on Dawkins". I only find "Dawkins" list in the Index 13 times, not 15. The first reference pg 14-15 has two references:  "Biologist and author Richard Dawkins once allowed his readers to consider how powerful natural selection was by asking them how many of their direct ancestors had died in childhood."   No reference to atheism there, is there?  page 15 "Wilson's sentiment that Darwinian natural selection rules out God is widely shared. Richard Dawkins leaves no doubt about his own views of a Darwinian universe. It is not a place of real values, of genuine good and evil"  But now you need to go to page 17:  "A nonscientist reading the popular books of writers like these might be forgiven for jumping to the conclusion that modern evolutionary science has ruled out the existence of God. According to Williams, science certainly has ruled out the existence of a benign one. "Is this indeed the case? ... Does evolution really nullify world views that depend on the spiritual? ... And does it rigorously exclude belief in God? "These are the questions that I will explore in the pages that follow. My answer, in each and every case, is a resounding no. I do not say this, as you will see, because evolution is wrong. Far from it. The reason, as I hope to show, is because evolution is right. "  You didn't read the rest of the book and find the reasons for the "no". Some of us did read the book.   What you care about is your literal interpretation of Genesis. For that to be true, then you must argue against evolution and science. Miller and I care about God. Too bad you don't.
What more of us need to ask ourselves when a liberal atheist "votes" for Christian candidates, is if the Christian candidate is actually a Christian, or a PRETEND Christian. Some pretend Christians have thinner disguises than others.  And the disguise of creationists/Fundamentalists is so transparent that we know they are not Christians, but false-idol worshippers.  What you are not doing, Marc, is distinguishing beliefs about God from beliefs about social justice, morality, economics, politics, etc.  Christianity is not a political position. Atheists and Christians can share the same opinions about political ideas and still disagree about whether God exists.  For instance, a Christian who takes seriously the Commandment "Thou shalt not kill" could object to the Iraq war because it is killing. An atheist could object to the Iraq war because 1) it is not a just war because we were lied to in order to get us into it, 2) it is hurting the security of the US, and 3) it is viewed as American colonialism.  So, if the Christian runs for Congress on the platform that he will do everything to end the Iraq war, and atheist could easily vote for him because they want the same thing  in this particular case. It says nothing about the Christian's committment to Christianity or depth of his belief. In fact, his position comes FROM the depth of his belief.
I can't either, if science is a product of a Christian worldview, as he claimed.   Modern science is the product of Judeo-Christianity. Science tried to emerge in other belief systems and was always stillborn.   What Judeo-Christianity did was provide the 5 assumptions about the nature of the physical universe necessary to do science.  In order to do science, you must assume that the universe is 1. Rational 2. Accessible 3. Contingent 4. Objective 5. Unified.  So, Judeo-Christians already thought these things about the universe because of their belief that it was created by Yahweh.  1. The universe is rational because Yaheh is a rational deity and, therefore, created a rational universe. 2. The universe can be understood by humans (is accessible) because creatures created in the image of God could understand God's creation. 3. The universe is contingent because God could have chosen to create it some other way. 4. There is an objective universe out there because God is separate from the universe and created a real universe, not just a figment of His imagination. 5. And the processes of the universe aer unified because they were created by a single Mind -- God.  You can generate the assumptions without thinking of God by simply making these assumptions. However, Judeo-Christianity provided the assumptions ready-made as conclusions from the primary ideas that Yahweh exists and created the universe.  It takes more than the results of a single subject to arrive at a worldview.  So, by your own admission in this, it would take more than the results of evolution (a single subject) to arrive at a worldview. Therefore, evolution is not a worldview. Thank you for providing the proof that your claim is wrong.
In the U.S. it's the belief that a Creator gives unalienable rights.  That's just naivet. You can believe anything you want and believe we have unalienable rights. Nevermind that rights are purely a construct that exists only through force. You can have a right to anything if a force can provide it or defend it. Likewise, you can have any right revoked if a force has the power. Right to liberty? Not a chance. Life, not a chance. Pursuit of happiness is not a right. It is a state of mind which nothing can remove.   The question of the existence of unalienable rights of an individual almost always includes a question of the power of government in individuals lives.  At least you understand that much.   That's true, but your example is not common. Many, if not most Christians don't object to the Iraq war because they believe it's a "deterant" from killing. American killing. If we'd have taken out Hitler as quick as we took out Hussien, fewer people would have died overall.  Your bull****ing again. Roughly 80% of the US calls itself Christian. Opinion polls on Iraq are pretty pathetic with 63% against. Now, if the ENTIRE 20% non-christians (which is dubious in itself) was aganist it, that leaves 43% of rest of the nation, which are christians against the war. Now, 33 < 43 right? Therefore you're wrong as usual. If we took out Hitler (which we couldn't have given that the 3rd Reich's army was excellent and Saddam's couldn't even invade its neighbors), we might have ended up facing a leader who would let his generals do things properly.   But this particular case is the exception, not the rule. Just about any informed Christian doesn't want a Muslim victory in Iraq.  Since when was Islam homogenous in ideas, beliefs and ideology? You really have no idea do you? A moderate Muslim victory is what we are working for now. Informed...how ironic comming from you.  Or his position could come from an ignorance of the threat of Terrorism.  Better then yours. (aka, ignorace of everything)  Btw, why it is you refuse to post on the atheism debate or your own?
 My main reason for discussing this, for starting this thread, is to find out if theistic evolution contributes to an increase in atheism in the U.S.   Theistic evolution counteracts atheism the drive to atheism that Biblical literalism causes. Biblical literalism says: believe a literal Bible or believe your own senses. Anyone is going to believe their own senses. Therefore creationism/Biblical literalism drives people away from God toward atheism. In fact, I've often wondered if Biblical literalists were not undercover atheists.  I agree that's what they've decided, but I don't agree that theism has been forced on them. Do you think it has been forced on them, in violation of the first amendment?  Not intentionally, but yes, forced nonetheless. As a theist, I would consider having "there is no god to trust" on money to be forcing atheism on me.    I agree - but more than "irrational" at that time, atheism was safely ignored because it was unorganized. Not so today - it's as organized as any religion, and should have the first amendment applied to it in the same way.   Atheism was unorganized because it was not a valid intellectual position. Advocates of slavery today aren't organized either, but that is because slavery is an untenable position.  But I don't see an "organized" atheism. I don't see a political party advocating atheism. The closest you are going to get is the Secular Humanism Society and, perhaps, the Skeptics Socieity. Neither have large memberships and both have much larger interests than atheism.  Atheism uses evolution as a tool, and evolution enjoys a higher profile today among lay people than ever before. Newspaper articles, television programs, magazines, school curriculums, - its atheist implications are not being as carefully separated from state as some traditional religious practices. And it shows;    http://prweb.com/releases/2006/2/prweb344779.htm#  First, the website has nothing to do with evolution. It is about churches adopting secular advertising techniques. You seem to be equating evolution with all secular, non-religious society. That's not valid.  Yes, evolution has a high profile, but I don't see it associated --outside of a few militant atheists like Dawkins and Dennet -- with atheism. I've never heard of evolution being taught as atheism in public schools, even tho I've asked numerous times for examples.   EVOLUTION IS NOT ATHEISM Despite the efforts of creationists like you and militant atheists like Dawkins to make it so, evolution, like all science, is agnostic.   Why not? Why is that such a problem for theistic evolutionists?   First, why do associate this with theistic evolution? It has nothing to do with it. I'm speaking as a theist and a citizen of the US, not as an evolutionist.  Second, I told you: atheism is now a possible faith. Before there was only different versions of theism: Christianity (with its various denominations), Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, etc. So saying "under God" did not promote any of them. After all, it was a generic "God" and they all agreed God exists. But now we have a faith that God does not exist. So the government can't say "under God" because that is not their faith. It is the government sanctioning one faith -- theism -- over another faith.  And, in fact, that is how "under God" got into the Pledge! The original Pledge did not have it and for over 70 years did not have the phrase. The phrase was inserted during the McCarthy era especially to distinguish the USA from atheistic Communism. The idea was that a Communist (being an atheist) could not say the Pledge. That's not right, both from the pov of the Constitution and the Great Commandment.  There simply isn't enough difference between atheism and agnosticism. Why don't theistic evolutionists see that?  Because it is you who can't see the difference. Atheists try to make the difference narrower in order to try to gain epistemological legitimacy to atheism, but the reality is a huge difference. Atheism is a faith that deity does not exist. Agnosticism is a neutral position that there is insufficient data to decide whether deity exists or not.  Atheists have tried to make the term "weak atheism" and have it be equivalent to agnosticism. Under critical examination, however, weak atheism reduces to either agnosticism or atheism.   Have you considered that atheists you trust make up things about evolution to get theistic evolutionists on their side politically?   Would't work. Since science works with the physical universe, anyone can go to the physical universe and check up to see whether something is "made up". Since I believe God created, it means I can go to God to make sure the atheists are being honest. :)    Why are you answering questions from post #71?   Because they are questions.   Today's courts are recognizing more about the intent of the framers than previous generations that were closer to the actual framers?   Yep. That's because the framers deliberately wrote a flexible document that would be general and not particular. When the particulars change, the document can cover them. When the framers talked about regulating "interstate commerce" they were thinking of wagons and boats. They had no idea of the internet. But they did not intend for Congress to be limited to regulating horse-drawn wagons and boats; they wanted Congress to be able to regulate internet commerce too.  Just so, the framers had no idea that atheism was a rational faith. All the data they had said that atheism was irrational and could, therefore, be disregarded. But, if the situation changed, the framers didn't want theism pushed as a state religion.  With you, as with Kenneth Miller's book, I'm still not seeing much difference between theistic evolution and atheism.  The log in your eye makes it difficult for you to see.
Yes, that false Bible.   That false literal interpretation of the Bible. Remember, when extrabiblical evidence shows a literal interpretation of flat earth, immovable earth passages, and Luke 2:1 to be wrong, creationists modify the interpretation. But they are inconsistent and won't modify the interpretation of Genesis 1-8. Jesus had words for people like that: hypocrites and Pharisees.   Because beliefs about God directly relate to beliefs about those things.   How so? You made a flat assertion. Now please explain and document it.   Beliefs in God, or lack of it, often cause immediate separation of political ideas. In the U.S. it's the belief that a Creator gives unalienable rights. The question of the existence of unalienable rights of an individual almost always includes a question of the power of government in individuals lives.   Jefferson thought "rights" came from God. That's how he justified them. However, rights can be justified without the use of God.   Many, if not most Christians don't object to the Iraq war because they believe it's a "deterant" from killing. American killing. If we'd have taken out Hitler as quick as we took out Hussien, fewer people would have died overall.   "Deterrant" is not good enough. What you are referring to is "self-defense". But, in order to do that, the opponent has to present a direct threat to either you or someone else. Hussein did not do that.   Just about any informed Christian doesn't want a Muslim victory in Iraq.   LOL! If we turn Iraq into a stable democracy, it will be a Muslim victory because nearly all Iraqis are Muslims! No, what we don't want is a victory for Al-Queda. Not the same thing at all as "Muslim". Al-Queda are terrorists who just happen to be Muslim. We don't care about the Muslim part; we care about the terrorist.   Or his position could come from an ignorance of the threat of Terrorism.  Nope, because "Terrorism" is not that big a threat. Yes, they can kill people, but they can't threaten the country. They can't conqeuor us or change our form of government. No, the enemy there is the people who panic over terrrorism and, in their own personal cowardice fear of being killed, destroy America.
Welcome back - you've been gone awhile. :) I've been gone about a week myself - needed a new hard drive and the time necessary to get all systems back to normal.  There will be other gaps. Research to do, papers and grants to write. You are not my top priority. Sorry.    There really is something in it about theistic evolution, because YOU, as a theistic evolutionist, made the statement. There are many atheists who claim to have read the Bible, and even though they reject it, they claim to be knowledgeable enough about it to proclaim that "creationists deny God", because "reason and evidence" tell them that - reason and evidence gathered from a "there is no God" presupposition.   1. My conclusion that "creationists deny God" came from the Bible and Christianity. Evolution had nothing to do with it.   2. I've never seen an atheist claim that "creationists deny God". Please quote one that has. Instead, atheists claim that the Bible is mythology and has no truth in it. I never said that nor do I agree with it.   You haven't faced up to the questions: Who created? What was created? Who put the data there that science finds?  Evolution isn't a belief? I suppose it depends on which definition of evolution we use, as there are many. Suppose some atheist scientists, behind their usual closed doors, analyze and theorize that religion is a product of the human brains evolution. Do theistic evolutionists accept that without question? Would that evolutionary discovery inspire you to completely reject theology as a quirk in your brain to be cast off, so you could be as perfect as those who were born without that quirk, like Richard Dawkins or Edward O. Wilson?   No, evolution is not a belief. It's a scientific theory. And scientists do not analyze "behind closed doors". In fact, just what you speculate has been in the press in recent weeks -- which is where you got it. It is being hypothesized that religion is a product of the evolution of the human brain. I find the hypothesis unconvincing because it addresses only the sociology of religion, not the underlying question of the existence of God. Also, it ignores the hypotheses: 1) that the sociology started because a real, objectively existent God communicated with humans and 2) having a brain module capable of communicating with an objectively existent God has selection advantages and could/would evolve.  Creationists often say that too, that God uses material processes.   No, they don't. They have God operating only in the absence of material processes. Creationism is god-of-the-gaps theology. In fact, since creationists reject evolution as a possible means that God created, they actually say that material processes exclude God. In that regard, they are exactly like atheists.  The difference seems to be that creationists question the humans who represent science when they make claims that much or all of the book of Genesis is false.   And this just shows that creationists are worshipping a book. Their god -- a literal Genesis -- is threatened.  Theistic evolutionists seem to routinely accept human claims over Biblical claims without question. The Bible plainly warns about that, and there is no complex interpretation questions about those warnings.   But creationists accept extrabiblical evidence over Biblical claims. For instance, no creationist says that the whole world was enrolled as it says in Luke 2:1. Where in the Bible would they get the idea that not everyone was enrolled? No, they used extrabiblical evidence to know that Japanese, Inuits, and Zulus were not enrolled. But all of that contradicts Luke 2:1.  Give me the "warnings" and we'll see if they are as plain as you say. :)    You deleted the final sentence from my quote. This one "Atheism doesn't bother to distinguish between the two, and neither, apparently, does theistic evolution."   I left it out because it wasn't relevant. So walk me thru the "huge difference"  Are sonic imaging and amniocentisis "theories" in the same way that things like abiogenesis and religion "brain quirks" are?   Yes and no. Both are statements about the physical universe. That is what a theory/hypothesis is. Now, theories/hypotheses come in 3 subgroups: 1. Untested. 2. Supported. 3. Falsified.  Sonic imaging, amniocentesis, and abiogenesis are strongly supported theories. Not just "supported", but strongly supported. The first 2 are so strongly supported that they are regarded as (provisionally) fact. I think abiogenesis is in that same category, but many disagree with me. The new hypotheses on religion being a product only of the brain are mostly untested.   Yes I know, gravity is a theory too. Sonic imaging, gravity, religious brain quirks - there are many other "theories" atheists try to compare and confuse with their philosophy to try to make them indistinguishable. As a theistic evolutionlist, Miller doesn't seem to mind.   Some militant atheists are trying to make the religious brain quirks sound more supported than it is. Since we don't have Miller's comments on those theories, you can't honestly say "Miller doesn't seem to mind". That's false witness. Miller, and I, do not object to strongly supported theories like evolution, quantum mechanics, natural selection, etc. There's no point. God has spoken and it's hopeless to argue with Him. I've already noted my scientific objections to the new hypotheses on the origin of religion. I'll wait for more data before making a final decision.  "Creationists deny God"...."Creationism denies Christian theology" - atheist proclamations that you have thus far failed to back up.  Those are Christian proclamations. And yes, I have backed them up. You simply have ignored what I've said.  My interpretation tells me they ARE Biblical, and plenty of credentialed Christian theologians agree with me. Your interpretation tells you that they are non Biblical, and you have plenty of atheist company.   So name some. Name the Biblical verses. I can name a few of my own: Elaine Pagels, Rev. Gregory Neal. Also, go look at Job. Satan isn't God's adversary there. He's God's betting buddy. He is an "adversary", but in Hebrew that means he's the prosecuting attorney for humans. He's working on God's side and on God's behalf.  Theistic evolution doesn't seem to fall anywhere near the halfway point between creation and atheism, does it?  You just confused two terms: creation and creationism. Theistic evolution is on the side of creation. Where did you get the idea that theistic evolution was supposed to be "halfway" between creationism and atheism? That's absurd.   [quote]You've indicated that you believe the Bible to be a "false idol". From the "help me out here" thread;  "But you cannot believe in a god of a literal inerrant Bible and accept evolution. However, as a Christian I don't have any problem with that. After all, if your god is a literal inerrant Bible you are worshipping a false idol. "  Read what I wrote. Marc, seriously, this discussion goes better if your reading comprehension is up to standard. I never said "the Bible is a false idol". Instead, I said a literal inerrant Bible . The Bible is not God. "literal inerrant" refers to a human way to read the Bible. It's not the way the Bible is meant to be read, as told us by Jesus, Paul, and God.    Lucaspa: I don't agree with a literal interpreation of that part of scripture, but then scripture itself tells me not to take it literally.   Chapter and verse?   I was referring to Genesis 1-3. If I take it literally, Genesis 1 contradicts with Genesis 2-3. So, the text itself tells us that a literal interpretation is not correct. Truth cannot contradict truth (that's a basic Christian doctrine).   Each Christian denomination has varying views of what is "literal" and how it's to be applied to everyday life. All that can get complicated, but the simple fact that theistic evolution doesn't seem concerned enough about it to define it's beliefs through it's own denomination makes one wonder how concerned it really is about theisim - how it's followers seem to be content to do the same things on Sunday mornings that atheists do.  First, you skipped the point! I said "Sorry, a literal interpretation of the Bible is not "God's word". That you think so shows how much you do not worship God." A literal interpreation is just a human idea.  Second, theistic evolutionists DON'T do the same things on Sunday mornings that atheists do. They go to church. If you are Rev. McCosh, you LEAD worship services. Atheists never do that.  Second, why do you think theistic evolution needs its own denomination? There are no applications of theistic evolution in everyday life. Believing God used the processes discovered by science says nothing about whether we are saved by grace alone or whether we need works. It says nothing about whether you should say "trespasses" or "debts" in the Lord's prayer or what type of church governance you like.  "Fundies believe like atheists" - interesting. Atheists often use the somewhat derogatory term "fundies". You use it too, yet you seem to have no derogatory term for atheists.   You didn't quote the whole sentence! "Fundies believe like atheists: if there are material causes, then God is absent."  You never bothered to deny the truth of that. You can't. After all, you think that evolution means God is absent. Yet that is just what atheists think! I can see why you want to try to distract the issue from the similarity of creationism and atheism, but you can't hide or run from it.  BTW, I don't need to use "Fundies" as derogatory term -- Fundamentalists is just as derogatory. "Fundie" just happens to be shorter. The atheist equivalent of Fundies are "militant atheists".     Lucaspa "We accept what God says. You say "nature" is something that doesn't have God in it. "  Where did I say that? All Christianity sees God in nature.   Evolution and abiogenesis don't have God in them, do they? According to you, that is. You don't allow God to create by "natural" processes, do you?   Lucaspa: "But who created nature? God, right? Therefore, nature is something God wrote. OTOH, humans wrote scripture. Even more, a literal interpretation is done by humans. So, when we have something God did vs something humans say about God, Miller and I choose God."  But you and Miller are humans too. Very convienient how you can make God whatever you want him to be.   No, we can't. The universe is what it IS, not what Miller and I want it to be. We find out what the universe really is. Which means we are finding out how God really created, not trying to tell God how He created, like creationists do. And if Miller and I are wrong, God (the physical universe) will tell us. Who tells you that your literal interpretation of the Bible is wrong? Well, God in the text and God in creation, but you don't listen to God.   Who is Calvin?  John Calvin. Major Christian theologian, contemporary of Martin Luther, one of the founders of Protestantism in general and the Reformed Tradition in particular. Are you that ignorant of Christian theology and history that you don't recognize the name Calvin? Guess so. Even more evidence that you are not a Christian.   And you seem to be saying that personal beliefs influencing science are the exception rather than the rule. I have a different view about human frailty - I'm learning how theistic evolution undermines the basic way of reading the Bible, and how it makes sin largely meaningless. The reality of sin is basic in theology.   1. Yes, because whatever our personal beliefs, we still have to test our ideas against God's Creation. God doesn't care about our personal beliefs. He is Truth.  2. The "basic" way of reading the Bible is NOT your way. You don't even use the "basic way" most of the time.  3. How does it make sin meaningless. Actually, evolution explains sin and why we all sin. Sin is an inevitable by-product of how God created us. Genesis 2-3 explained sin in theological terms. Evolution gives the biological basis and why all humans sin.  I have to go now. I'll do the rest some other time. This is probably enough to set you frothing at the mouth as it is. Don't want to give you a coronary.
No, evolution is not a belief. It's a scientific theory. And scientists do not analyze "behind closed doors". In fact, just what you speculate has been in the press in recent weeks -- which is where you got it. It is being hypothesized that religion is a product of the evolution of the human brain. I find the hypothesis unconvincing because it addresses only the sociology of religion, not the underlying question of the existence of God. Also, it ignores the hypotheses: 1) that the sociology started because a real, objectively existent God communicated with humans and 2) having a brain module capable of communicating with an objectively existent God has selection advantages and could/would evolve. I hope you won't mind my butting in.  You appear to be suggesting that we are offered a choice between two possible explanations of humankind's drive to believe in the supernatural and numinous: 1) the Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert view, that such beliefs, even though without objective foundation, conferred adaptive value on populations that developed them and were selected accordingly; and 2) that the beliefs conferred adaptive value because they allowed communication with an objectively existent deity.  Since the adaptive value is real and tangible either way, Occam's razor suggests we should accept the simpler version - the one without the objectively existent god. Why add a superfluous factor to an already complete hypothesis?
There are only two references to Sagan in the index, pages 194 and 221. Trying page 194 first, we find that quote! Now read what I said again; ...My point in quoting it was that it was a Godless, secular paragraph that Sagan as an atheist proclaimed, and Miller as a theistic evolutionist heartily agrees with. The paragraph covered amemia, polio, etc, but left out abortion, embryonic stem cell research etc. Another coincidence?   The chapter is entitled "Beyond Materialism". You have not read the book, because you are ignoring the context and the argument. Let's go back to page 191, the end of the last chapter. Miller is talking about Lewontin's famous Lewontin quote "To appeal to an omnipotent deity is to allow that at any moment the regularities of nature may be ruptured, that miracles may happen." As I said, Lewontin was being sarcastic in that quote and criticizing Sagan's philosophical materialism. But Miller decides to take it seriously.  "But Lewontin has misssed something, something important. What if the regularities of nature were fashioned in a way that they themselves allowed for the divine? What if the logical connections he makes between materialism and atheism are flawed? What if the very foundations that sem to lock evolution and religion into conflict were built upon suspect ground? In other words, what if the gods of disbelief were false?"  The next 2 chapters is where Miller answers those questions on the side of theism.  Now, after the Sagan quote on page 94, you need to read the context of the rest of the chapter. Miller goes on to describe classical physics and the implications of that   "Science has shown that material mechanisms, not spirits, were behind the reality of nature. ... Could there be anything left for God to do?"  Miller spends the rest of the chapter showing "yes, there is". He describes classical physics and the implications for deism. He then describes quantum mechanics and spends a lot of time showing its implications for theism.  pg 201 "there is a pattern to these uncertainties [at the quantum level], and those patterns account for the fact that the universe seems pretty orderly to us. Although we cannot predict the outcomes of individual events with any certainty, the overall outcomes of thousands of such events fall into very predictable patterns."  But what you really want is on page 213: "Committed atheists like Richard Dawkins would attack with ridicule any suggestion that room for the work of a Deity can be found in the physical nature of reality. But Dawkins' personal skepticism no more disproves the existence of God than the creationists' incredulity is an argument against evolution. What matters is the straightforward, factuazl, strictly scientific recognition that matter in the universe behaves in such a way that we can never achieve complete knowledge of any fragment of it, and life itself is structured in a way that allows biological history to pivot directly on these tiny uncertainties. That ought to allow even the most critical scientist to admit that the breaks in causality at the atomic level make it fundamentally impossible to exclude the idea that what we have really caught a glimpse of might indeed reflect the mind of God."   Miller , on pp 214-215, is talking about you, Marc:  "Ironically, anti-evolutionists, just like the extreme materialists, seem to work in an intellectual world uninformed by modern physics. To their way of thinking, scientific materialism necessarily implies a complete, causal, mechanistic description of natural reality. They have seen the profound success of biology in providing material explanations for the nature of life, and they are worried. ... "see each new materialist, scientific explanation for a natural phenomenon as a retreat for the primacy of God. ... In this respect, they are the unlikely and unwitting allies of vigorous atheists like Dawkins, Provine, and Lewontin who would agree enthusiastically that a complete success for materialistic science condemns any search for God to ultimate failure."  Miller doesn't agree with you and Dawkins, Marc.   You can see why and how in the section "A Science of Belief". Read it, Marc. And then read chapter 8 "The Road Back Home". Try the first paragraph on page 243.  You seem concerned that Sagan did not mention ES cell research, abortion, and other unnamed things. First, while mouse ES cells were isolated in 1970, it was not until 1998 that human ES cells were isolated and cultured. So there was no ES cell "debate" when Sagan wrote Demon Haunted Woodland. Nor is there any uncertainty in how to isolate and culture ES cells.  The abortion issue is not a scientific one. Yes, abortions are doable and safe. Pregnancies can be safely (for the mother) terminated at any stage. But I see no reason for Sagan to mention that. Sagan was talking about treatments and diagnostic techniques. There are thousands of them, all as reliable as amniocentesis and the ones Sagan mentioned. He couldn't list them all.  The Bible was written over a period of fourteen hundred years, over forty generations, by over forty authors, from all walks of life, written on three continents. There are many things in it that I don't like. But since I'm not God, it's not my call to twist it to suit myself.  But you DO twist the Bible to suit yourself. That's what we've seen in all your posts. You admit it was written over a 1400 year period, but you never consider what it meant to the people at the time a particular book was written. All you are concerned about is what you want the Bible to mean, not what it actually means.  Since you don't think God talks to you, yes, you do set the Bible up as your false idol and worship it. You can't stand any possibility that it's not 100% accurate.  What's the difference between material causes and secondary causes?   You were labeling some primary causes as secondary causes, i.e, the formation of the universe. You were also saying that God zapping the first cell was a secondary cause. The term "secondary cause" refers to the material causes.   Atheists don't believe material causes are "secondary causes" because they don't believe there is a deity to use material causes. For theists, the material causes discovered by science are the secondary causes God used to create. Does that clear up the confusion for you?  "Live and let live", by helping atheists "separate church and state", and politically fight creationists every step of the way? Do you think atheists are being discriminated against in the U.S.?   Fighting creationists is helping theism. Creationism is the most destructive idea to hit Christianity since the Manichean and Gnostic heresies -- and creationism invokes both of those!  Yes, I think the US government does have remnants of an unintentional, but still unfair establishment of theism as a religion.   And God speaks to you through evolution, the same evolution that atheists use to proclaim that there is no God?  God speaks thru His Creation. Christianity has always held that God has "two books". One is Creation. So what if atheists proclaim evolution shows God does not exist? Does that make them right? NO! They are not right about that. Anymore than creationists are right that God created by creationism.   A general concensus from all around the internet puts the percentages of atheistic biological scientists in the high 90's.  Sorry, but the data from scientific studies disproves that. Witham and Larson's survey was half from biological fields and they got 40% of all scientists are theists -- by a very conservative definition. That is not possible if 90% of biologists are atheists.  Also, Gould is adamant that at least 50% of evolutionary biologists are theists. The "consensus" is by atheists trying to cook the data. Why do you believe them?  Can you or Mr. Johnson explain why Richard Dawkins book, The BLIND watchmaker, sold so well? Apparently, millions of book readers prove Mr. Johnson wrong, don't they?   Nearly all of The Blind Watchmaker discusses the reality and mechanism of evolution. Dawkins references to religion amount to about 5 sentences in the book. Evolution is a fascinating topic, which is why the book sold so well.  And no, the popularity of the book has nothing to do with Johnson being right or wrong. Johnson wasn't denying that Dawkins was correct about the effect of evolution on atheism. Dawkins is correct on that. Evolution by natural selection made atheism, for the first time, a rational faith. But it by no means makes it obligatory to be an atheist. That is also correct.  If half his colleagues can't see how Dawkins, Wilson, Dennett, Lewontin, Sagan, Gould, and many other prominent atheist evolutionists affect politics, they really are enormously stupid.  Gould wasn't discussing politics. Here, let me give you the sentence you apparently can't read for yourself:  "Either half my colleagues are enormously stupid, or else the science of Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs" The data show that evolution is not atheistic but is compatible with theism.   He can show "God to intervene", Miller can heap praise on him, and he and allllllllll theistic evolutionists can chuckle about together, can't they?   Why aren't you chuckling? Don't you find it amusing that such a militant atheist who claims evolution absolutely excludes God can write of a method where God can influence evolution and not be detected?  Oh, that's right. It destroys your vision of Dawkins as the devil and totally against religion.   I can't find that statement - it's NOT ON page 252. I don't remember seeing the word "secondary" anywhere in the book. It may have been in there, but I'd like for you to show me where there was a detailed description .  It was on page 255. Is all theistic evolution this precise? ... You got that page number right!!   It's page 252, in the middle of the page. I just re-checked. I think you made a mistake in looking at page numbers. Before you try to get too self-righteous, you might remember the parable on dust motes, logs, and eyes.  I never claimed Miller made a "detailed description of "primary" and "secondary" causes". You are making a strawman. I simply claimed that Miller discussed what are, in other terms, secondary causes.  And this one from the same page, if you wouldn't have quoted it, I sure would have!! So only evolutionists, not Bible scholars, are capable of giving God credit and power!!   1. Miller didn't say that what you said. Miller said ""The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves." Now, Bible scholars can embrace evolution. And those who deny evolution can still give God "credit and power", but not what "He truly deserves". IOW, creationists fall short of giving God the appropriate credit.  2. You and Biblical literalists are not "Bible scholars".    Again, not on page 252 - maybe you have a hardcover with slightly different page numbers than mine. But I'll belive you that it's in there somewhere. The question is, why would the same reason and evidence and conclusions lead one observer to believe that "God has fashioned", and another observer (Dawkins)to believe that "blindness" has fashioned?   1. I made a typo mistake on the page number.  2. Because Dawkins and Miller have different evidence. Part of that is evidence within science. As Miller shows, Dawkins is not considering the effect of quantum mechanics. He is basing his argument on science and God on the deterministic view of the 19th century. But the major part of the difference in evidence is evidence from outside science. The real evidence for theism does not come from science. It's rooted in personal experience that lies outside science. Miller (and I) trust the personal experience of the people in the Bible. Not a literal reading, but the general and essential claims: God spoke to Moses and engineered the Exodus, God communicated with David, Solomon, and helped Israel, Jesus lived, died, and was Resurrected, Paul had a genuine experience on the road to Damascus, etc. Miller may also have personal experience of God; he doesn't say so outright because it is not appropriate to this book.   Dawkins doesn't have personal experience of God and Dawkins doesn't accept the accounts of other people, including those in the Bible.  I don't think I'm wrong about your not reading the book. I think you skimmed the book to find passages that supported your preconceived viewpoint. You supported my theory when you said "And this one from the same page, if you wouldn't have quoted it, I sure would have". If you'd known about the quote, you would have used it. I don't think you found it until I made you read the page searching for the quote I posted.  [quote] Lucaspa: "How? How can the human do anything about God?"  By convincing millions of readers that he doesn't exist - that a "Blind Watchmaker" is responsible for our existance."  ROFL! And that is going to make a difference "about" God? You really think God is going to disappear if a few millions of readers decide not to believe in Him? Do you think He will stop loving people as much? All I can say is that your god is very trivial. I'm so very glad that God is not like that at all.  St. Augustine wasn't inspired by God the same way the Biblical authors were.   How do you know? But even so, that isn't saying Augustine is wrong, is it? So, your comment is irrelevant. Besides, you haven't read Augustine, have you? This is just an excuse not to look up something that shows your arguments to be wrong. :)    But they don't "take them to task", do they?  Please, read all my response before you start to post. As you found out, Dawkins and company are "taken to task"   And I don't have quite that many fingers to count the thousands and thousands of Sagan, Wilson, Dawkins, lovers and parroters that today's universities publically funded science departments are saturated with. You need to read more David Horowitz.   What specifically of Horowitz do you want me to read? I haven't encountered these "thousands and thousands" in my 30 years in university science departments. Or at meetings. The overwhelming majority of scientists keep their personal beliefs to themselves.   It's not making it to the NY Times front page though, is it? It's not making any headway in changing how it's taught in public schools, is it?   1. The scientists have no control whether their comments make it to the NY Times frontpage. By this complaint you admit that your idea is falsified. BTW, part of Scott's "taking to task" was published in the scientifically prestigious "New York Academy of Science" journal  2. You need to document that evolution is being taught as atheism in public schools. This is a continual complaint by creartionists but, despite my repeated requests, not one can document a case.  And yes, Eugenie Scott's complaint did change how evolution was defined by the BSC for public school science teachers.   " In late 1995, the National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT) issued a statement to its members and the public concerning the importance of evolution to biology teaching. Part of the statement defined evolution:  The diversity of life on earth is the result of evolution: an unsupervised, impersonal, unpredictable and natural process of temporal descent with genetic modification that is affected by natural selection, chance, historical contingencies and changing environments.  Shortly after this statement appeared, I began to see letters to the editor from around the country decrying the "atheism" of the NABT. Anti-evolutionists like Phillip Johnson included broadsides against NABT in their writings. As one Christian said to me, defining evolution as "unsupervised" and "impersonal" implied to many Americans that "God had nothing to do with it and life has no meaning." Reflecting these public concerns, two distinguished theologians, Cornell's Huston Smith and Notre Dame's Alvin Plantinga, wrote a polite letter to NABT's board of directors, asking it to delete the two words "unsupervised" and "impersonal".They specifically noted that the use of the two words "has two unfortunate and unin tended consequences. It gives aid and comfort to extremists in the religious right for whom it provides a legitimate target. And because of its logical vulnerability; it lowers Americans' respect for scientists and their place in our culture." When the NABT's board convened at its annual meeting in Minneapolis in October 1997, members' initial reaction was that creationists were trying to get them to change the statement, and they weren't about to knuckle under to that sort of pressure. They voted at the end of a 9-hour meeting, after only a brief discussion, not to change the statement. Why is this story relevant to my receiving this award? You may be surprised to hear that after I arrived at the NABT meeting, I encouraged the board to do as the theologians asked and drop "unsupervised" and "impersonal". I'm pleased to say that the board did discuss the issue at greater length and ultimately altered the statement by dropping the two words."  Who makes that determination? Blind watchmaker Dawkins, or God fearing Miller? Neither of their beliefs is a threat to science?   Both Miller and Dawkins agree that creationism is a threat to science. So do all scientists, of whatever worldview. Miller's beliefs are certainly not a threat to science. Atheism, per se, is also not a threat to science. However, Dawkins' attempts to get science to "prove" his belief is true is a threat to science.   Show me where (page numbers - if they're close I'll find them) where Miller addresses SIN in any detailed way.  The "detail" you were initially referring to was "secondary causes" and science being compatible and supporting theism. That is done in detail in Chapters 7 and 8.   "The God of the Bible, even the God of Genesis, is a Deity fully consistent with what we know of the scientific reality of the modern world ... What we have learned from science explains, for the first time in human history, how God could have solved the the overpowering logical problems of His divine nature by creating for us a distinctive world of meaning and sustance." pg 258  "To some, the murderous reality of human nature is proof that God is absent or dead. The same reasoning would find God missing from the unpredictable fits and turns of an evolutionary tree. But the truth is deeper. In each case, a Deity determined to establish a world that was truly independent of His whims, a world in which intelligent creatures would face authentic choices between good and evil, would have to fashion a distinct, material reality and then let His creation run. Neither the self-sufficiency or nature nor the reality of evil in the world mean God is absent. To a religious person, both signify something quite different -- the strength of God's love and the reality of our freedom as His creatures." pg 269  You seem to be acknowledging that, because you are now introducing a new topic: whether Miller discusses sin. I don't see the relevance. Please walk me thru why you think this is critical.  Miller doesn't say the word "sin" as far as I can see, but he does talk about it indirectly when he talks about "grace".  "There is no scientific way to describe the spiritual concept of grace, which makes it less than real to an absolute materialist. To a believer, grace is as real as the presence of God Himself. Do Darwin's revelations -- the discoveries that locate the sources of human passions in survival mechanisms -- contradict the reality of grace? Not in the least. To a believer, grace is a gift from God that enables us to place our lives in their proper context -- not by denying our biological heritage, but by using it in His service." pg 280.   .
I hope you won't mind my butting in.  You appear to be suggesting that we are offered a choice between two possible explanations of humankind's drive to believe in the supernatural and numinous: 1) the Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert view, that such beliefs, even though without objective foundation, conferred adaptive value on populations that developed them and were selected accordingly; and 2) that the beliefs conferred adaptive value because they allowed communication with an objectively existent deity.  Since the adaptive value is real and tangible either way, Occam's razor suggests we should accept the simpler version - the one without the objectively existent god. Why add a superfluous factor to an already complete hypothesis?  Because Ockham's Razor 1) isn't formulated the way you said and 2) if it is, the Razor doesn't tell us which hypothesis is correct. The simplest hypothesis is NOT always correct. Or even 50% of the time.  The Razor originally had nothing to do with hypotheses. Instead, William of Ockham was saying "don't include explanations (hypotheses) in the description of phenomenon"  So, the Razor statement would be "religious beliefs conferred adaptive value on human populations" Period. Done with story. Both "by conferring cohesion coopertivity within the population" (Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert) and "by communication with deity that advised the population" are violations of the Razor.
The Razor originally had nothing to do with hypotheses. Instead, William of Ockham was saying "don't include explanations (hypotheses) in the description of phenomenon" Wikipedia: 'Occam's razor states that the explanation of any phenomenon should make as few assumptions as possible...'. It may well be the case that Occam's Razor is now applied in ways he did not envisage, and that applying his name to such usages is just a convenient shorthand. That he himself might not have recognised its application in this instance does not render that application invalid. So, the Razor statement would be "religious beliefs conferred adaptive value on human populations" Period. Done with story. Both "by conferring cohesion coopertivity within the population" (Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert) and "by communication with deity that advised the population" are violations of the Razor. Not if one is demonstrable and the other conjectured.
If you look at the Occam's Razor thread, you will notice that this has already been covered. So it has. I seem to be making a habit of this recently. Evidently the Alzheimer's is beginning to bite.
Diest Answer: God's not here and hasn't been for 15 billion years Christian Answer: Suffering and unhappiness are the methods for God to test the faith of its followers.
A eternity of the same thing.   That scares me.   I suppose that would sound great to a manatee.
** IMHO. threads such as this one, discussing the theology and philosophy and cosmolgy of 'god's existence' belong in some other forum, not in this one. This forum, at least as I understood it, is for debating the causal explanations given for the origins and evolution of earthly lifeforms.
 Anyway, my questions are these:  WW and SS and marc, etc. feel that scientific thought about evolution is highly flawed.  1. Are there any other branches of science (other than evolutionary biology) that you feel are flawed? 2. If not, why do you think that scientists would selectively err in only a single branch of science. What would be their incentive?  ** Speaking strictly for myself as an evolutionist, and not a creationist, I cannot speak on any other science, but I know beyond doubt that the geneticist, chance-based, 'darwinian' explanation for the fact of evolution is nothing but hokum.  And the answer to question two is that that bogus 'theory' is necessary to the religion of atheism that is founded upon the metaphysic of materialist/mechanist/positivist/physicalist/naturalist ontolology and cosmology.  Any threat to 'darwinism' is, therefore, as much a threat to any atheistic and materialist true-believer's sense of identity as any threat to 'the bible'/torah/koran is a threat to any fundamentalist abrahamic true-believer's sense of identity.  Shake those beliefs and you shake their entire worlds.
 WOW. That's one heck of a generalization.   For it to have any merit whatsoever requires that anyone who believes in the theory of evolution is also an atheist. This is clearly not true.   ** If by 'theory of evolution' you do not equivocate and actually intend the fact of evolution, but rather, do honestly refer to the chance-based darwinian RMNS notion, then I disagree. I believe that anyone who truly believes in and is committed to promoting the "RMNS" darwinian explanation must be, like Richard Dawkins, "an intellectually fulfilled atheist".  Certainly most people accept 'evolution' per se. The OP stats for the USA, I suspect, apply not to 'evolution' in se, but rather to the darwinian RMNS explanation for it. Whether that is the case or not, there is absolutely no law in science that a person doing a certain job has to pay more than lip service to any metaphysical postulate seemingly required for the job. If RC priests can spend their adult lives saying mass, hearing confessions, and buggering little boys, then its no big deal for biologists, let alone any other scientist, to just pay the required obsequities to RMNS, stuff it on a mental back-shelf, and just get on with what they do everyday.  Those people who are truly committed psychologically to RMNS darwinism are those like P.Z. Myers, Richard Hoppe, Nick Manke(??), Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennet, et al, who constantly evangelise the notion everywhere they can, including message boards like this one, IIDB, Panda's Thumb, and others. And they are all committed atheists. Evangelical atheists.   Whether or not you can accept this fact is of no moment to me. It's still a fact.   It also implies that all T of E supporters are part of a vast and extremely organized worldwide conspiracy to forward this atheistic agenda. That also is clearly a completely untenable position to hold.  ** No, it is not. No-one who fits the description I've just given is exempt. And it does not have to be a "conspiracy", since the evangelical atheist movement is actually quite open and unapologetic about their agendum. No conspiracy there.   Is that truly the best response to the posed questions that you could come up with?   ** It's a hell of a lot more substantive than the rhetorical questions and raised eyebrows that are all you've been able to muster.   I look forward to hearing what some other "creationists" here will have to say, though I fear this is about as good as it's gonna get.  Waxy  ** Well, I suspect that's probably your best, anyway. Come back if you've ever got something real to contribute, waxy.
 walking-fish: Mutation is considered to be "chance-based", but natural selection is much more directed by differential reproductive rates.  ** This is nonsense. Differential reproduction rates are the effect of superior adaptability in those cases where adaptation is necessitated by environmental circumstance. They "direct" nothing but statistical trends.   So Darwinism is not completely "chance-based".   ** So you say, but on the basis of the nonsense that precedes your claim. And even then it's a vacuous non sequitur, since in fact there is no 'direction', as professed by darwinists themselves, anywhere in their 'natural selection'.   The only reason that mutations are assumed to be random is that an intelligent, teleological agent or cause has not yet been shown to exist.   ** Balderdash. Where the heck did you get this notion from? Fisher and Haldane knew exactly what they were talking about when they introduced the notion of 'random' genetic mutations. It was their way of insisting that, although there was nothing mechanical about evolution, there was nothing intentional or directed, either. A strictly metaphysical postulate that had nothing to back it up but their own materialist/atheist beliefs.   Even at that, the fact that there are plenty of duplicated genes available for mutation, and the fact that there are many neutral mutations which could be selected for, if conditions favor them, it is not at all certain that the odds are against evolution proceeding by these mechanisms.  ** More theoretical speculation. This variation on what I call "the Magick of Great Big Numbers" being that genotypes save up gazillions of different alleles, all set to be 'selected' when and if environmental circumstances warrant. This is nonsensical, since only by sheer blind random chance would 'the right one' of a gazillion allelic options be realised in any particular local event. That's not science. That's saying that survivors survive because they won a lottery against worse odds then you'll ever waste $10 bucks on.  But the fact of rapid adaptation in nature makes that look just plain stupid, anyway.   I'm not a statistician, but I doubt if it is even possible to calculate the odds for a nearly infinite number of possiblities. So, I say the jury is still out about the the lack of probability for darwinian mechanisms to account for evolution.  ** You can say what you please, but don't be offended if some of us can see that your beliefs are irrational.    If wascallywabbit can show me otherwise, I'd like to see the evidence.  ** Read, and be enlightened. :)    Theistic evolution is a perfectly tenable position that is consistent with darwinism, and with belief in God. Even Intelligent Design can theoretically be consistent with darwinism, by positing that the Designer directs the nature and timing of mutations. So, your attempt at equating darwinism with a materialistic, atheistic world view is flawed.  ** If your "god" is irrationally conceived of as a magician for whom nothing is impossible, and so is a god for whom logic, reason, sanity, and integrity are of no concern, then yes, you can believe in a god who left the creation of the universe, life, and all the wonders of our biosphere, strictly to chance.  OTH, if you believe in a G*D that is limited and constrained by its own essential nature, so that it cannot create laws and regularities out of some sense of whimsy, but rather, only out of the constraints of its own nature, then there is no way that you can logically square that G*D with the RMNS notion.  Like all the universe, biological evolution is either rational, lawful, limited, constrained and directed by universal forces, or it is an illusion. I happen to believe my eyes and ears, and accept its reality. Therefore I cannot accept either the irrational chance-based, "anything-is-possible" fantasy of RMNS darwin, nor the irrational fantasy of an all-powerful, "He can do anything!" magician god.
For anyone who hasn't read this book, here's a summary of it:  Michael Behe is a molecular biologist. He can't explain how these complex molecular machines could have evolved. Therefore, they cannot have evolved. QED.
**  Ah, moose, uhmm, I wouldn't call anybody a "maroon" if I could not, all by myself, count at least as high as four.   thelmoose  "Quote: 2 questions: how do you account for the overwhelming acceptance of evolution?   why is it the other scientists are trustworthy. Do the evolutionary sciences select for a certain type of person.  Does your religious belief have any influence on your lack of acceptance of evolution.  Why shouldn't numerology be allowed in the science classroom? "    Or, more recently;  "2 questions:  If you trust the scientific method in the rest of science, and you feel the processes are sound, how do you account for the overwhelming acceptance of evolution? I mean, are the scientists whose field may involve evolution unique in their lack of integrity and are singularly foolish in endorsing evolution by natural selection?  If the "evolutionists" are shills (for whom I am not clear), why is it the other scientists are trustworthy.(sic) Do the evolutionary sciences select for a certain type of person.(sic) Does your religious belief have any influence on your lack of acceptance of evolution.(sic)   See, now that's four and five questions (even without question marks), isn't it? And doesn't that make you a "maroon" who can't correctly count the number of his own inane and irrelevent rhetorical questions?   I know nothing of marc's stance on religion, including the RC Church, but I'd feel safe betting that you yourself are a committed evangelical atheist of the Richard Dawkins variety. Am I right? So what special dispensation do you have, that you feel free to proselytize atheism in science class? Do you really think you advance "science", and not materialist atheism, when you promote the magical cosmology of "spontaneous generation", using RMNS darwinism? As if RMNS were an empirical observation, instead of the metaphysical postulate, i.e., statement of faith, that it truly is?
 My atheism is irrelevant here.  ** No, actually it's essential to these debates. You'd like to pretend to the world that the dewbate over darwinian evolution is a case of, "science versus superstition". If that were the truth darwinian evolution would have won in a walk many decades past. But that is not the truth. Not even close.  The truth is that RMNS is not science at all, and the only reason anmyone promotes it is because it is a basic underpinning for materialist/mechanist atheism. The notion of "spontaneous generation" is its fundamental superstition.   I would never suggest proselytizing atheism in science class as it had nothing to do with science.  ** Don't kid yourself. Everytime you promote the superstion of RMNS, you evangelize atheism, with its cosmology of meaningless, directionless, absurd "creation by lucky accident" premise. You can del;ude yourself into believing that your beliefs, yourc worldview, have no bearing on your cool, objective, 'scientific' analysis of reality, but you are the only one you're fooling.    I do not promote spontaneous generation.  ** More self-delusion. Random accidental genetic mutation as the source, coincidentally, of coincidentally adaptive trait expression, is pure 'spontaneous generation', as even your own people, those that are honest, admit. So is abiogenesis.  [quote] Random mutations and evolution through natural selection of variation secondary to those mutations have often been observed.[/quo9te]   ** The only true part of that assertion is the trivial observation that some organisms, on some rare occasions, sometimes seem to multiply, or diminish, their offspring, statistically. Usually for quite different local causes that have nothing to do with any universal scientific principle. A fact that was quite possibly noted by the more intelligent dinosaurs just before a meteor "naturally selected" them all. The big, the small, the long and the short and the tall.    Faith has nothing to do with it.  ** Just keep on telling yourself that. Better yet, convert others to that belief. It will afford you temporary respite from the discomfort of your cognitive dissonance. The dissonance that arises when your thinking brain tries to reconcile the fact that there is no empirical support for the 'spontaneous generation plus luck' of RMNS, and your need to believe that this material universe is all there is.  Hey, I'm not trying to convert you to anything. The difference between me and the darwinists and creationists arguing their faiths in this forum is that I belong to neither camp, and am so totally convinced of my own cosmology that I feel not the slightest impulse to convert anyone else to my POV. No cognitive dissonance in my corner.
.......To listen to any evidence that might contradict it.  ** And you know that...how, exactly?   What is the difference between your arguments and a creationist's?  ** If something that plain and direct has yet to penetrate your skull after all posts to this forum, it never will, no matter what.   You seem to attack evolutionary theory on the same basis that creationists do,  ** Really? What basis would that be, in your opinion?   using arguments that seem well countered  ** There, now you've actually said somrthing funny!!   (as I've said before the fact you retreat into insult and insinuation when confronted hardly makes your arguments stronger).  ** Tell that to your own crew.   You seem convinced that evolutionary theory is linked to athesim, like a creationist (it's not true, but there you go).  ** RMNS and darwinism are welded to atheism. Always have been, ever since Darwin and Huxley. I'm right about that, you're wrong about that; even the creationists are right about that much. So, what else is new?    Your theory of vitality draws upon a mystical unseen force, like a creationist.  ** So, to you, gravity, electro-magnetism, the weak and strong atomic forces, energy, inertia, mass, and on and on are all "mystical unseen forces", right? After allm they must be 'mystical' if you can't see them, touch them, smell them, taste them, or hear them coming--right? Goofy materialism.    And you scream EAC, or scientific bias, when you can't find facts to support your theory.  ** I never scream. I do roar, once in while. I do not know what this "EAC" is. And you don't have clam's clue what my theory is, anyway.   I don't really know what you mean.  ** That's more than a little obvious.   You seem to be saying that people use 'spontaneous generation' to support their own mindsets. Could you possibly elaborate?  ** Already have. Re-read until you achieve understanding, or your brain catches fire, whichever comes first.   I don't personally have to console myself about the universe, but maybe you could tell me how you think it happens.  ** I have no idea what you mean by "console myself about the universe". But I'm glad to hear that you don't have to do it.  Personally I believe that this universe is rational, law-abiding, and information rich. I can find no rational reason to believe that that which is rational and informative is the result of an irrational, spontaneous, random event. But you can stick to that notion if you like. Just don't try to evangelize it in schools by pretending it's "science", using RMNS darwinism as your wedge into kids' mindsets and belief systems.
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  So, to you, gravity, electro-magnetism, the weak and strong atomic forces, energy, inertia, mass, and on and on are all "mystical unseen forces", right?   Can you explain how theism fits into the above scientific fields?  ** You're the one who brought up "mystical unseen forces", so you explain yourself. It's your asseertion, not mine.    Please explain in detail why biological evolution is atheistic while gravity, electro-magnetism, the weak and strong atomic forces, energy, inertia, mass and so on take your god into account.  ** You boys can't help but equivocate, can you? First e-lyte returns to the real definition of 'selection', and, in a complete about-face, pretends that it means the exact same thing in darwinspeak, i.e., 'natural selection', as it does in everyday English usage. Now you want to pretend that we were discussing "biological evolution", as if it were, and meant, the same thing as "RMNS darwinism". You must know that it does not, but, dishonestly, you insist upon the equivocation whenever it suits you. Just as e-lyte uses the dishonest equivocation of 'selection' as it suits him. All you darwinists do it. All the time. And it's just plain lying.    Can one be an atheistic nuclear physicist?  ** One could, of course. Anybody can be anything if they don't really think about it. But in contrast to darwinian biologists, a great many nuclear physicists are not atheists. Even fewer astronomers and cosmologists and astrophysicists are atheists. Atheism seems to cluster around RMNS darwinism. Take a look around. See any physicists debating the existence of "God" on these boards?   Please be specific about how your god fits in.  ** Why should I? You wouldn't understand it anyway. You want a clue? Take a look at Taoism and Hinduism, then go back to Heraklitus and work your way forward to the age of quantum mechanics. You might catch a glimpse of my cosmology and my sense of "G*D". But I very much doubt it.  As far as biology is concerned, my religious philosophy is coherent with my scientific philosophy, but you don't need the religion to grasp the science. As far as biological evolution is concerned, Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis is all you need to know about me.    You might also point out some errors in the study of nuclear physics that have come about by atheistic study of the topic and how correct theistic study corrects those errors.  ** Say what?!? I have no absolutely idea what it is that you are babbling about. Do you?!?   How would the study of biology change if you god were taken into account?  ** It doesn't need what you call, "my god", to save evolutionary biology from a phony pseudoscience that is built upon a supposed chain of serendipitous molecular accidents coincidentally and fortuitously coupled to local circumstance. It just requires biologists who are not blinded to empirical reality by their need to uphold a 19th century metaphysic.   What you are trying to do here is to somehow discredit my ideas by claiming that they are as religiously based as your own atheistic foundation. The idea being that anyone who does not attend your atheist church, is somehow deluded about reality. Talk about the arrogance of the 'true-believer'!! You guys are every bit as bad as the types that claim that everyone who doesn't parrot their peculiar dogma is going to 'burn in hell'. Ideologues are nasty, vicious clowns, no matter what their particular creed. __________________
** Speaking strictly for myself as an evolutionist, and not a creationist, I cannot speak on any other science, but I know beyond doubt that the geneticist, chance-based, 'darwinian' explanation for the fact of evolution is nothing but hokum.  And the answer to question two is that that bogus 'theory' is necessary to the religion of atheism that is founded upon the metaphysic of materialist/mechanist/positivist/physicalist/naturalist ontolology and cosmology.  Any threat to 'darwinism' is, therefore, as much a threat to any atheistic and materialist true-believer's sense of identity as any threat to 'the bible'/torah/koran is a threat to any fundamentalist abrahamic true-believer's sense of identity.  Shake those beliefs and you shake their entire worlds.  Thats absurd. Atheism is the absence of religion. How is the absence of religion a religion? Thats like saying black is a color, or wood is a metal. It makes no sense.
Thats absurd. Atheism is the absence of religion. How is the absence of religion a religion? Thats like saying black is a color, or wood is a metal. It makes no sense.  ** Wrong. As always.  "The noun atheism has 2 meanings:  Meaning #1: the doctrine or belief that there is no God Synonym: godlessness Antonym: theism (meaning #1) [bold added]   Meaning #2: a lack of belief in the existence of God or gods   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ** A "doctrine" is--  "A principle or body of principles presented for acceptance or belief, as by a religious, political, scientific, or philosophic group; dogma."  answers.com  Thus atheism is a dogmatic statement of belief, just like any other religion. Most people, BTW, know that by affixing the prefix 'a' to a word, you intend that word's contrary. As in, 'historical'/'ahistorical', 'typical'/'atypical', and 'theist/'atheist'.
We won't miss SleazySport.
Apparently it's not enough to point someone to the Encycopedia Britannica to answer a question. You have to write the encylopedia itself, preferably in words of one syllable. At least if you don't want to be subjected to a finger-pointing, name-calling, logic-free tantrum. Sheesh. This a debate?
Find me a spell check plugin for Firefox Liminus. I had one for IE before I switched over.   Frankly, I'm not surprised we're going to use that for police and military applications.  The Google toolbar for Firefox has a spell checker.  http://www.google.com/tools/firefox/toolbar/FT3/intl/en/   There also seems to be something called "spellbound"  http://spellbound.sourceforge.net/
urgh. Spellbound doesn't work with the updated version of firefox and I'm not installing any kind of toolbar. I do miss IEspell though.  The Newest version of firefox (2.0) seems to have a bulit in one  http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/2.0/releasenotes/
Exactly how are we supposed to take you seriously when you don't know what erosion is?
So do you think dinosaurs tasted just like chicken?
Probably, after all the only thing that doesn't taste like chicken is a bag of McNuggets.
Don't know if you know this, but Supersport (AKA "Butterfly Womb" man) has held to his ignorance concerning erosion over several threads (and on other forums as well, I believe). He doesn't know the first thing about geology.  Then again, if I remember correctly, he accepted the same Ica stones hoax that Archangel recently did on another thread, so I'm not suprised that he is so ignorant.   Oh, I'm well aware of SS's posting history. I've called him on this same issue a few times before. Sadly, he still does not understand a process as basic as erosion, despite it actually being explained to him a few times.
God may also have just lit the fuse and everything follows from there
** ........... since materialism is necessary to atheism. Without it we are forced to the conclusion that "Something" greater than everything we know or can know exists. But note, this "Something", which I tend to characterize as "G*D", or, "The LOGOS", need have very little resemblance to that anthropomophic old testament superhuman worshipped by creationists.   I assume you are aware of the source of the following quotation, and would be happy to associate your views with it?  "I believe in Spinoza's God, who reveals himself in the lawful harmony of all that exists, but not in a God who concerns himself with the fate and the doings of mankind."  James.
"Nothing can come of nothing" - according to Lear.  The principle of ex nihilo, nihil fit seems to be an intuitively self-evident and necessary truth: as such, it is not a truth over which God has any control. So if God creates out of nothing, how is this consistent with the apparent truth that nothing can come of nothing?  This intuitively obvious principle seems to threaten both the theist and the atheist. It's a problem for the atheist because if the universe had a beginning, it could not have come out of nothing and so appears to require a cause for its existence.   It is also a problem for the theist, since if the universe began to exist, it presumably did not come out of God, but was made by God as a distinct creation external to him. Not coming out of God, it came out of nothing - and how is that possible?  James.
THEY ARE NOT. THEY ARE SEEKING TO SUPPORT A PRECONCEIVED OUTCOME AND THAT ISN'T SCIENCE. IT'S A MANUFACTURED BELIEF SYSTEM.  how did you come to discover this conspiracy?
I was saved by God directly who led me to himself and filled me with his unconditional love.Sounds like a rush!  What other drugs are you into?
Archangel is obviously emotionally over invested here.  Any one works that hard even if its all cut and paste is utterly insane with this abnormal desperate need to prove to the world that his beliefs are correct.  This person should become an atheist for there own good.
You need to bear in mind that Gould was not much of a quantitative theoretician. He tended to argue his points in words and was often shall we say less than precisely coherent in mathematical terms.   Well, Gould was a science popularizer, after all, and anyone who writes for the general public is going to have to use lots more words than numbers. Chuck in a bunch of formulae, and you have your audience heading for the exits in droves. What you lose in precision, you gain in (at least general) comprehension.   Although it seems that in the case of some people (SS?) reducing the concepts to words of one syllable wouldn't help.
** That which we sometimes call 'god' does not 'live', but emanates life, along with every other quality that can exist. What G*D is and does is much greater than 'live'. As the sole existing entity, The One, The All, The LOGOS is the source of all things, without being the mere sum of all things and what we call living is just a corporeal, temporal glimpse of that source.  Would you consider it impertinent if I ask if you are Christian? If so, I will slink away . . . .
Unless you can prove that the Divine isn't derived from the mind of men, you are faced with the extreme likelihood that divine is material.  Thought, including emotive and inspirational forms, is coded as information. Information has been constructed as a material model. It has survived testing. It has been shown that information isn't limited by the laws of thermodynamics so it is separate from what physicists normally call material. Yet, information is submissive to treatment by scientific methodology.  I believe you are going to see auras, diviness, spirits, and their associated feelings treated by science.  Hang on.  Science can treat it, or say it does; but science cannot explain it. Claiming that everything is material doesn't make it so.   Of course, If I opt out of scientific principles, and proofs, and so on, I opt out of any chance of convincing anyone outside my belief circle. But so be it, if I am a believer.
Duck issue continued.  OK rabbit. The duck is alive at some point in time. You sever its head from its body and start a clock. Is it dead 1 nsec later? 1 second later? 1 minute later ....... When exactly does the duck in your opinion cease to be alive? And just why does it "die"? Is it because its "vitality" takes a powder and flees the body? Or does its chemistry simply wind down bit by bit till it no longer can carry out the necessary chemical and physical reactions?  Let's replace the duck with a person. Instead of chopping off the head, just smash it up a bit, so that the brain stops working, but keep the body hooked up to machines that pump blood and oxygen around. Is the person dead? Maybe 98% of its cellular matter is still living. You could pop whole, living organs into other bodies, and they'd keep on living. Yet, legally, we call the person "dead."   No bright lines, indeed.
** This, granny, is yet another example of how you materialists are incapable of distingishing between a 'whole', and its 'parts'.  But we were talking living/nonliving, not whole/parts.   My friends will chuckle to hear me referred to as a materialist. I am agonstic. I question everything, accept nothing on faith, and generally annoy everybody.
Now now WW granny is who she says she is, and she is kind enough to provide a conceptual image of her invisible parrot which changes color from time to time. Now I ask you would a materialist even consider having such a pet? You do grannyM a disservice.  Thank you. Perhaps I should introduce my parrot, here. He is invisible. Although no one can see him, I know that he is there. No one, so far, has been able to demonstrate to me, satisfactorily, that he is not there. When I am lying, he is pink. Otherwise, he may be any color. I know what the color is, although I cannot see the parrot. So far, no one has been able to demonstrate that these assertions are not true.   The avatar changes color from time to time; I feel that this is an accurate portrayal of the reality of my parrot. If you can show how this is not true, I'd be interested in how.
Yeah, I agree that defining life can be a pretty arbitrary exercise, and I've yet to see a concise, comprehensive, scientific definition that encompasses everything we generally and colloquially think of as alive, and excludes everything we don't. There are some that are pretty good (e.g. life transduces energy, has metabolism and homeostasis, replicates, mutates and evolves), but it's always possible to find some exception!    How about trotting out that hoary old saw originally cited re pornography: You know it when you see it.
** ROTFLMAO.    ** Yada yada yada, blah blah woof woof.  Gracious, that was an informative post!
** Glad to have been able to say something that did not exceed your level of understanding. :)  Hey wabbit, can you fetch me some ice? Granny needs it for her burn.
** Glad to have been able to say something that did not exceed your level of understanding. :)  Glad to see you don't resort to veiled attacks on other users when you have no argument. :)
Hey wabbit, can you fetch me some ice? Granny needs it for her burn.  The burn is fine, but I could use the ice for my scotch. Thanks!
The burn is fine, but I could use the ice for my scotch. Thanks!At least you drink a civilized drink. You do know that double wood is double good, don't you? Although Johnnie Walker Blue Label is, without a doubt, the absolute best you will ever taste! Never should it be watered or iced - neat only.
Glad to see you don't resort to veiled attacks on other users when you have no argument. :) The operative word being, "veiled"?
The operative word being, "veiled"?  Yup! :) emoticon_xangel
At least you drink a civilized drink. You do know that double wood is double good, don't you? Although Johnnie Walker Blue Label is, without a doubt, the absolute best you will ever taste! Never should it be watered or iced - neat only.  Were I ever offered Johnnie Walker Blue, you can bet I'd drink it neat! On special occasions, I treat myself to Laphroaig or Lagavulin, both drunk neat.
 Bliss is ignorance and Ignorance is bliss.   Ignorance can easily be a source for bliss however, it can be also be obtained through an understanding and acceptance. An example can be seen with much of Buddhist philosophy.  nuf' said
This has been a rather interesting thread so far. In reading it, I was reminded of an essay I read a while back, by the Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. In "The Argentine Writer and Tradition" he writes:  Some days past I have found a curious confirmation of the fact that what is truly native can and often does dispense with local color; I found this confirmation in Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire. Gibbon observes that in the Arabian book par excellence, in the Koran, there are no camels; I believe if there were any doubt to the authenticity of the Koran, this absence of camels would be sufficient to prove it is an Arabian work. It was written by Mohammed, and Mohammed, as an Arab, had no reason to know that camels were especially Arabian; for him they were a part of reality, he had no reason to emphasize them; on the other hand, the first thing a falsifier, a tourist, an Arab nationalist would do is have a surfeit of camels, caravans of camels, on every page; but Mohammed, as an Arab, was unconcerned: he knew he could be an Arab without camels.   And what does this have to do with the Bible and dinosaurs? The way I see it, Borges' approach to the Koran could be applied to any religious texts that claim a historical basis. So, if we apply this same line of thinking to the dinosaurs and dragons of the Bible, we're left with two options:  1) Dinosaurs and Dragons existed when these verses were written.  Dinosaurs, when they did exist, were very common animals. More abundant than camels, even, and in all parts of the world. If dinosaurs were so common when these Biblical passages were written, why would it be necessary to write about them in such detail when the average reader of the time would already be quite familiar with such creatures? The authenticity of the Bible is therefore called into question.  2) The Bible is authentic* and the depictions of fantastical creatures are just that: fantasy.  The author(s), for whatever reason, felt it necessary to introduce mythical creatures that had no basis in reality, much as Homer used mythical creatures like the cyclops, sirens, etc. in the Odyssey. Things that seem to resemble dragons and other strange, mighty creatures did not actually exist and were products of the author's imagination.  I am curious what you think of this, Archangel. Can you be a Christian without dragons?  *NOTE: I am not necessarily conceding that the Bible is the literal word of God. However, I will concede that there is some degree of historical authenticity.
Without wishing to be a pedant, saying no dinosaur survived KT isn't strictly true. No non-avian dinosaur survived the KT extinction event.  Also, they aren't called tail spikes on Stegosaurus, they're know as the 'Thagomizer' in the trade (See here for why) :)
Am I missing something, or does the linked article have nothing to do with what you said?
I wish I could read the entire article.
emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, other members also) who are so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in their arrogance and delusions, that they feels they can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false. And others are dishonest enough to not even correct him, but will actually defend and incourage his dishonesty and perversion of facts. emoticon_confused  Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say. http://weblogs.newsday.com/sports/columnists/jimbaumbach/blog/2007-08-02Spam.jpg
Since you are repeating the same lie and refusing to accept my insistent claim that your insane distortions don't reflect my beliefs, you leave me no alternative but to repost my open letter describing either the mental illness which you suffer from, or your propensity to misrepresent/purposely lie about what I believe. You can also find this permanently posted, HERE: 4Forums.com Political Debates and Polls - View Profile: Archangel So, lying now, huh Archie? Or did you not, in this very post quote your past statement (emphasis by me to point out the lie):  So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.  And yet here you are, not ignoring him, and attempting once again to "defend" against "his lies".  So much for credibility, Archie, you can't even keep your own word!
[INDENT]I guess what gets me so flummoxed about this obnoxious child/troll is that we have here a member who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way.  Was it not Archangel who went on a tear assigning the female gender to Obvious Child, despite OC's insistence that he is male? (IMHO, the creepiest aspect of this was that it appeared Archangel meant it as an insult.)  I've seen Archangel, repeatedly, question the religious faith of other posters, most notably Matthew, despite being told, repeatedly, that Matthew is Christian.  Do I think OC tries to make too much of some poorly written comments by Archangel? Yes. However, I see this as OC simply trying to get Archangel's goat, so to speak, and being quite effective at it.   On the other hand, it is Archangel that I see, habitually, ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they have said. IMHO, it is simply absurd to see him so "flummoxed" by OC.  Is OC being obnoxious? YES! (IMHO) But, from what I've seen, it is in response to Archangel being an absolute creep, in just about every post he makes.   I suspect OC is in his teens (pure speculation-- no offense intended if I'm way off, OC), and his behavior seems perfectly normal for his age. Archangel, on the other hand, is allegedly 56! What's his excuse?
It is precisely this aspect of the obnoxious childs debating style which caused me to sincerely believe he was a woman. Women never forget and tend to bring up past mistakes, errors/sins in current arguments; just like this little child does. That is why I accused him of being not only a woman but the worst example of what a woman is.  A CREEP? Would you quote any posts of mine which would define me as a creep, please, Rather than someone sharing their valid opinions on a debate forum? If you find my opinions creepy then you find the scriptural principles I defend creepy, and that falls on you Tester, not me, because my morals, ethics, and value, system are nothing which needs to be apologized for.  I rest my case.
That would probably depend upon which of his personas you were engaged with. His unbalanced relationship with one of them in particular, where all things positive are attributed to the invisible friend, whereas all the vile thoughts, negativity and personal failures are ascribed to himself, is likely part of his pathology.  Strange you just described yourself.
Speaking of vile negativity, who rattled your cage?  Again a perfect description of yourself. :p
Attempting to reason with you empty vessels is no more productive than if I went to a cemetery and attempted to argue with the head stone of any occupant there. It is a useless waste of time and energy  Then why in the HELL are you still here on this forum, archibald?
You churn out page after page of boring poop as a result of those who challenge you, I would call that an impact on your reality.  That you read it is very telling and speaks loads about your reality.
Archie, let's get one thing straight:  You have never won a debate. Never. You have never even demonstrated the ability to even comprehend the subject matter. You never "defeated" those who debated you - they just gave up talking to you since you can't be brought to actually debate the topic, with rational arguments.  (OK, I can't prove never, but of all the posts you made that I've seen and can remember at a moment's notice, you haven't)
