Evolution is not science. It is a religion. If Creation cannot be taught in public school, neither should Evolution.
I have no problem with learning what evolution is.
Okay people, let's make this real simple.  I, and it appears Truth Seeker as well, believe that God created everything and everyone. I have no problem saying that I believe in a religion.  The rest of you, with the possible exception of gilligan, seem to believe that evolution is completely factual. Let us assume for a moment that you are correct. Such and assumption leads to an obvious question: Where did the dirt come from?  The difference is that the former group believes "In the beginning God..." and the latter, "In the beginning dirt..." Neither can prove where his particular "beginning" came from, and therefore both must be taken by faith.  Objections? (Lurch, don't tell me that I haven't studied evolution because I have.)
Originally posted by sarablaze  I think that evolution(since it is factual)should stay as a part of education.    Factual? Last time I checked, it was the THEORY of evolution, not the LAW of evolution. Evolution and Creation are both theories, neither of them can be proved scientifically per se.
Karl~  Wonderful mumbo-jumbo I'll agree. If that is the way you wish to order the events of evolution (the process by which everything was formed) then what exploded in the big bang?
Thank you Lurch. You have gotten to my point: Evolution (as taught in modern public school textbooks) is a religion, not a scientific fact (as claimed by sarablaze).
Evolution should not be taught in schools unless creation is taught also. The problem with this is that the public school systems do not want to acknowledge that there even is a God (Which I am assuming most of you believe, with the exception of gilligan.) If they can stage jihads in school, teach "acceptance" of "different" religions and beliefs, and teach our children that evolution is a fact, they can sure as heck teach creation along with everything else.
Has anyone ever observed Evolution?   Lurch, what do you mean by saying "living things change over time"?   Whoever said I or anybody else was trying to insult evolutionists by calling evolution a religion?
Lurch~  I meant no insult by showing that evolution is a religion. I am just sick of hearing people claim that it is a solid scientific fact when it is not. I appologize if I came across as trying to insult the people who believe in evolution.
Lurch~  You give great examples of micro evolution "that from generation to generation the genetic make up of populations of living things change. That is evolution." But to expect me to believe in all the other forms of evolution (macro, cosmic, etc.) because of the unquestioned evidence of micro evolution is senceless.
I would like to clear a few things up.  When some of you say things like the "genetic make-up changes", "a new species" do you mean that people have actually observed one animal change into another? For example, a fish changes into a frog? if not, can you please explain what you mean?   Also, if Evolution is not abiogenesis, what is it? Was the "infinitely dense sphere of spacetime/matterenergy" or whatever you say exploded in the "big bang", living?   "Interesting to note that the 'creationists' want to go back centuries, to a time where dogma was mistaken for knowledge. This just goes to show you how they want to stagnate thought. The relationship between this and a Dark Age is easy to deduce." ---Stormin Norman  Could you possibly expand on this statement? Thanks!
Has anyone ever observed one animal change into another animal?   When you talk about changing a species how is the changing being done? By some natural process or is man doing this through manipulation and breeding?  How does being able to produce a fruit fly that won't eat meat as opposed to a fruit fly without wings prove evolution? They are both still fruit flies, aren't they?
Actually, I never asked if anyone had seen a frog turn into a lion. :) I do believe I asked if anyone had observed a fish turn into a frog though.  Okay, so you say that evolution is a slow process that changes "the genetic makeup" of some population of some animal over generations. Fine, all I am asking is that you point out to me where man has actually observed and recorded evidence of one specific type of animal eventually turning into another completely different kind of animal. I am assuming that according to evolution this had to happen in order to explain all of the different kinds of animals that are present today. I am not talking about mutations. "How can mutations (recombining of the genetic code) create any new, improved varieties?"   I am not talking about natural selection. "Natural selection only works with the genetic information available and tends only to keep a species stable. How would you explain the increasing complexity in the genetic code that must have occurred if evolution were true?"   Surely scientists have been making observations long enough to have the kind of written evidence that I am asking for.   Also, does anyone know exactly how long this "evolutionary" process takes?   What will these fruit flies eventually turn into besides fruit flies? Does anybody know?
WHO COULD ARGUE WITH TEACHING GOOD SCIENCE? - BTG No. 166b October 2002 by John D. Morris, Ph.D.* © Copyright 2003 Institute for Creation Research. All Rights Reserved. Earlier this year House Bill 481 was submitted to the Ohio State Assembly. The bill addresses the issue of teaching "origins science" in the Ohio public schools. The carefully crafted bill scrupulously follows the intent of recent Supreme Court decisions and attempts to implement the 2002 U.S. Education Bill, specifically its Santorum Amendment.  Quoting directly from HB 481:  It is the intent of the general assembly that to enhance the effectiveness of science education and to promote academic freedom and the neutrality of state government with respect to teachings that touch religious and non-religious beliefs, it is necessary and desirable that "origins science," which seeks to explain the origins of life and its diversity, be conducted and taught objectively and without religious, naturalistic, or philosophic bias or assumption. To further this intent, the instructional program provided by any school district or educational service center shall do all of the following:  (A) Encourage the presentation of scientific evidence regarding the origins of life and its diversity objectively and without religious, nat-uralistic, or philosophic bias or assumption;  (B) Require that whenever explanations regarding the origins of life are presented, appropriate explanation and disclosure shall be provided regarding the historical nature of origins science and the use of any material assumption which may have provided a basis for the explanation being presented;  (C) Encourage the development of curriculum that will help students think critically, understand the full range of scientific views that exist regarding the origins of life, and understand why origins science may generate controversy.  Those who follow the creation/evolution controversy will not be surprised that this bill has generated much criticism and opposition. Nor will they be surprised at the list of insecure evolution proponents involved, for the same names crop up at every opportunity, fighting to maintain their total monopoly on evolution teaching and propaganda in the schools.  However, a growing number of legislators as well as the people of America are recognizing that evolution is really the anti-Christian religion of naturalism, and that its vocal adherents behave more like Darwinian evangelists than scientists. By insisting on false evolutionary arguments being included in the textbooks and excluding even that scientific evidence which doesn't fit evolution, they expose their baseless bias.  Note that the bill does not mandate teaching either scientific or Biblical creation-it only seeks honest, healthful science. It removes religion from the schools, for dogmatic exclusive evolution teaching is religious teaching.  The high priests and priestesses of evolution have everything to lose and nothing to gain by returning to good science. The classroom would no longer be their pulpit. And that's why they oppose HB 481! And that's why creationists need to support it!
Evolution is not science. It is a religion. If Creation cannot be taught in public school, neither should Evolution.  I totaly agree.  There is also a law that says "evolution can not be taught in public schools"
Let's just say for arguement's sake that these definitions are true:  faith: firm belief in something for which there is no proof  proof: something that induces certainty or establishes validity  If there is no complete proof for evolution, wouldn't scientists be taking a step of faith in believing that it is true before it is completely proven?   The definition of believe...  believe:to accept as true, genuine, or real.  sounds very much like the definition of acccept...  accept:to recognize as true  so I would say that evolutionists to "believe" in an idea for which there is no complete "proof" and therefore must have "faith" in a scientific sort of "religion".
It's called reasonable doubt, Calli. You don't need a video of a person committing murder to convict them.  Aaahhh, yes...but you do need IRREFUTIBLE evidence, don't you?  Secondly, science works on theories and models. No one has been able to provide a suitable alternative theory to evolution. So obviously, scientists are going to accept the best model available.  Wouldn't you call creationism an "alternative theory"?
Evidence = genetic relatedness of organisms, fossils, observed examples of change.  That's a nice definition, but is the evidence IRREFUTIBLE? I don't think so.  It was a couple of hundred years ago until it was completely destroyed.  Or evolution blindly accepted because no one wants to admit that there is a God... (Consequences are such scary things.)
It's not a definition. It was examples of evidence which support the model.  IRREFUTIBLE EVIDENCE?   Are you completely unable to defend the scraps of Creationism? Evolution does not even deny the possibilities of god. And why create fairy tale consequences when they don't exist?  How am I not defending the "scraps of Creationism"? I have only heard of a few instances where Christians believed in God using evolution. It contradicts the Bible, so that doesn't work. Where are you going when you die? Are you just going to rot in the grave like your buddy gilligan? Or are you going to hell? How do you know for sure where you're going? The Bible tells us where we (believers) are going.
Have you refuted the evidence presented?  What evidence?  You offer no positive evidence towards Creationism nor did you deny that the idea of Creationism as scientific was destroyed long ago.  How about the flood? It was not "destroyed long ago". People simply have begun to believe in evolution because they either: 1.) Don't want to believe that the entire Bible is true. 2.) They don't want to believe the Bible at all.  That's odd, since most churches, including the largest one (Catholicism) allow their followers to accept evolution.  Catholics are not Christian. They are Catholic.  Reality contradicts the Bible. As does the Bible.  Maybe you should read some of the old posts between "Sarah" and I. We've already covered this topic. (Several times.)  No, I plan on being cremated.  Same thing. You'll decompose either way.  Nope.  How do you know that?
The fossil, genetic, and observed evidences that scientists base the theory of evolution on.  Oh, so you're telling me that all of that "evidence" is 100% true and beyond a reason of a doubt?  Yes it was. The Noachian flood did not occur. Ignoring the obvious impossibilities of the ship/animals/etc, we see that the results a global flood would have caused do not exist.  I see results. I see lakes in the middle of continents with no rivers leading to them. How did they get there?   Biology wasn't made to try to refute Biblical claims.  BIOLOGY wasn't made to try to refute Biblical claims, evolution was.  Hell is a mythical location.  How do YOU know that? Can you PROVE it?
"Nothing in science is accepted on faith." ---Lurch  How do evolutionists say the world began?
Crim:  Huh? Yes, evidence is 100% evidence.  Let me refrase myself. Do you have complete and error free evidence that evolution took place? (Links between apes and man are obviously missing.)  That is not a prediction made by the global flood hypothesis. It can also be explained by climate changes. Rivers dry up.  I don't see any large lakes being formed today. (Without the help of rivers, streams, etc.)  Biology IS evolution.  Oh really...  biology: a branch of knowledge that deals with living organisms and vital processes  I don't see the synonym "evolution" anywhere in that definition. Some biologists may study evolution, but biology is NOT evolution.  Catholicism is a denomination within Christianity.  Okay, what I meant to say is that you can't use the Catholic church as an example showing that the majority of Christians believe in evolution. ('Cause the Catholics don't believe a lot of things in the Bible.)   Sure. Myth: An unproven or unverifiable person/place/thing which is believed to be true.  There is a hell. I just hope that you don't have to find out the hard way.   Thistown:  Who said that? That's ludicrous.  Sorry 'bout that. I was really tired and not thinking strait...see my post to Crim.  Calligirl...Catholics are most defintely Christian.  See above...
We know for certain that organisms change over time. No serious scientist ignores the fact of evolution.  Let's make this more simple for you. Show me one verifiable link between ape and man.  Biology is centered around the theory of evolution. Without it, biology is hardly biology.  So biology didn't exist before the theory of evolution was formulated?  Of course I can. Catholics are the largest group of Christians and they are allowed to accept evolution. Here are some other denominations which have supported evolution in past court cases: United Methodist, Episcopal, Presby, and Southern Baptist. Also, most Jewish groups.  Fallacy of division. (Look it up.)  Evidence please.  The Bible.  Thistown:  Don't say stupid stuff like that please.  The truth hurts.
I challenge you to show me one solitary place in the Bible where Jesus threatens someone with hell. Use your head, all it does is alienate people. "Scaring" people into believing in God is wrong.  Matthew 5:29-30 "If your right eye causes you to sin, gouge it out and throw it away. It is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to be thrown into hell. And if your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. It is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go into hell."  Luke 12:4-6 ""I tell you, my friends, do not be afraid of those who kill the body and after that can do no more. But I will show you whom you should fear: Fear him who, after the killing of the body, has power to throw you into hell. Yes, I tell you, fear him."  From the mouth of Christ himself. Amazing.
Aren't there cosmologists and astronomers and geologists who are evolutionists?
I basically want to know how those of you who don't believe in Creationism, explain how the earth got here?
The poll at the top of the page is not complete. It assumes that Evolution is the only way that the world came into being. Every person, whether they are an Evolutionist or a Creationist, believes in something eteran; either eternal "matter" or an eternal Creator. There had to be SOMETHING to start with. The "big bang" theory has a speck of matter in it that explodes...where did that matter come from?  Here is my theory of the Evolution of the Coca Cola can. BILLIONS of years ago there was a vast explosion in outer space. The big bang created a huge rock. As the rock cooled, sweet brown fluid formed on its surface. MILLIONS of years later, aluminum crept up around the rock, and trapped the sweet brown fluid in a can. MILLIONS of years later, red and white paint fell from the sky and formed themselves into the words "Coca Cola, 12 fluid ounces."  Now, you are probably going to tell me, "That's ridiculous!! Everyone knows that the Coca Cola can had a designer and a maker." I know that. EVERYTHING has a designer and a maker: every building, every car, every toy, every computer.... and, yes, every person, as well. To believe otherwise, is to move into an intellectual free zone.
"The existance of flaws in the human body show it was not intelligently designed." ~Crim  Crim, the human body was created PERFECTLY by a Perfect Creator. The existence of flaws in the human body is a result of the curse God placed upon the world when sin entered. The genetic pool, instead of getting better and better, as is should according to Evolutionary Theory, is getting weaker and weaker, therefore, all the "flaws."
Genesis 1:1 "In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth." There is the proof that God created.  Genesis 1:31 "And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day." God saw that every thing that he had made was VERY GOOD.   Genesis 3:14 "And the Lord God said unto the serpent, because thou has done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: (15) And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." (17) "And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and has eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; (18) Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; (19) In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art and unto dust shalt thou return."   So, you see, God created everything perfectly. It is sin that brought the faults.
Lurch, I am not pretending. The point of this thread was to learn how evolution happened. My point is IT DID NOT HAPPEN. MACRO evolution, i.e. goo to you, apes to people, molecules to man, did not happen. There is no proof for it, and it is not logical at all. I realized when I posted the coca cola can theory that it was crazy, but I posted it to point out the "logic" of evolution...there isn't any.  MICRO evolution, on the other hand is possible. Micro evolution makes possible different breeds of dogs, cats, horses, mice, etc. In other words, there is change in a kind, but kinds to not change into other kinds. A dog will never turn into a cat. A monkey will never turn into a man.
Dogs remain dogs. There are many, many breeds of dogs, but no matter what breed it is, it is still a dog, and will remain a dog. Dogs will never evolve into something else.  All human beings are one kind. There is variation in kind...light skin, dark skin, middle brown skin, eye and hair color, short, tall, etc, but Human Beings remain human beings, and don't change into something else. Monkeys don't change into human beings.
I believe in Creationism. God maid everything the way He wanted it.
Crim, Please tell me what is so scientific about evolution? It is a bunch of made-up stuff! Show me some proof...
Hey, I said I believe in CREATIONISM! lol emoticon_xbouncer
Lurch,  A bear is still a bear. Sure, there are lots of kinds of bears, but they are still just that, bears.   As for pointing out the fossil record as proof of evolution, I nearly started laughing!! The fossils don't prove evolution at all, not ONE BIT. No "missing links" have been found in the fossils. In fact, the "missing links" are just that....MISSING!
Lurch, I am sorry I confused you by using "kind" in two different ways. When I said "kinds of bears" I meant "breeds" or "types." Sorry about that...I'll try to be careful about that in the future.   Karl, according to the Encyclopedia, a Panda is in the raccoon family.   Someone mentioned "Homo heidelbergensis" or, Heidelberg Man. This "missing link" which is supposed to help connect apes to man, was built from a lower jaw with teeth...and LOTS of imagination. These fossil skeletons that are put together are almost always composites. Bones are taken from a certain area of a country, and are assumed that they are from the same creatures. Evolutionists take these bones from here and there, and "compose" a skeleton. Piltdown Man, Nebraska Man, Peking Man, Java Man, Heidelberg Man, and "Lucy" are all either "composites" or simply hoaxes.
Java man, huh? That is absolute speculation. Let's try to put it into perspective. Late last century a Dutch physician, Eugene Dubois, set sail to the Dutch East Indies (now called Indonesia). Completely enamoured by the theory of evolution, he had come to believe for some reason that he would find the elusive 'missing link' between humans and apes in that part of the world.  In 1892 on the island of Java, he found a thigh-bone, which to all intents and purposes was like that of modern humans. About a year earlier in the same location he had found a large skull-cap, and later three teeth. These were not necessarily from the same individual: the skullcap and the leg-bone were about 15 metres (50 feet) apart.  The creature from which the skullcap came appeared to have had a brain size of 900 cc (about two-thirds that of the average modern man-one must of course allow for the difficulty of estimating brain size from only a part of the skull). There is no reason to insist that the skullcap and the leg bone came from the same individual. But Dubois had found his 'missing link' and it eventually became widely accepted as such, in spite of the fact that a leading authority had identified two of the teeth as those of an orangutan, and the other as human.  'Java man' was trumpeted around the world as indisputable proof of human evolution. Textbooks and magazines were filled with fanciful reconstructing of 'Java man', who had been given the impressive-sounding scientific name of Pithecanthropus erectus ('erect ape-man').  Naturally, the bones did not show whether their owner (or owners) had much body hair or not. Yet drawings of 'Java man' all showed the required amount of hair, the usual club in the hand, and so on. Although no face bones had been found, suitably 'half-ape, half-man' features were reconstructed in artists' drawings. No suprise that of course it fits right into the world's anti-creation veiw.
Lurch, How flattering that you noticed my "silence." Some of us do have jobs, family, and a life outside of youdebate.com. :D   Brown bears and Polar bears...they are great! Both of them are bears. While I am not an expert on bears, and can't say for sure how many "kinds" there are, (probably one...maybe two), the two bears mentioned above are most likely related, but because of the genetic drift, they are now quite different looking.   Happy Birthday, Karl!
Hope I didn't miss out on the preliminary flaming.....  ". For example no fossils of dolphins have ever been found in the same strata as an ichthyosaur, even though they had similar life styles, identical habitats and similar diets." Firstly, all of our present knowledge of the the ichthyosaur comes from fossils, bones, ect (did I need to say that?) Seeing that, how can you make accurate judgments about a given creatures lifestyle if you've never seen it in a action? I mean, you may have an aquarium containing one of these for your personal study, but I doubt this is the case, and if it isn't, then I can't see any suitable reasons to believe what you're saying. Simply because the ichys had a similar bone structure to todays dolphins doesn't mean that they lived the same. I have a b opne structure resembling that of most primates-and the last time I checked, I wasn't perched in a tree scratching and munching on a bananna. Although a bananna would go down nice at the moment-hold, please.    So, in a nutshell, I'd like to see some real evidences of the relationship between dolphins and ichys before I blindly trust what the almighty lurch says.   Sorry I couldn't get more in depth at the moment-but I anxiously await any responses.
"I haven't seen you so I doubt that your denial is true. I have seen nothing to convince me that you do not perch in trees."  funny.   Now I am going to have to explain a very important concept to you Calligirl, and anyone else who claims to be "born-again". You must not understand that you are supposed to be a member of the Body of Christ, in SUBMISSION to the Holy Ghost. Anything that any follower of Christ has, is only given for the edification of the Body. You need to submit yourself in an apology, and pray that you learn the ways of Christ lest you be judged by your works. The Apostle Paul said that He had not held back anything from His brothers, and we also are under that command. You do studying, and thats good. I study more than you, yet all of my knowledge is in submission to the Lord Jesus Christ. Dont you assume credit for your study, do you not understand that the Light shown to you is only by grace, and that Light allows your works to manifest? Yet I was a wretched wicked man who was bound by all kinds of evil, but when deliverence came through Christ, do I take credit for the good works after? NO, for I acknowledge what grace truly consists of, and how it has given me these works to do. Oh, and yes that is where I got that information, and took it directly from their web page.
My friend, it was not dishonest, if it was I would work out my salvation with fear and trembling. I settle not for dishonesty, nor for any other error agianst God, but I strive to achieve more of Christ. Not me only, but He that dwells within me. For my own works are as filthy rags, but the works of the Father are perfect and just. This is the work of the Father, that the Son died for my life, that I may live in Him. Therefore, I press onward marching as a soldier of the Cross. I pray that no one mis interpret my intentions, which are not strife, but to do the will of my Father.
I am only reqiured to relay the message of the truth to all who will hear, I pray that the same Christ who rose from the dead will reveal Himself to as mant as will receive.
I certianly will grant the request to cite my sources.
Please do so. And please don't say ChristianAnswers...
"Finding a group of 37 skeletons together leads to conclusions of schooling behaviour." And schooling behavior proves nil.  ". It conflicts with what you wish were true from mythology so you prefer to reject it without learning. What I explained is based on evidence and experience. You object based on mythology and ignorance." It would seem that you believe that all Christians must think that every aspect of the Bible is true. The only required belief is that Jesus was the Son of God, the Messiah, whichever thing you would call Him. Creation is not a necessity, but I have yet to see substantial evidence to disprove it. Oh, and its funny how you didn't say anything against my comment. Is to me, at least.  "As a matter of fact, bone structure is quite revealing as to how the animal lived. It is silly for you to claim that an ichthyosaur was not aquatic. You can see complete fossils of them in museums, but since no one has ever seen one alive, you think that they may have lived on land and grazed on grass I guess. Thus, a creationist couldn't tell the difference between the skeleton of a cow and the skeleton of a cat." Congragulations. You've informed me that (gasp) animals that live underwater and the ones that live on alnd have different bone structures. I needed to know that. So, anyhow, can you tell me, in a nutshell, how looking at the bone structure can tell one how a creature lived it's life? It's specific habitats? What it ate?  "I haven't seen you so I doubt that your denial is true. I have seen nothing to convince me that you do not perch in trees." Actually, that would be quite the life. No worries, just scratching and chowing on banannas.   Anyone else notice that he didn't try to contradict anything I said?
"The fossils and the context in which they were found, for instance finding intact skeletons of baby ichtyosaurs inside of adults leads to the conclusion that they bore live young."  'Twould prove that they either gave birth to live young, or were cannibalistic. I believe this was an issue surrounding Compys (No, I can't spell it off the top of my head. I sure Lurch will have some fun with that) some time ago.    "Have you ever found a shark egg case at the beach? "  Should I have?   "Don't be stupid. Since we are talking about science, your use of the word "proves" only proves that you don't know what you are talking about. "  I'll rephrase myself. "And indication of schoolong behavior offers a glimpse to a single aspect the the animals life." Happy?   "your claims can be debunked by facts. "  Truth be told, I haven't seen many of these yet. Perhaps I should look harder.   "Didn't you read my reply? Your comment was nothing more than a statement of your lack of belief. "  It was more about the entire post...    "Since the original point was not specifically about bones, you are being dishonest. "  "As a matter of fact, bone structure is quite revealing as to how the animal lived. "  Hint-both these quotes just may have been by Lurch.   "So, anyhow, can you tell me, in a nutshell, how looking at the bone structure can tell one how a creature lived it's life? It's specific habitats? What it ate?"  Outside of a nutshell, you still didn't answer the question.   "Here's more. Take a velociraptor as an example. Bipedal with large killing claws on the feet. Long legs and gracile build means fast. Long, sharp grasping claws at the ends of the arms. Pointed teeth with serated edges that curve backward. Forward looking eyes. That all means predator."  So this animal hunts.....shall I compare it's lifestyle to that of a woodpecker?
Originally posted by ghettocracka  this may be really wrong, but i remember hearing it somewhere  there was an experiment done that had a bunch of components(stuff that would have been around a few billion years ago, inorganic stuff) in a glass tube, and a current sent through it, simple organic compounds came out  so the theory was that lightning created the organic stuff and extremely simple organisims evolved, and after a few billion years stuff evolved    That experiment was later proven to be a fraud. THe scientist involved had introduced organic matter into the mix.   Several attempts have been made to redo the original experiment, with different chemical compounds (as later research revealed more data on early Earth atmospheric conditions) with no results.   The book "Icons of Evolution" details the original experiment and the resultant controversy over the fraudulant findings.  Peace, Tom
Lurch,  Your reasoning is extremely faulty. Why do you talk about why somebody learns something? To reject evolutionism one just has to apply critical thinking. It is factual that political strategy and a strong push for gaining and preserving power in education and governmental influence is what motivates the chief promoters of the "theory of evolution".  Do you see/hear/read something in the mainstream media which would promote anything against the "ruling" "scientific" "facts"? No, the bias is screeming into the face of any balanced observer. Not to mention the billions of dollars spent to desperately find "proves" and if there is nothing, they fabricate one by speculation. Yet in the wording what the public hear or read is trumpeted in an unambiguous way. Later when they hit the wall there is no fanfare just deafening silence.  If I would see a series of programs in PBS on Intelligent Design Theory I would probably pinch my hand to make sure I am not hallucinating.  I am not against hypothesizing. But yes I reject the way speculations presented as facts by the evolutionary establishment.  Cheers.
Originally posted by lurch  [B]Are you speaking from ignorance or is this intentional deception?   Neither. I refer to what appeared on the Frontline report "Origins of Life" which first aired in August of 1981, and is available on videotape. If your library does not have the tape, they can interlibrary loan the copy at the University of North Florida, which is where I saw the episode in question.  Actually, the Miller-Urey experiment is basically so simple that with only a little training in the lab you could do it yourself. Please show that you are not a dupe and specify what you mean by "organic matter". The experiment was intended to show that in a reducing atmosphere with a source of energy, amino acids can form spontaneously. Several similar experiments have been done since that have shown that the formation of amino acids is almost certain. For example, they have been found in meteors.  You're grasping for straws here friend, by mixing two separate theories of how life was seeded here on Earth.   As to what "organic matter" contaminated the original experiment Frontline did not give the exact material, but they did trace the source of the CO2 to the supplier and said that improper filtration at the collection of the gas was the culpret. Personally I think they give Miller and Urey more credit than I would.   However the organic material got in, it is true that the experiment was later tried again, this time more carefully, and it did produce amino acids - neither of which are among the buildng blocks of life. After subsequent studies showed that the Earth's atmosphere was much more oxygen rich than had been previously thought, later experiments were spectacularly unsuccessful in developing amino acids, so much so that competing theories of how the proper combinations of the correct amino acids did come about have been offered - including the seeding of the Earth by comets and meteors, and underwater geothermal vents.      Oh. Then you're just a dupe rather than being dishonest.    Noooo, actually I am being neither one. But I can tell when someone is being a stereotypical internet anti-Christian bigot.emoticon_xbouncer   Your information comes from a moonie.     Frankly I couldn't give a rat's bohunkas if Wells was a Moonie in this case - my problem with him would be theological at that point.   Wells, and others like Behe and Johnson, simply point out that MACROevolution is still in the theoretical stage but is being presented as already established fact. When they point out the problems with it, they are blasted with the force of an Inquisition.   IT IS THIS THAT LABELS EVOLUTION A RELIGION, RATHER THAN A SCIENTIFIC THEORY!!!!
Here is the way evolutionistic "science" works:  There is fossil "A" ---<fact There is fossil "B" ---<fact Evo "science" comes in: since "A" is similar to "B"---<fact therefore evolution is proven!  It is so easy, so simple, so evident is not it? Go ahead write articles, make movies, indoctrinate noncritical minds, do the mighty NLP: "evolution is a fact" "evolution is a fact" Go around chanting, dumb down pupils.  Do not criticise the Miller/Urey "proof". Spread the good news: "building blocks of 'life'" were "created in laboratory.
How do you think evolution happened/started? (Just curious. :))  It didn't. It's a fairy tale for adults. emoticon_xangel
Why did you just bring back a four year old thread?  To make you ask questions. :)
Your choices in the OP are far too limited. Evolution does not happen by pure chance and it does not involve GOD either. Evolution happens because life first arose by abiogensis which tossed up imperfect replicators. From there on its just cycle after cycle of vary,select,inherit.  Sure, and did you happen to take any pictures to show us from 5 billion years ago when you witnessed this abiogenesis taking place ? Because to claim the the complex chain of life we enjoy all came about by accident, randomly is beyond ridiculous and a fairy tale of monumental proportions. And what is most incredible is that so called intellectuals defend it as rational proving the passage that states that the wisdom of man is foolishness to God.
Here's a picture/satelite photo of the Ark on Mt Ararat for ya.  http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=29655
Ya but it's still alot closer to real evidence than your imaginary claims of abiogenesis. emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer
We see once again that when shown that his links are patently false, Archie dodges and evades, usually with a strawman or an ad hom. Classic creationist behaviour here, folks.  First of all, your links which are commited to just disproving anything scriptural proves nothing absolutely. There is plenty of other evidence that considers that artifact, what ever it is as the Ararat Anomoly. It hasn't been proven by any means to not be the Ark. My reason for posting it was to show that reasonable people believe it might be. Here's another article from Space.com that deals with the anomoly. It also discusses the flyover pictures of it from the 1949. Some interesting info.  http://www.space.com/scienceastronomy/planetearth/noahs_ark_010823-1.html emoticon_xangel
Here's a close-up of the anomaly for ya. http://www.users.bigpond.com/rdoolan/notark.html  Now try real hard to understand what I'm saying here. It is you who is lying and being disingenuous here because your so called evidence that refutes what I've posted is much lower than 15,500 feet where there is snow all year round. Your picture is of something much lower on the mountain which is obvious by the lack of snow. So we are referring to two totally different anomolies here.   But how quick you are to dismiss and even mock the possibility of its existence. I marvel at how frightened you are at having your fragile world View crushed by something like this actually being proven irrefutably true. emoticon_xangel
Here it is. And as you can see, these scientists are more interested in the Satelites ability to see than proving the anomoly is the Ark. They are totally objective and don't confirm what it is by any means. But neither do the confirm what it isn't. They just ask some very interesting questions based on their professional observations.  Zooming in on Noah's Ark? Satellites Search for Ancient Artifact  By Leonard David Senior Space Writer posted: 07:00 am ET 23 August 2001  WASHINGTON -- Military and private satellite snapshots of Mount Ararat in eastern Turkey reveal an anomaly that researchers say might be the remains of Noah's Ark.   A soon-to-be-launched commercial spacecraft will focus powerful cameras on the mysterious mountainside oddity to help unravel its true nature.  In the past, expeditions permitted to search the area for what some claim are the ruins of Noah's Ark, while failing to conclusively prove its existence, have succeeded in sustaining debate. The area itself is a geopolitical and religious hot spot, with Mount Ararat sitting in the far eastern frontier of Turkey, near the borders of Armenia, Georgia (formerly part of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the USSR) and Iran.  Zoom in on Mt. Ararat using  SPACE.com's Universal Viewer    Even the late Apollo 15 moonwalker James Irwin was repeatedly drawn to Mount Ararat in hopes of finding Ark wreckage. Through his High Flight Foundation, a non-profit evangelical organization based in Colorado Springs, the former astronaut made six treks to Mount Ararat in an unsuccessful quest to find remains of the ark.   Irwin's last expedition in 1990 ran into trouble. Turkish police detained him following allegations that he engaged in spying while looking for the Ark. Since 1991, the mountain has been closed due to Turkish military operations against Kurdish rebels in the area.   Today the exploration of 17,000-foot Mount Ararat and the search for Noah's Ark has moved to higher ground -- thanks to high-tech satellite flyovers.  Flood of data  To get up to speed on this search, it helps to start with the Bible.  Noah was instructed by God to save his family and the world's animals during a great flood that would cover the Earth. To do so, Noah built a large vessel, an ark. What followed was a pouring rain lasting 40 days and 40 nights. According to the Book of Genesis, as the Great Flood receded, the ark came to rest on the mountains of Ararat.  Now jump to 1949.   An image from the June 19, 1949 U.S. Air Force Mission that captured a panoramic view of what is simply called "the Ararat Anomaly".  Aircraft imagery of Mount Ararat taken in June of that year and analyzed by U.S. intelligence officials includes a unique feature at the 15,500-foot level on the Northwestern Plateau. Then in 1973 and 1976, through the lenses of classified satellites, this "whatever-it-is" also purportedly stirred up the same community.   "It's called the 'Ararat Anomaly'," said Porcher Taylor, an assistant professor at the University of Richmond in Virginia, and an expert in satellite imaging diplomacy and the news media. He has been gathering evidence on the novel feature since 1993, including a set of those 1949 aerial shots of the area, now declassified.  Taylor said that arguments have erupted within intelligence circles for decades as to what truly has been seen on Mount Ararat.   "Debates center on whether or not it's a strange rock formation, a crashed airplane, perhaps a fortress or some other structure hundreds of years old or maybe something more interesting of potentially biblical proportions," Taylor told SPACE.com. Certain individuals in the know, he added, believe what is visible in certain satellite pictures is the bow of a ship sticking out of a glacier.  The anomaly is apparently more than 600-feet long (183 meters), Taylor said, at least that part of it jutting out as seen in aerial and satellite imagery. One expert, a naval engineer and architect, when looking at the photos believes "prongs" or "ribs" of the keel of an ancient marine structure can be identified, he said.  Divided interpretation  Taylor recently took his plight to The Washington Times Corporation, publisher of Insight Magazine. That publication helped fund special snapping sessions using Space Imaging's private satellite, IKONOS 2.   On four separate dates starting in October 1999 into the summer of 2000, photos of the mountain were taken by IKONOS and processed by Space Imaging, based in Thornton, Colorado.  Space Imaging's Ikonos 2 can resolve objects as small as 3.3 feet (1 meter) across.  IKONOS pictures snapped over Mount Ararat then were contrasted with the aircraft photos taken in 1949.  A seven-person team of independent scientists and analysts scrutinized the batch of images. While clearly the photos show some type of feature, the team was divided in their interpretation. While some felt the anomaly could be human-made, others voted for rock or deferred to inconclusive data, Taylor said.  One team member concluded the anomaly had apparently shifted, suggesting that its composition was foreign and not a chunk of the mountain. IKONOS imagery confirms that the anomaly is "broken" in several places.  "The color of the anomaly is uniquely different from the surrounding strato-volcanic rock. The anomaly seems to be very smooth in texture as compared to the jagged rocks," Taylor said.   If it's human-made, then what is it? By using satellites, such as IKONOS, the saga has become a "space-based Indiana Jones," Taylor says.    Ikonos captured this image of the alleged site of Noah's Ark on August 6, 2000. The annotation show's how this find differs from the anomaly captured in 1949.   'Ark-eology' via satellite  The next step in the search for the Ark takes to the air, quite literally, is just a handful of weeks.  The QuickBird 2 satellite is ready for launch on October 18 from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. If successfully orbited, it will become the world's highest resolution commercial satellite.   Operated by EarthWatch Incorporated in Longmont, Colorado, QuickBird 2 can focus on objects down to nearly 20-inches (one-half meter) across. Taylor requested and then received an OK from the firm that they will point the spacecraft's imaging system at the feature in question on Mount Ararat.   "They are going after it," Taylor said.  "As of now we plan to take images ? but have not solidified exactly when we will work his requests into our overall mission planning," said Chuck Herring, EarthWatch spokesman.  "Whether we do it in calibration or during commercial operations, we will work with him as it fits in our mission plan," Herring told SPACE.com.  Seeing is not easy  Extremely heavy daily cloud cover and perhaps large buildups of snow at the site make it almost impossible for hikers, planes or satellites to see anything -- unless there is a major avalanche, high-velocity wind, glacial meltdown or dissipation of clouds.  "This is a unique and unexplored site on the mountain," Taylor said. Nearly 99 percent of all Ark hunters, researchers, expeditions to Ararat have been to the Ahora Gorge. That is on the other side of the mountain, he said.  Time is of the essence, with winter closing in, Taylor said. Moreover, as more commercial satellite capability becomes available, there is increased chance that the anomaly will be identified.   In particular, hyperspectral imagery from space offers great promise.   All natural and human-made materials on the surface of the Earth have a unique signature of reflected light from the Sun. This signature is more detailed than can be captured by a conventional camera or the human eye. Hyperspectral sensors can measure this signature and actually identify materials from space.   What if the "Ararat Anomaly" turns out to be less than a Biblical blast from the past?  "I would consider it a great victory either way," Taylor said. "Everybody should realize that the world is truly transparent. The commercialization of space is a direct peace dividend of the Cold War and our space-based military satellites."  "As for the anomaly," Taylor said, "what it is ? is what it is ? no matter what it is."
Please notice that your article drew absolutely no inference as to what the object (objects) actually are! Nobody claimed that it WAS Noahs ark. Nobody claimed the evidence would support that conclusion. Nobody said the object was anything other than a rock formation. You are overlaying your preference onto the article, seeing things which are not said or concluded. Self delusion.  I know it's asking a lot, but did you happen to notice the TITLE and the FIRST SENTANCE of the article ?  http://www.space.com/scienceastronomy/planetearth/noahs_ark_010823-1.html  Zooming in on Noah's Ark? Satellites Search for Ancient Artifact  By Leonard David Senior Space Writer posted: 07:00 am ET 23 August 2001  WASHINGTON -- Military and private satellite snapshots of Mount Ararat in eastern Turkey reveal an anomaly that researchers say might be the remains of Noah's Ark.  
Military and private satellite snapshots of Mount Ararat in eastern Turkey reveal an anomaly that researchers say might be the remains of Noah's Ark.  Indeed but note well thats the reporters words, not a quote by one of the researchers and attributed to nobody in particular. In other words its a lead paragraph intended to keep the readers attention. Sure it might be Noahs arc, it might be an alien space craft, it might be a dog kennel, or it might be a 17'th century tourist attraction. or it might be a rock outcrop. You have mistaken a journalistic device for evidence, I see no reason to congratulate you on your acute perception. Also did you note the article dates to 2001 some six years ago now. Surely any additional positive evidence would have been trumpeted to the skies by now.  Wow... for a skeptic to imply that evidence is weak in their opinion is totally understandable. But to be such a philosophical coward to even have the nerve to suggest that an article titled "Zooming in on Noah's Ark? Satellites Search for Ancient Artifact" is nothing more than a Journalistic device shows just how much in denial you are to even accept that the search for Noah's Ark is a serious undertaking on multiple levels.   What gives the article credibility to one intelligent enough, and open minded enough to appreciate it objectively, is that Space.com is interested in testing the Technologies ability to give a birds eye view of the anomaly and take a totally objective look at the evidence without preference for either perspective. That is what science is supposed to do. Of course with the slanted and one sided perspective that evo comes from, I can understand you not recognizing an actual scientific approach to anything as more than a journalistic device. It's sad really, but such is the reality of those who believe in fairy tale and junk science and try to pass it off as valid as you brain washed puppets do with evo. emoticon_xgood   Sorry, Archie, you can claim all you want that this is "Noah's Ark". That doesn't change the fact that first of all, the whole thing didn't happen, and second of all, the ark couldn't float at all - it'd break up and sink in minutes.  I'll tell you what, PROVE IT!!! I challenge you to prove it didn't happen. And here's a link of archaeological evidence that say's otherwise about the accuracy of the bible. The only evidence you can produce of anything is that A) Talk and accusations are cheap, and 2) the only ancient artifacts that you'll accept as valid are reflected through the prism of your fairy tale of the evolutionary myth. You can without reservation reject evidence that is only a few thousand years old as incredible or fraudulent while arguing that pieces of bones guesstimated to be a hundred million years old are as reliable as this mornings newspaper. Which by the way, those of us with a sense of discernment realize is also slanted and manipulated by the Left.   But you expose the frailty and delusions of your World view every time you write a post here. And if you could post from an objective site and not just more leftist propaganda, it would do much for your current credibility which is non-existent. emoticon_xdonno   http://www.allaboutarchaeology.org/is-the-bible-true-aaa-f737.htm  http://www.allaboutarchaeology.org/bible-archaeology.htm   http://www.allaboutthejourney.org/bible-prophecies-fulfilled.htm
This too is another lie. Many scientists interpret the same evidence very differently than you do. That's why there are two distinct schools of thought. Your abject denial of the other sides views does nothing to negate our perspective.
 you are right that I didn't check to make sure that the two anomalies were the same, but that's because it doesn't make much difference anyway.   And yet you put your evidence out there as if it was absolute refutation of my link. Don't you read the stuff you submit as evidence h_i_m ? You and your cohorts are so weak in your grasp of things of the Spirit I truly feel for you.  Of course in your mind it doesn't matter, because you believe that according to modern physics it never could have held together by other than divine intervention. Well, if it was Gods will to preserve a cross section of human and animal life for re-population of the Earth in the first place, then why would Him intervening to make sure His plan succeeded surprise anyone ?
Principally because of the implied incompetence. You're suggesting that god instructed Noah to make a boat so fundamentally flawed in conception that - oops! - god then had to hold it together by magic. Why not just get it right first time? Or better still why not forget the cockamamie boat and just wipe out everyone except the Noahs with a click of the celestial fingers?  I don't know, and I'm not saying He did intervene. Just that what if He did ? But I can't wait to find out the whole truth at the proper time. :)
You don't have to wait! Just buy a copy of The Origin of Species, or read the free Complete Works of Charles Darwin online, and the path to the truth will be laid out for you. Of course, we don't know all of it yet, but we do know it's not to be found on Noah's Ark. emoticon_xgood  *sigh* why would I do that lesz, I'm seeking the truth, not a fairy tale or a lie.
Which do you think is truthier, the Bible, or the Koran? Ignorant minds wish to know!  Duh, me think da bible is truthier. does that help your ignorant mind know better ? emoticon_xdonno
Evolution is derived from cosciousness. The big bang is nonsense. Consciousness is intangible, it's an energy force. Everything which surrounds us is a form of energy. Think of anything, read the scientific views on what you are thinking about and you will discover it breaks down to a form of energy. The energy within everything is it's consciousness. Consciousness creates form, manifests itself to a particular form. Every human being is just an energy system. Take any part of yourself and look at it under a strong enough microscope and you will find it consists of atoms, and molecules, take a look at any solid object and you will find it consists of atoms and molecules,take a look at any liquid, or gas, and you will find it is made of atoms, and molecules, these are scientific facts. Each atom is alive, it's an energy form, your consciousness transforms your atomic structure to meet the requirements of the enviroment in which you exsist. This explains why people have different colour skin, and why elephants have big ears, and why fish have fins, etc. Effectively our individual consciousness derives from a greater consciousness, a universal consciousness which some people call GOD.
So why is it a white man can't just think himself black, or vice versa?  Evolution takes time, and is not only formed by your thoughts, although thoughts definitely have an effect on our evolutionary progress. There is no evidence to suggest that other animals or plants are capable of creating thoughts, and yet the animal, and plant kingdoms are on an evolutionary path like you and I.
God created life very similar to the way it is now. Most of evolution is BOGUS!
As a creationist, there are some points I have to concede:  First point: Lurch et al have much more extensive knowledge than most (if not all) creationists on this board, whether it is admitted by the creationists or not. I am not saying they are more intelligent than the creationists on this board. What I am saying is that the evolutionists all seem to either work in the various scientific fields or do not have a life and do nothing but research this (this is not meant as an insult), whereas the creationists on this site don't seem to have near the information or the inclination to find it. I must include myself in that group since I cannot dedicate my time to researching these subjects since I have a life to lead outside this forum. What I see is various creationists who read some books, get some points, and come here to push those points (see point two). This is a huge mistake, and these attempts invariably get shot down (I have made this mistake).  Second point: I have recently been reading publications from various creationist sources (specifically Hank Hanagraff's new booklet - can't remember the name right now). Most of these seem to be very shallow in nature. They seem to be pointed directly at uninformed people who accept evolution blindly (yes, there are many who accept creation blindly as well). They also seem to be outdated. They seem to be attempting to discredit evolution without doing any real research. I know for a fact that there are reputable scientists who are creationists (http://www.icr.org/creationscientists.html), but they don't seem to be brought into the fray very often, if at all.  Third point: This is a point that lurch has brought up on numerous occasions, and it is a point that I also must concede. No one here that I have read is trying to show the evidence FOR creation. They are trying to disprove evolution without giving evidence for the creation theory. Though I am not a scientist, I have always been taught that in order to disprove a theory, the evidence you bring against it must also prove another theory (please tell me if I am wrong in this).   I am not conceding these points because I am starting to doubt my faith. Why I am conceding them is because I have no choice. The creationists on this board, including myself, seem ill-prepared to bring any real challenge to the evolution arguments posted. Though winning an argument does not mean you have convinced the person you were arguing with, it is a little disconcerting to see this happen.  I needed to get this out. If I get responses (which I am not necessarily looking for), I would hope people will be civil. If I see "because creation is XXXX" responses, I will simply abandon the thread.  Anyway, that's how I see it.  -WarriorPoet-
As a creationist, there are some points I have to concede:  First point: Lurch et al have much more extensive knowledge than most (if not all) creationists on this board, whether it is admitted by the creationists or not. I am not saying they are more intelligent than the creationists on this board. What I am saying is that the evolutionists all seem to either work in the various scientific fields or do not have a life and do nothing but research this (this is not meant as an insult), whereas the creationists on this site don't seem to have near the information or the inclination to find it. I must include myself in that group since I cannot dedicate my time to researching these subjects since I have a life to lead outside this forum. What I see is various creationists who read some books, get some points, and come here to push those points (see point two). This is a huge mistake, and these attempts invariably get shot down (I have made this mistake).  Second point: I have recently been reading publications from various creationist sources (specifically Hank Hanagraff's new booklet - can't remember the name right now). Most of these seem to be very shallow in nature. They seem to be pointed directly at uninformed people who accept evolution blindly (yes, there are many who accept creation blindly as well). They also seem to be outdated. They seem to be attempting to discredit evolution without doing any real research. I know for a fact that there are reputable scientists who are creationists (http://www.icr.org/creationscientists.html), but they don't seem to be brought into the fray very often, if at all.  Third point: This is a point that lurch has brought up on numerous occasions, and it is a point that I also must concede. No one here that I have read is trying to show the evidence FOR creation. They are trying to disprove evolution without giving evidence for the creation theory. Though I am not a scientist, I have always been taught that in order to disprove a theory, the evidence you bring against it must also prove another theory (please tell me if I am wrong in this).   I am not conceding these points because I am starting to doubt my faith. Why I am conceding them is because I have no choice. The creationists here, including myself, seem ill-prepared to bring any real challenge to the evolution arguments here. Though winning an argument does not mean you have convinced the person you were arguing with, it is a little disconcerting to see this happen.  I needed to get this out here. If I get responses (which I am not necessarily looking for), I would hope people will be civil. If I see "because creation is XXXX" responses, I will simply abandon the thread.  Anyway, that's how I see it.  -WarriorPoet-   The evidence for creation is in the Bible - but every one of the evolutionaries here won't even accept that as 'evidence', so, I for one must talk to them using their own definitions of things and see if these hold up.  We need a common ground for understanding and as Lurch and others quite clearly state that the Bible is fantasy, then there's no point me discussing the various merits of the Bible... we are forced by necessity to discuss evolutionary science alone.
The Bible is not scientific evidence. If you want to support some Theory of Creation, you will need to do it without the Bible.  Exactly what I said they'd say! So, we are forced, in the interest of continuing dialogue, to point out all of the flaws in there argument.
So you admit there is NO scientific evidence of any theory of creation. Thanks.  a) you don't accept the Bible as evidence b) you don't accept creationist evidence as evidence  therefore we must rely on what you do actually accept as evidence and argue with that.  emoticon_idea   I hope you can understand that...
Evidence, which is demonstrably incorrect or entirely specious, is not evidence at all. If your claims can be empirically refuted, then they are fraudalent or at best mistaken, and must be withdrawn.  Vindex Urvogel That is beside the point...  The question really is why do we creationist dwell on debunking evolutionary theory.  I think I've explained why we deal with this issue the way we do... because whether you believe that the Bible is proof or not - that is an issue for another thread.
Correct. The Bible is scripture, not empirical evidence.    You haven't offered any "creationist evidence". That's what we've been asking for.  Of course, the above poster would also discount witness testimony in a court.   The Bible is testimony.  Quite apart from that historians do (arguably to different degrees) use the Bible as an historical document. This too, the above poster ignores.  So, all the evidences in the Bible aren't recognised, blanketly by the above poster. Hence, when faced with such dogged attachment to ignorance, we have to look to their own fields of belief
I, for one, would love to know how many historians, outside of seminaries, actually consider the Bible a historical document. (This might be better on the Religion page.)   How about John Romer?  Your statement itself is quite curious. Seminary implies Christian thinkers, so you've excluded all Jewish historians regardless of if they are deeply literal or not....  Such as in "The Bible Unearthed: Archaeology's New Vision of Ancient Israel and the Origin of Its Sacred Texts" by Israel Finkelstein, Neil Asher Silberman  I even recall on my 1985 HSC (Higher School Certificate)* Ancient History exam a question relating to the Book of Acts and how it described how people lived at the time of Christ.        * series of exams held in all schools in the state of New South Wales, at the end of High School.
Which author of the Bible was alive during the creation of the world, the creation of all organisms, and the Noachian flood?  God was there. God inspired the Bible's books.  He certainly communicated directly with Moses and other prophets. Then Jesus, God Incarnate, talks of God as Father, and Creator etc.
You've wandered into the completely unverified and unverifiable. One could claim God to be the author of any text.  "And then a giant turtle layed an egg which became the Earth and on it all the organisms of the world instantaneously grew upon it" -God  Look. I've got eyewitness testimony from God. Turtleism destroys evolution and creationism.   Crim, you asked me a question. I already know that you won't accept the evidence or that it is evidence.  It's well and truly vapid to say you've got testimony from God, because you don't believe in God.  So what argument have you presented? None, just a restatement for the 'x'th time of your athiesm.
Correct. I've just shown that you don't have anything to back yours up.   Err.. no all you've stated is that you don't recognise the evidence.  Then we are back to square one.. my original statement that the reason we discuss these issues with you is out of respect for your failings to understand the 'big' picture... that is, things that exist beyond sciences capacity to describe. So we have to use your limited framework...    Science only deals with a limited part of the universe.   Did other planets in other solar systems exist before science discovered them? If you say 'yes' then you'd have to recognise that there are things that ARE before they ARE SCIENTIFIC...    Do you believe in extra-terrestrial life?
No. Belief implies acceptance based on no evidence, just like you believe in the 6 days of creation, the garden of eden and a global flood. That is faith because there is no evidence that these bronze age myths have any foundation in fact. I don't believe in extra-terrestrial life but I recognize the possibility that it may exist. I assume that you weren't limiting your question to mean intelligent life.   So you have no beliefs, only facts. Sure you're not Vulcan?
Don't be stupid. Of course I do. But my beliefs don't involve unseen planets or life on them. My beliefs don't involve global floods for which that is no evidence. And my beliefs aren't about two different creation stories from the mythology of bronze age nomadic herdsmen.  Most of all, my beliefs don't involve subjects that I spent some years studying that are based on empirical observation. In all those years of study I didn't believe anything my teachers said.  So what is your point? Why misrepresent what I have said? I never even hinted at what you asserted. Can't you actually address the issues?  You seem to have degenerated into the "Oh yeah" mode of creationism spew.   This sort of post says volumes.  You have beliefs not based on science, but my beliefs not based on your version of science are irrational?  It says volumes about your own perception of your perceptions - that you are the font of all wisdom.  What a pity! I would hate to be so right all the time...  Still, obviously your senses are a better discerner of the truth than mine!
When do you think "science" discovered them?  Certainly they were known to the ancients. The word planet is derived from planetes in greek meaning "wanderer", since their motion was so different from the stars.   Karl, I was totally unaware that the ancients new of planets in other solar systems. This is a major break-through in ancient history.  If you have proof, I suggest you publish at once!
I said I would abandon this thread if it degenerated into this, but I have to say something here. Lurch and mont, there are plenty of threads on which you two can argue. Though my original post was simply to concede some points, I am seeing that this might have had the potential to get some good, honest information. You two fighting does help anything.  Montalban, I know the Bible is evidence for you and me, but as you state, this is not going to work for lurch et al. They need scientific proof. You are not going to disprove "goo-to-you" evolution to them without providing scientific proof. They have a fundamentally different belief system.  Lurch, can you look at some articles at http://www.icr.org and give me your honest opinion? This is an organization that has many reputable scientists on staff that are creationists. They actually do a large amount of research. They do field studies. What do you think about them?  -WarriorPoet-
Lurch, your reply is ad hominem. It contains no substance. I have read your earlier posts, and I know you have much knowledge. Why can you not do better than that?
You asked for my opinion and I gave it. You invited ad hominem. How else can I answer. Check the facts. The ICR doesn't do science and they require members to sign a pledge of faith that is essentially a promise not to do science. That isn't ad hom, that is a fact.  If you don't want my opinion then in the future don't ask for it. It's just a bit cheap to ask for a personal opinion and then criticize me when I give it.  :xbanghead  No, I didn't invite ad hom. I hoped for a more mature, informed answer. Obviously that was a mistake.   Signing a pledge to follow a creed and following a creed without signing a pledge are essentially the same thing. You are following the evolutionary creed. They are following the creationist creed. They approach science from a creationist perspective. You approach it from an evolutionary perspective. Same, same. You won't admit it, but they are the same. --------INSERT ARGUMENTS HERE--------   This is a debate board, not a "I think that is XXXX because it I think that is XXXX" board. If you can accuse creationists of not thinking, then come back with a simple, non-sensical reply with no evidence, then you are being dishonest. Even an opinion has to be backed by evidence for it to be taken seriously. You, of all people, have to realize that people looking at that site are not necessarily going to come to the conclusions you do. But they would just be stupid, blind devotees to nomadic herdsmen in your opinion anyway, so what does it matter.   Whatever, lurch.  -WarriorPoet-
Karl stated that the presence of other planets in our solar system was well known. You are deliberately obfuscating the issue. Let us try it again. Ancient cultures as early as the Egyptians if not before, recognized that there were five stars whose motions were predictable and that they followed the line the sun traced through the sky, the ecliptic. They 'discovered' the five planets visible from Earth with the naked eye. This is History of Astronomy 101 here....  Vindex Urvogel  Go read what he was replying to before you make a comment such as that one!  It was I talking about planets IN OTHER SOLAR SYSTEMS. Karl got this wrong and now you're defedning him? How sad! Sometimes it's best just to admit to a mistake emoticon_emb , but then I suppose if you keep arguing it, one of us is just going to give up on the issue.
Monty:  Please remember that you are speaking with people and as such they deserve respect. Comments such as "Go publish at once," and "How Sad" ar ad hominem and only harm your argument.   Remember return kindness for evil and you heap a bucket of coals upon the head of your attacker. Return evil for evil and you become no better. Others do it as well certainly but lets all aim for the higher ground eh?  Thank you.
Monty:  Please remember that you are speaking with people and as such they deserve respect. Comments such as "Go publish at once," and "How Sad" ar ad hominem and only harm your argument.   Remember return kindness for evil and you heap a bucket of coals upon the head of your attacker. Return evil for evil and you become no better. Others do it as well certainly but lets all aim for the higher ground eh?  Thank you.  I'm not very good at doing that. I tend to bite back. The only thing that Christianity has modified, is that I don't bite first.
Yes you do.  Okay, but only sometimes.
[/QUOTE] No. Belief implies acceptance based on no evidence, just like you believe in the 6 days of creation, the garden of eden and a global flood. That is faith because there is no evidence that these bronze age myths have any foundation in fact. I don't believe in extra-terrestrial life but I recognize the possibility that it may exist. I assume that you weren't limiting your question to mean intelligent life.   Lurch belief is based on evidence. Faith is baised on lack of evidence. Everyone believes something, but not everyone has the same faith. The problem you have with our belief is it finds its basis in our Faith. Fortunitly our Faith is well founded for there are evidences that our faith is not in error. However, from the outside looking in all you can see is our faith, and that makes you as bilind as you say we are. You refuse to belive or examine creation as equal to evolution because it means admitting that our faith may not be in error. A great landslide of ideas would gain merit if creation were true i.e. Virgin birth of Jesus, Ressurection of Jesus, and the Return of Jesus. Amonug these many other things which would create a struggle in the minds of the secular. Therefore it is easier to say creation is magic, and discredit it as such. This is the basis for a strong push amoung the secular to keep evolution the sole science in Public school. We wouldn't want children to have to think and evaluate evolution vs. creation. If they were equal then the outcome of each theory remains equally credible.
The "evidence" is a document that is not supported by objective evidence, and in actually suggests things that observations of the real world contradict. If you start with the assumption that the bible is correct, and then interpret the objective evidence found in the real world to fit what the bible says, and then insist this shows support of the bible... this is circular logic.   Science tries to describe the natural world, or describe the world with regards to what can be objectively observed. that's fine if you want to say that there are things beyond the natural world, however you can't suggest that science should acknowledge their existence because they are simply out of the scope of science.  It is spurious to suggest that there is objective evidence! Everyone interprets evidence filtered through and by their own senses and facilities.  That is the circular logic displayed by evolutionaries, that somehow, even though they are flawed and failed people, that they can someone reach out over these things and reach an level of objectivity beyond the realm of mere mortals. And then, to continue in that light, that their scientific truths are more rational than any others. If this were so, then how is it that science, especially evolutionary science has been subject to accepting quite a number of frauds, and continues to preach known fallacies?  Why is it that the same evidence points to serval competing and conflicting pathways in the ascent of man? It is because the evidence is evidence that exists outside of us, but it is useless to us unless we interpret it. And in interpreting it, we are subjecting it to our own limited capacities.  Even you give tacit recognition in this by saying 'Science tries..." not 'science does'.  As to things existing outside and beyond science, this happens all the time.  Has science explained the passion you feel about the subject of science?  Either a) science has described it, which means you are no more than a random conflux of chemicals, or DNA mutating, or magnetic fluctuations or b) science can't describe it, or shouldn't try, which means that science itself can never be the peak explanatory system of beliefs, because it is so limited.  Use your imagination. Dream. Live beyond science... you don't have to irrational to dream.
it's objective evidence because it's repeatable for anyone who has the desire and ability to do so.    This is lifted from another post I wrote... but it covers what you wrote...   Observation in labs doesn't 'prove' anything other than observation in labs!  This is a paraphrasing of a case put forward in "Chaos" by James Gleick Suppose that you are a scientist working in a lab? and you are given newly discovered bacteria and you are asked to describe its nature. You peer at it through a microscope and notice that the bacteria is quite ?excited? You write a paper explaining your observations. Other labs around the world, under similar conditions observe the same behaviour in the same bacteria. The conclusion is that the bacteria ARE as you had stated. But what you are failing to realise is that in order to observe the bacteria through a microscope, you are shining a light onto them. The bacteria could be reacting with the light, so how they ARE normally might be quite different to how they ARE when you observe them. Repeat observations would only confirm your misunderstanding!"    Thus it is wholly subjective!
Another example Gleick gives is that science over-looks reality for the sake of convenience  If you want to measure the surface area of a wooden table, you work from the measurements of the sides, however what you are in fact doing is over-looking all the little imperfections on the table surface. If you look closely there's lots of little divots and bumps. The closer you look the more bumps you find. Each little bump and divot affects the surface area, soon you'd have to go down to a molecular level, to measure the spaces between molecules...  But we don't. It's far simpler just to declare the surface area is 'x' and leave it at that. And no one really thinks about it... it is like a legal-fiction, only for science.
do you have an example of something science has decided to stop examining closer because it gets too detailed? and does the level of detail they refuse to study imply that some of the basic assumptions science makes is flawed?  Yes, Intelligent design
Thank you, WarriorPoet for such an honest post. I am impressed by your commitment to being open-minded - to truly debating, and I hope I will learn from it. We all have biases and need to be aware of it when debating. Much of the debate in this forum is high-level and intelligent, and I'm impressed by that and hope to learn from it as well. I am new to these forums, so maybe what I have to say has been heard, but hopefully I can give some scientific arguements for creation.   I think one of the strongest argument against evolution is the watch-maker arguement. Every day it gets stronger, as new discoveries are made about the miraculous(no other word truly describes it) complexity and beauty of the natural world. For one thing, such things as rotors and universal joints have been discovered in bacteria. (If you want references, ask and I'll try to find them) So the question is, how can we beleive that something so unbeleivably more complex than a watch as, say, myself was caused by completley random forces - when no-one would ever believe a watch lying on the ground had come to be by random forces as well?  The complexity of living organisms exceeds that of anything intelligent humans have designed by leaps and bounds. So the basic point is, evolution(by which I mean elements to bacteria to humans) is a long-shot. The chances of a planet such as Earth, capable of supporting any carbon-based life for any amount of time, occuring randomly are so low that you would expect very few to arise, even in our entire universe. So there's another long-shot. The long-shot's pile up until you basically have this...  The chance of random evolution occuring in our universe in 15 billion years, going from elements to people, are so low that the only possible way to believe in it occuring is to say there are an infinite number of random universes where evolution has a chance to occur, and it did occur in ours. But, according to science, individuals whithin a particular universe can never find evidence of another universe. So the scientific explanation must be based on there being only one universe. You can't assume there are other universes and still be scientific. So it comes down to something like this: We have flipped a coin ten-thousand times and it landed on heads every time. Yet some people say 'I don't beleive it is weighted, there must be millions of other people who are flipping coins as well, and we the the ones who happened to get only heads', while others say 'doesn't it make more sense if the coin is weighted, or two-headed?', and still others say 'of course the coin is weighted, we've know it for centuries!'.  So, that is the most basic and general evidence that we were created, as I know it. I would be happy to hear what everyone has to say about it and try to elaborate on some of the general statements I made if you want something more specific.
Quote"I suggest "the blind watchmaker", by Richard Dawkins, as it addresses this specific argument. It's not overly in depth, but it makes a lot of sense."  only if you're not incredulous.  AND I SUGGEST  "Darwin's Black Box" by Michael Behe that shows Dawkins is a loser in regards to actual possibilities, but he's very inventive at making great leaps (by little stages)   As to Intelligent Design, I guess you could be pedantic and say that they haven't stopped, because they haven't started.  So... "In some circles, however, opposition to the concept of evolution has persisted to the present. The argument from design has recently been revived by a number of academics with scientific credentials, who maintain that their version of the idea (unlike Paley's) is soundly supported by both microbiology and mathematics. These antievolutionists differ from fundamentalist creationists in that they accept that some species do change (but not much) and that Earth is much more than 6,000 years old. Like their predecessors, however, they reject the idea that evolution accounts for the array of species we see today, and they seek to have their concept -- known as intelligent design -- included in the science curriculum of schools.   ID is getting a hearing in some political and educational circles.   Most biologists have concluded that the proponents of intelligent design display either ignorance or deliberate misrepresentation of evolutionary science. Yet their proposals are getting a hearing in some political and educational circles and are currently the subject of a debate within the Ohio Board of Education. Although Natural History does not fully present and analyze the intelligent-design phenomenon in the pages that follow, we offer, for the reader's information, brief position statements by three leading proponents of the theory, along with three responses. The section concludes with an overview of the intelligent-design movement by a philosopher and cultural historian who has monitored its history for more than a decade." http://www.actionbioscience.org/evolution/nhmag.html
well behe mainly shows that because of irreducible complexity evolution could not have been a completely natural process, and there must have been some designer at some point. behe actually tosses around the idea that evolution as it is suggested today happened in it's entirety, except for the natural evolution of certain IC processes, which could have even been genetically coded into in the first single celled life forms.  Since robbie's main problem was the argument paley made i pointed him to a book that addressed that situation, and since robbie is also already leaning toward the creationist camp a point of view from the other side might be good... why try to tell him something he already knows?  a) Dawkins idea of tiny steps is ludicrous b) I don't assume that he's heard of Behe. No one I know has heard of him till I've pointed his book out.... news travels slow to the antipodes.
Thanks for the replies, 'The Blind Watchmaker' and 'Darwin's Black Box' are added to my book list. I've heard of 'Darwin's Black Box' before, but haven't read it. Actually, I am one of the creationists who've only read a few books, like WarriorPoet said. My arguments are based mostly on a book by Hugh Ross, I'm curious what you all think of him.  So, first with the watch-maker arguement... I don't see why you think this is a strong arguement. I have never read of any discovery that has been labeled 'miraculous'. We can see many of the pathways evolution has taken, there is no process or organ that has mysteriously formed. How does the watchmaker arguement get stronger everyday? Clearly this is only wishful thinking on your part.  I think it is a strong arguement simply because life is more complex than anything we creative and intelligent humans can match, therefore the most sensible beleif would be that life was created. Your statements seem to indicate that we now know a very detailed history of evolution. I was not aware of this, please give me some examples.  Your igonorance of evolution is showing. Evolution doesn't claim that we were formed by completely random forces. Mutations are selected by nature, the environment they express themselves in, as to whether they are beneficial, detrimental or neutral. This is natural selection and is certainly not random.   I agree partly with this statement - the main problem with the watchmaker argument is that it talks about completely random forces, whereas natural selection that 'favors' good mutations could be seen as non-random. However, there would be no natural selection before there was any life at all, so the first life would have had to be perfectly random. Also, though natural selection could be non-random, it is certainly not creative or intelligent (unless you want to start speaking of it as Nature, as some evolutionists understadably do) so I hold that even a psuedo-random force is very unlikely to have caused the kind of complexity we see in life.  ...evolution has been observed, it is a fact...  Creation has been observed, it is a fact. Neither statement makes a good arguement, do they?  What it really comes down to is the evidence. the evidence supporting the Theory of Evolution is overwhelming. Clearly it best explains the diversity of life on this planet. Supernatural creation, on the other hand, is completely without any evidence whatsoever. You cling to it on faith alone, faith in a book of primitive myths over 3000 years old.  Again, I am not aware of all this evidence. Why would a random, or sortofnotrandom force explain the stunning diversity and beauty of our planet better than a superintelligent, creative God? Its not debating when you say you're right and I'm wrong. I think your ignorance of the Bible is showing. For one example, multiple times in the bible it says God stretched out the heavens, in the same sense as expanding a tent. It seems to me that these prophets knew about the Big Bang a long time before our scientists did.  I haven't read 'The Blind Watchmaker' yet but I have come across a quote by Dawkins that pertains to the Watchmaker argument... "Paley's argument is made with passionate sincerity and is informed by the best biological scholarship of the day, but it is wrong, gloriously and utterly wrong. The analogy between telescope and eye, between watch and living organism, is false. All appearances to the contrary, the only watchmaker in nature is the blind force of physics, albeit deplored in a special way. A true watchmaker has foresight: he designs his cogs and springs, and plans their interconnections, with a future porpose in his mind's eye. Natural selection, the blind unconscious, automatic process which Darwin discovered, and which we now know is the explanation for the existence and apparently purposeful form of all life, has no purpose in mind. It has no mind and no mind's eye. It does not plan for the future. It has no vision, no foresight, no sight at all. If it can be said to play the role of watchmaker in nature, it is the blind watchmaker."  It seems to me that all Dawkins has done is say that Paley is wrong and outdated because his analogy speaks of random forces while natural selection does favor benificial genes. I don't see that it proves anything, since the heart of Paley's analogy is that life is more complex than anything we creative and intelligent humans can match, therefore the most sensible beleif would be that life was created by Someone who is superintellent and creative. (as I stated above)  TheoMorphic: When I was talking about long-shots I did mean both the chance of life ever happening in the first place, and of it continuing to become more complex. I have some more specific arguments to give you from Hugh Ross's book (I think it is 'Creator of the Cosmos', but am not sure) but I don't have it at the moment.  the truth is there are 2 limiting factors in the probability calculation. 1) we don't know how likely it is that life would arise by chance. Claims that we do know the probability are based on many many factors that are complete guesses. and 2) we don't know how often life has just happened by chance. it is possible that there is simple (or even complex) life on thousands and thousands of other planets. we just don't know about them. Of course it is also possible that there is no life except for us in the universe. but as for the actual probability calculation... right now it's just a big giant question mark.  Interesting. Again, I'm wishing I had that book right now. You definatly have a good point, but surely you would admit that the probablities are, in the least, somewhat mind-boggling.  but actually, most of this is beside the point. evolution deals with the mutation of compelx life from non complex life. it says nothing about the original probability of life forming. Evolution must explain how probable speciation has occurred, and possible how probable it is for single celled organisms to become multi celled organisms.  This is an important point. When I think of evolution, I always think of the Athestic Evolution, which seems to almost scramble desperately in its attempt to be rid of God and sets up Nature in His place. (I mean no offense to Atheists, just that I think you often are deeply biased in favor of evolution only because it seems to prove there is no God. And, of course, I am biased too.) So, are we to debate only evolution, after life had already begun, or do you want to include other feilds?  Lurch, you complain about creationists trying to 'impose your religion on everyone under the guise of science?'  I have a complaint to make too. I object to Atheists trying to prove there is no God by way of evolution. They impose their religion on others just as much, if not more.
Robbie, a bit more detail  Darwin's Black Box shows that regardless of the 'small steps' argument of Dawkins, some biological systems can't be made in such fashion. Behe wrote after Dawkins, so he goes over a lot of Dawkins' arguments.  That the blood-clotting cascade can't be put together bit by bit because it is a system that either works as a whole or not - with fatal results.  Many people will try to critcise, but not the argument, but against the arguer so e.g. Behe is religious, or Johnson is a lawyer (or a religious lawyer).  You will hear the argumental phrase "strawman" crop up so many times, as well.
Creation has not been observed. If you mean all the life forms around us are proof of creation... that's a little different (and debatable). As far as god's original creation... that was not observed by anyone. the authors of the bible were not around at that time, and not even adam and eve were created yet to observe it. what if god was hanging out, and the universe popped into existence by chance with adam and eve and god just took the credit... (j/k)  Creation has been observed. By the Creator! It has also been observed through the intervention of the Holy Spirit; by a great many Holy Fathers.   The goal of atheists is not to prove there is no god... well... there may be some like this, but for the most part they are concerned with discovering the truth through science. Science doesn't even try to take a stance on god. it's always going to remain "there is no evidence either for or against the existence of god.   Generally the goal of atheists and Christians is to convert - otherwise we'd not have this forum. I doubt anyone is here to just to discuss, but there is an element of learning about each other too  an individual's thinking science is a threat to their religion is not justification to call the methods or observations of science into question.   However if a person sees an actual mistake science has made in observation or methodology they should be with out a doubt bring that mistake into light. All to often however, creationists have ulterior motives for calling science into question (religious only).   It is when science calls my methods of observation into question. It is when it denies my evidence as evidence... it could deny it as not being 'scientific evidence' but then no one on this forum's done that. Lurch and Crim have just said ... "it's not evidence" period!  Not only do some creationists unjustly challenge science, some try to pass their religion off as science. This would be fine only if they adhered to the rules of science... but normally they do not.  Creationists and creation science are two things. What are the 'rules of science' and has anyone observed abiogenesis?  Has anyone observed alien life? Yet it is perfectly reasonable (amongst many scientists) to look for life, to spend big on SETI etc.
As WJA thinks that pointing to a web-site argument is itself an argument, then I shall do likewise...  http://www.arn.org/docs/behe/mb_indefenseofbloodclottingcascade.htm  Is Behe's debunking of Doolittle's critique.  Here's a bit of what it says "Professor Doolittle argued that new laboratory work showed two components of the blood clotting cascade could be eliminated ("knocked-out") from mice and the mice got along fine without them. However, Doolittle misread the laboratory work: the double knock-out mice have severe problems and have no functioning blood clotting system They are not models of evolutionary intermediates. "
so you?re going to take his word for it? Hopefully you?ll require some kind of qualification, or proof from someone (something) before you blindly believe what they say. So what?s his proof? ?I created the universe, I?m all powerful, and I never lie?. well, the creation of the universe is in question, so claiming that is just circular logic, and isn?t admissible as proof. Same with the second, creating the universe could suggest he?s all powerful, but again it would be circular logic to accept this as the creation of the universe is in question. And the last? how do we know he never lies? Well, most of his assertions (the bible) can?t be independently confirmed, so we?re not sure about the accuracy of that either.   You bet I'll take God's word about it.  The Bible can't be independently confirmed? That's funny. It is, each and every day by people who experience it's wonder.  er? don?t confuse Christian goals with non-Christian goals. Maybe that?s the goal of some, but there is no atheist dogma that states atheists should convert theists to atheism. That?s certainly not my goal here. I see creation ?science? as not real science, and so it should not be presented as such. Religious beliefs that state the origins of the universe are fine by me, just as long as they don?t insist it was a factual, historical event that is supported by scientifically confirmable evidence.   I see evolutionary science as not real science.  I?m not certain, but I think they have made comments like that with out supporting reasons because it should be blindingly clear why the bible is not admissible as evidence? that is for anyone who is familiar with the scientific method. Even if parts of the bible were shown to be historically accurate events, that does not mean the entire bible is historically accurate. Scientific observations must be repeatable. Historic documents are only accepts if multiple sources can independently verify each other.   The Bible is 'witness' testimony. "When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we chan shrug it off: his right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)  Michel de Montaigne in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"   To qualify for consideration in science a hypothesis must be testable, falsifiable, reproducible, and tentative. The hypothesis must also make some kind of prediction.   See what I wrote regarding bacteria being observed... How do you know, at any given moment in time that our sun is still in existence?  evolution does not depend on abiogenesis to be true. Abiogenesis are given serious thought (over creation stories) because there is nothing that is fundamentally limiting observations in this area. On the other hand, a higher being can not be objectively observed (for all to see).  Evolutionaries put great faith in abiogenesis. What observations of abiogenesis have been made? None.  again, there is nothing fundamentally limiting observations of life elsewhere in the universe.  How do you know, at any given moment in time that our sun is still in existence?
Postscript...  Well, most of his assertions (the bible) can?t be independently confirmed, so we?re not sure about the accuracy of that either.    It is actually technically remiss of you to keep bringing this up as a point - as my Church doesn't limit itself to the Bible. We also have Holy Tradition.  Is there any particualr teaching by any particualr Church Father that you object to?
does everyone experience it?s wonder? Can this wonder be tested? Is it falsifiable?  If you doubt the people making such claims. Did you not read my quote from Michel de Montaigne?  what requirement of science does it violate?  Simply put there is a huge amount of speculation based on small pieces of evidence. Take for example mutually exclusive theories that it contains, quite happily. I've documented these on other posts, such as the several different schools of thought how mankind arose. They're all using the same evidence, but coming up with different theories, yet it's all still accepted as true.   heck, even when I do see it I?m not sure it?s there. But a sun probably exists because I?ve seen it quite a number of times, and everyone I know has seen it quite a number of times also. I?ve also read multiple convincing papers and books that talk about what the sun is made of, and how it works, and where it cam from, and how it will probably die. It can?t be directly observed all the time, but it has been observed, and it is unreasonable to assume it goes away when it is not observed.   At any given point in time, when you feel the sun's rays, you could say "I know the sun is there", but it may have exploded. It takes some time (granted a very short time) for the sun's rays to reach you. So what you are experiencing is something of a past event. A better analogy would have been any other star, but the principle's the same. What you observe is true, but to a point.  God himself could have come down and put the first self replicating molecules in the primordial ooze, and evolution as it exists would be exactly the same.   Did you not read my post about the allegorical approach to the Bible? Sometimes I feel that you don't read what I've written.(but see below)  yeah? you?ve been saying evidence you present has been smugly rejected, and I just keep assuming you mean the bible. What else do you propose as evidence? What is holy tradition?  You assume wrongly... The single biggest Christian denomination is the Catholic Church. Next biggest is the Orthodox Church. Both these follow Holy Tradition. Not numerically as great are the Coptic Churches. So, you've simply argued past the majority of Christians.  Holy Tradition is the faith of the Orthodox Church. It is the Bible as interpreted by the Church. We believe that Holy Tradition is the Bible as best understood. So, likewise, if you read a law, you might want an interpretation of the law, so you pick up a law book, hopefully written by someone who's studied the subject.  Likewise we have the Church Fathers, and lesser writers who have commentated on the Scripture.  The basis for this is... the Bible didn't fall out of heaven fully written. It took time to compile. The first teachings of Christ were oral. Christ commissioned his Apostles to go out and preach in His name. They did so, they established the early Church and the offices therein.  When it came time to put the Bible together the Church gathered together and looked at over a hundred books that were in circulation. They said "Which of these are in keeping with what we've always taught?" and guided by the Holy Spirit they compiled the Bible.  Peter, who knew Jesus, taught others their faith. Clement of Rome was one of his disciples. Clement also wrote on issues, so we can read Clement's epistle. Ignatius of Antioch's another one. All the way down to the present when we have writers today.  What you are critiquing therefore is but a tiny part of our Christianity. Like trying to discern Australia society by reading the few pages of our Constitution only.  Thus, on another post, when dealing with the Orthodox idea of love and marriage, I listed sources: Those who have written about love, marriage (that is a union under God of a man with a woman) and sexuality: Basil the Great (330-79) Gregory of Nyssa (331-95) John Chrysotomon (347-407) The Desert Fathers (4th-5th centuries) Isaiah the Solitary (5th century) Diadochos of Photike (5th century) Dorotheos of Gaza (6th century) Gregory the Great (540-604) Theodore the Ascetic (7th century) Maximos the Confessor (580-662) Thaslassios the Libyan (7th century) Dionysios the Areopagite (c.500) John Klimakos (579-649) Symeon the New Theologian (949-1022) Nicholas Kavasilas (1322-96) Symeon of Thessalonika (d.1429) Dimitri of Rostov (1651-1709) Macarius of Optino (1788-1860) Ignatius Brianchaninov (1807-67) John of Kronstad (1829-1908) Silouan of Athos (1866-1938) Alexander Elchaninov (1881-1934) Kallistos of Diokleia (b.1934) list taken from "Love, Sexuality, and the Sacrament of Marriage" by John Chryssavgis  Or, on Genesis, I could go to the writings of some of the Church Fathers who have written on this particular subject; John Chysotomon, Epharim the Syrian, Basil the Great, Ambrose of Milan, John Damascene, Anthanasius the Great, Gregory of Nyssa et al. AND THESE WRITERS SUGGEST A LITERAL INTERPRETATION.  People such as those writing on these posts seem to think that I'm stupid for submitting to the will of my Church. I recognise their long standing and expertise.   *Scripture alone.
I have been thinking about what lurch said about us creationists wanting to convice people to accept Jesus Christ as their savior and friend. It's quite simple really. If you beleived a person would suffer unimaginable despair if they didn't, would you keep it to yourself?  The goal of atheists is not to prove there is no god... well... there may be some like this, but for the most part they are concerned with discovering the truth through science. Science doesn't even try to take a stance on god. it's always going to remain "there is no evidence either for or against the existence of god.   It's my opinion that atheists are motivated by their faith just as much as creationists. They champion evolution because they think it says there is no God, and because it does say that God took no personal part in our creation. Very few are the pure scientists with no belief one way or the other. If any. So in some theories science says nothing about God, but in practice it is not that way. Maybe I'm getting off topic, but I am convinced that the same biases creationists are accused of exist equally on the other side. It seems to me that the atheists make too big a deal out of the bias a creationist has, when they have it too.  I don't think science can provide no evidence for the existence of God, rather, no proof.   Firstly sorry about the ignorant crack I made, I'm not here to insult. (And I even spelled it wrong, talk about 'igonorance'......)   :) Here I was expecting just another arrogant evolutionist who'd never cracked a Bible cover when you come out and say this! I was wrong to assume you were ignorant about the Bible, but then I was justifyably steamed up when you said I was clinging to primitive myths by faith alone, although I have begun by pure faith. Primitive myth wasn't the most neutral description of what I (hopefully) live by.  When I said that the statement 'creation is fact' is not a good standalone arguement, I was trying to say that you kept saying stuff like - well - 'evolution is fact' without giving me any reason or evidence I could look at.  A non random force acting on an uncountable number of ecological niches that periodically change, sometimes dramatically, would produce a stunning array of diversity. As for evidence, look at the fossil record, we see a progression of change, we don't see static creatures that suddenly appear and show no signs of evolution. We don't see a mixture of older, more primitive organisms with modern organisms, the fossil record is in a temporal order that is predicted by the theory of evolution. Genetics shows organisms that we observe to be closely related are genetically more similar, just as the theory of evolution predicts.  Finally, you made a statement that tried to show the logic behind evolutionary theory, rather than saying its right! I mean no offense, but you've been talking as if there was no need for logic to accompany your statements that evolution is fact. OK, first with the other statements... I honestly don't know where to find the fossil records you speak of, that's my problem here! Where in the theory of evolution does it say that organisms related genetically should be similar???  I think it's something else to say a pseudo-random force would produce the array of diversity we see, but that's just me I guess :) What do you say about irreducibly complex structures?  I don't think it follows that because we can't create complex life, it must have been a greater creator, God. At one point man did not understand electricity, could not create electricity, therefore does it follow that the primitive people who attributed it to the gods were right because they couldn't create lightning bolts? This is a God of the Gaps arguement, if/when we can create complex cells and lifeforms, does this disprove creationism? As for a 'very detailed history of evolution' how detailed are you talking about? Take a look at the fossils for reptile to mammal evolution, or the evolution of the whale, or human evolution. I think examples such as these and hundreds more overwhelmingly support the theory of evolution. Incremental changes, selected for by the environment over generations can radically change organisms, complexity can dramatically increase. And while we can see many of the mechanisms of evolution at work, there is still no evidence of supernatural intervention.  The point is, if years and years of purposed work by us intelligent, creative humans still hasn't changed 'primordial soup' in the most favorable conditions into any form of life(I'm talking about the attempts to cause abiogenisis) then surely it's unlikely that random forces could have, unless given infinity universes to work in. And no it isn't proof. It is saying that the most logical cause is the one to pick. And yes, this isn't talking about evolution per se, it is talking about Atheistic Evolution. And if the whole history of creative human effort cannot hope to match life then how likely is it for a non-intelligent, non-creative force to have done it?  You've said: "We can see many of the pathways evolution has taken, there is no process or organ that has mysteriously formed." basically implying that we've mapped out the evolutionary history of all processes and organs. Where can I find these maps? Where can I find an observed case of drastic complexity increase? We only see the mecanisms of micro-evolution, we haven't seen species change. Has evolution stopped? Why do 0 new species occur, while thousands upon thousands dissapear? You speak as if evolution were everyday common sense and I say that I must have missed something if this is the case, and won't you please show me where I can find what I've missed!
but that?s hardly reason to invalidate evolution. They are arguing over the details. All these schools of thought agree that evolution happened, they just aren?t sure about the specifics. But at the end of the day one scientific theory will hold, and the others will be falsified.  It would seem rather odd. If I heard on the news a prosecutor in America was calling before the court 14 different black men, each who had nothing to do with each other, on account of a murder, then I'd not say, 'so long as it's a muder trial, and one of them must be guilty... it's okay'. I'd be very suspicious if the DA had 'evidences' that each individual was a prime suspect.  I would suspect bias. And, lo and behold, many of the people who believe in evolution don't believe in God. Thus I suspect bias, because they are all looking around for an explanation that doesn't involve God.  This is why Crick had to come up with the idea of panspermia "Francis Crick also thinks that life on earth may have begun when aliens from another planet sent a rocket ship containing spores to seed the earth. This is no idle thought; Crick first proposed it with chemist Leslie Orgel in 1973 in an article entitled "Directed Panspermia" in a professional science journal called Icarus. A decade later Crick wrote a book, Life Itself, reiterating the theory; in a 1992 interview in Scientific American on the eve of the publication of his latest book, Crick reaffirmed that he things the theory is reasonable."  Behe, M, "Darwin's Black Box", p238   Why? Because he need to explain the origins of life on earth, but has already ruled out one major theory - God.  I forgot why this came up in the first place? so we know what we see of the sun isn?t happening in real time? but so what? Does that mean we can?t trust what we do observe?   I believe you said that you or science believed in only what you can observe. So I'm trying to show with this, and my example about bacteria being observed, the limitations of that.  You in fact have faith that the sun still exists. You are just not aware of it.  So they believe that a literal interpretation of the bible should be taken. Do these authors who say a literal interpretation should be taken offer any new evidence as to the validity of genesis? It?s hardly convincing to say that individuals say genesis should be interpreted literally. This is not evidence that genesis happened, unless they bring new information to light. Genesis still has to stand on it?s own.   Most of them wrote before Darwin was even thought of. As I said, the evidence comes from God, as experienced through these people. I implore you to read the quote I gave from Michel de Montaigne. Actually I'll add it at bottom  This is a good point. Is testimony from individuals from other religions proof of their religion? If yes, what does that say about your religion? If not, why the hypocrisy?  Your argument being that none of these religions can possibly be true because there are so many of them. But you accept all the theories of evolution as being true.     "When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we chan shrug it off: his right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)  Michel de Montaigne in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"   I'll throw in this quote to, because you seem to scoff at what you don't believe...  "It is not perhaps without good reason that we attribute to simple-mindedness a readiness to believe anything and to ignorance the readiness to be convinced, for I think I was once taught hat a belief is like an impression stamped on our soul: the softer and less resisting the soul, the easier it is to print anything on it...On the other hand there is a silly arrogance in continuing to disdain something and to condemn it as false just because it seems unlikely to us. That is a common vice among those who think their capacities are above the ordinary".  "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities", Michel de Montaigne (1993), "The Essays: A Selection", Penguin Classics, p74.
Untrue. Most people who believe in evolution also believe in god:  http://abcnews.go.com/sections/science/DailyNews/evolutionviews990816.html http://www.religioustolerance.org/ev_publi.htm#earth http://www.atheists.org/flash.line/evol7.htm http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evolution_Poll  I think all of these polls reflect views in the US, but I couldn?t find any polls conducted in Australia? I doubt the percentages would be much different though.  At any rare, these polls show that most of the people who believe in evolution do believe in god, so the accusation that evolution advocates have a hidden agenda of proving god doesn?t exist is unfounded.  Ah, I see the bias already. You are a cultural imperialist! I am not so vain as to believe that my country speaks for the rest of the world. Most Christian people live in the 3rd World. Most Muslims don't agree with evolution. You have many Hindu as well. Already you've got a huge amount of people who believe in God, and not in evolution. And animists in the jungles of South America don't either.    I suppose in a way that?s faith, but it?s very different from religious faith. Religious faith can exist with out any evidence, however, every time we see the sun, that is further evidence that it exists. It?s ?faith? (or a belief) but it is not void of any evidence. The sun has always existed before? why should it stop now?  Every time I hear of a miracle, I could say the same thing.  I fail to see how the time the article was written has anything to do with it?s validity. No one (except for, as you say, god) was around for the first creation, so any revelations that say he did it would have to come through him.   I think God is the ultimate source of knowledge. Even Satan acknowledges God's greatness... and he despises Him for it.  1) no I don?t accept all theories of evolution to be true. I believe one theory will withstand the test of time, and will be shown to be a much better model than all the other. And you make it sound like there are some huge discrepancies. The discrepancies come from details that could have happened in several different ways. They all believe evolution happened. for example, if you and several other people were to see a car crash, you would all know a car crash happened. but you may not agree on if a man or a woman was driving, or the time of day, or the color of the car? however debating the details does not take away from the fact that the car crash did happen?  No, you could see car wreckage, and it could be modern art.... put there for a reason.  however, more importantly:  2) You claim personal revelations are valid evidences for your religion? would you take the same stance on personal revelations concerning OTHER religions? I?m not saying this is proof to cancel them all out. What I mean to gain is to find out if you are either a hypocrite, or you?ll admit that other religions have valid supporting evidence (according to you).  I don't deny that a Hindu, a Muslim, an animist all have genuine religious experiences at all. You can smoke dope and have a 'religious experience', according to NineInchNails, you can have a religious experience whilst 'on the job'. What separates me from them is the source of the experience.
theomorphic, one of your web-sites I don't like.  I think religious tolerence is over-rated and widely misunderstood.
I said I looked for other polls but couldn?t find any. In the US at least 80% of supports of evolution also believe in god. If you want to say most Muslims, and Hindus, and whoever mostly don?t believe in evolution back up the claim with sources. Otherwise you can be accused of making up information.  I think it was you who made the statement to begin with, that and tried to show by using polls of Americans that this correlates to the rest of the world... including non-Americans and non-Christians.  However as educational standards in most third world countries are known to be inadequate, and that the basics of schooling are usually just reading and writing it is far more certain to propose that the majority of people who believe in God, have never even heard of evolution. Therefore they are unlikely to believe in something they've never heard of.  The Orthodox Church has made no formal acceptance of evolution.  ?the source of the experience?? So since it comes from your god it is admissible as evidence? This sounds like you are dismissing their ?evidence? (again according to you communication from god is admissible) because they do not say it come from the same place as you. So it looks like you are a hypocrite. You accept ?evidence? that supports your belief (because it comes from a reliable source), and reject ?evidence? that does not support your belief (because it obviously comes from a fallacious source). You then in turn attempt to use this ?evidence? as support of your religion? and now that it has been confirmed to you that this religion is the true one, you can accept and reject more evidence based on if it supports or goes against this established religion. This is circular logic.  What is your problem that I accept God's teachings and reject people's teachings that don't come from God? How is that 'hypocritical'? I am in fact practicing what I preach. I accept that their experiences are true (see below), but come from different sources than mine. I have stated this, you seem to believe that I believe it... so what's your problem? Why would I accept evidence from something I believe to be an unreliable source?  However, I'd like to revisit what you said... quote:"You accept ?evidence? that supports your belief (because it comes from a reliable source), and reject ?evidence? that does not support your belief (because it obviously comes from a fallacious source)" is something you do! You are being hypocritical, by your own standards! For, not only do you not accept religious evidence as anything other than subjective experience, you don't even believe all that you consider 'objective' evidence. You said in an earlier post " no I don?t accept all theories of evolution to be true" So a) how do you know which evolutionary truths are true? b) what makes you certain that these are right, when other scientists can give rational explanations for their beliefs?  Why would it be wrong for me to believe in God and believe that other people have the wrong message? You don't seem to be arguing that my truth isn't THE TRUTH, you're arguing that I can't believe in THE TRUTH.  But you're misunderstanding me completely. And I'm not fully understanding you either. There are two issues here. I'm not sure which it is that you're arguing. That a) I know God exists or b) That people can have religious experiences.  People having religious experience: I believe a person who says they have a religious experience, I'm not judging them of that. You are. I said the sources of that experience are varied. Some people can have a religious experience having sex, or smoking dope. I never said that I doubted their genuineness at all. You doubt it because you don't believe in religious experiences, just science. You might accept that they are having an 'experience' but that it is not religious or supernatural. So, let's look at genuinely supernatural experience...  People having 'genuine' religious experience in the sense of what you really mean... that is an experience with something/someone supernatural. And again I don't doubt Hindus, Muslims, non-Orthodox are having genuine experiences with the super-natural. But you'd doubt this too. Even though you accept the limitations of science (as stated in an earlier post) you don't accept the notion of people who have extra-science experience. I find this odd. I can't understand what you're arguing against, unless you have some 'third way' idea that's neither supernatural/religious, nor scientific.  The supernatural is a big place. That is why I suggested that their experiences come from different sources. I believe mine come from God. There are many being out there: God, angels, demons, Satan.  Another issue here is certainty. And here again, at best, you are uncertain of what you believe in and are trying through logic to show flaws in why I should be certain of my beliefs; even though you also admit you're not out to convert anyone. This makes no sense. You admit there's a small possibility that you might just be a brain in a box... so why then do you believe in what you believe in? How do you know anything you experience is 'real' in the sense that it doesn't just exist by your experience of it?  IF you don't know, then why believe in particular in evolution and why not religion? -what is it about not believing in God that appeals?  IF you are certain, then why is it amazing that I would be certain too, especially when you claim that the two aren't mutually exclusive? Or is it that you are certain, and you just want to see if I've come to this certainty the same way you have?  How do you know anything? How do you know that is real? What if your experiences are just an attempt to put into order a jumble of feelings?  Here's a very long argument about the existence of God. I hope you spend many days reading it. http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/06608b.htm  and actually... it wouldn't matter how many Christians you found in the rest of the world. in regards to people who support evolution MOST also believe in a god. So what if you find a bunch of people who believe in a god, but not evolution... this does not increase the proportion of theists to atheists in the "supports of evolution" category.  thus refuting your claim that supports of evolution are driven by their desire to disprove god. If you wanted to show this first you would have to find lots of atheists who also supported evolution.  I've no idea what you mean by this. I think though the simple claim made by you was 'most people who believe in God, believe also in evolution'. There is no proof of this.
Originally Posted by montalban What is your problem that I accept God's teachings and reject people's teachings that don't come from God? How is that 'hypocritical'? I am in fact practicing what I preach. I accept that their experiences are true (see below), but come from different sources than mine. I have stated this, you seem to believe that I believe it... so what's your problem? Why would I accept evidence from something I believe to be an unreliable source?  Theomorphic said: You insist science should accept individuals testimony that messaged from God, are actually from God, and should be used as evidence. However, you only want to accept religious testimony that comes from people who say they heard YOUR God.    Firstly, I don't say science should accept individuals testimony as evidence. I said you should. You are not science. Crim too rejected out of hand that testimony was evidence.  Secondly, you didn't address the idea that you reject all religious experiences as being genuine at all. You accept that I don't believe in the same things as a lot of other religious people, but carte blanche you've rejected all our experiences in toto, because they're not based on science! Where is the rationale in that? Is that not hypocritical, by your own definition? BUT You've changed subtly here. At first you were saying that I didn't accept in toto anyone else's religious experience as a genuine religious experience, now it's just those experiences from God that I accept. Not at all. Satan hears from my God. I don't accept his word at all. Never said that either. I accept the revelations by God however as revealed to the Orthodox Church.  The unreliable source to which I reference is 'man' it is for this reason I don't put all my hopes in evolution. You deny religious experience as 'evidence' I DO NOT! What I said was I believe that my experience comes from God. I didn't say that their's aren't also super-natural in origin. You do that.  You accept all the conflicting evidences of evolution, because they all point to evolution. I accept all the conflicting evidences of religion because they point to God! What is your problem here? Like you, I accept that one of these is the truth. I told you either on this thread or another, that I don't deny a Hindu his religious experience is genuine at all.  Again this is because your belief system is superior to mine. You can believe in evolution despite the different testimony, but I can't believe in God? But let's look at your evidences...  Originally Posted by montalban However, I'd like to revisit what you said... quote:"You accept ?evidence? that supports your belief (because it comes from a reliable source), and reject ?evidence? that does not support your belief (because it obviously comes from a fallacious source)" is something you do! You are being hypocritical, by your own standards! For, not only do you not accept religious evidence as anything other than subjective experience, you don't even believe all that you consider 'objective' evidence. You said in an earlier post " no I don?t accept all theories of evolution to be true" So a) how do you know which evolutionary truths are true? b) what makes you certain that these are right, when other scientists can give rational explanations for their beliefs?  Theomorphic said: what objective evidence (not religious, because that?s in question) do I not believe? You say I don?t even consider all objective evidence? please give me a few examples (my definition of objective evidence).  I say:  Again, you've just written-off every genuine religious experience with the wave of your hand. This is because a priori you've accepted that there is no God. You get around this by saying your beliefs are based on objective truths.  You believe that evolution is couched in objective evidence. I say it can't be 'objective'; proofed by the fact you have so many different and conflicting theories. Not very 'objective'. But then how do you explain away these conflicts...?  Theomorphic: As for evolution: I don?t know what theories are true? but I?m pretty sure it only happened one way. Not several. When everything is known about the earth?s past (physical evidence only) one theory of evolution will survive over the others. Science doesn?t claim to know everything about evolution? studies are still being done, and ideas are still being tossed around. In the end I?m pretty sure one ?rational? belief will continue to be rational, and other will become irrational (and woe be to the scientist who clings to his scientific ?truth? despite evidence contrary).   Here you are contradicting yourself again. You claimed in another post that science will always have an element of uncertainty, now you're saying effectively, 'given enough time... one truth will emerge' That's just faith again. But it's supposedly superior faith, because what? It's based on faith in science?  Effectively you're arguing these sets of arguments a) My religious experience is not genuine evidence because other people have other religious experiences. b) Your experience of evolution is evidence, despite the fact that there are a number of different 'experiences' to be had from evolution.  a) Science can't know all the facts... but is still to be relied upon over everything else b) One day science will have the answers  So in effect, your system of beliefs is more rational and logical than mine, based on the fact that you believe in your beliefs not mine.  You still haven't really addressed the issue of why you believe in what you believe. You pass this off as something that you just happen to, until something else is proved to you.  So, why believe in it at all? Why not believe in a god, or a number of gods.  This is the failing of your argument - you've started with a lack of faith in God, and worked your way back from that to establish your frame-work for thinking.  You keep getting back to this thing too about your perceptions being superior to mine... although sometimes you say you just want me to concede that I should have some doubt, because you do, and yet you are certain that there's no certainty! How do you know?
Well, regardless of if you actually have doubts or not, you don?t know if what you believe is absolutely true. Go watch ?The Truman Show?, ?The Matrix? and ?The thirteenth floor?? wait? not sure about that last one? I reserve the right to change the movie title of that last one.   All these movies point to the fact that we can?t absolutely know what we observe is a reflection of reality. Even religious revelations may be synthetic in some way.  So your basing your argument on a movie? Yes, and perhaps there's a 'force' out there too, do you consider this a possibility? No, of course you don't because you've already discounted the super-natural... you are certain of this.  Science does fall into this pit too, however they don?t deny there is a pit.   So, you're certain of science because it's uncertain? Odd! I'm certain of religion because it's certain. No point believing in a belief system that doesn't really believe itself! You feel passionate about science, I can see that. Your passions are inexplicable, at least as far as science itself is concerned. You are certain in a system of beliefs that can't even explain why you are certain or passionate about it.  Science says ?well of course we can?t absolutely know if this is accurate? but so far we have no reason to believe it?s inaccurate, so we?ll continue just assuming it is right until we have reason to believe otherwise?.    Now you're skipping around again; it's hard to keep up. You say now that science is not absolute... but in another post you said it was with regards to thermodynamics, or General Dynamics or whatever.  So, with your uncertainty, you're certain that I should be too. How do you know, if you are not certain? How can you judge God? (when you freely admit that science can't, nay shouldn't try to mess with religion)
are you doing this on purpose? I am not ?certain? of science because of it?s uncertainty. I see science as the best way to build a body of knowledge of the physical world.  Why is it the best? Effectively, if you're not certain, you've just taken a stab in the dark based on the fact that it's a belief system that doesn't involve God.  I am certain of God.    Originally Posted by montalban Odd! I'm certain of religion because it's certain. No point believing in a belief system that doesn't really believe itself! You feel passionate about science, I can see that. Your passions are inexplicable, at least as far as science itself is concerned. You are certain in a system of beliefs that can't even explain why you are certain or passionate about it.   I?m passionate about it because I see it to be the best way to build a body of knowledge of the physical world. No other system has ever done something like this in the past.  How are you certain of your religious beliefs? How could you POSSIBLY tell the difference between a synthetic world, and a real world (please answer this question)?  Why is it the best? You don't know that it is... you're just assuming that there is knowledge, and that the best way of addressing this knowledge is by a system of beliefs.  I am certain of my religious beliefs. I am living in the real world. I have never doubted God's existence. I am certain. You are not. It's difficult to explain this certainty to someone who doesn't believe it's possible.    Originally Posted by montalban Now you're skipping around again; it's hard to keep up. You say now that science is not absolute... but in another post you said it was with regards to thermodynamics, or General Dynamics or whatever.  I have ALWAYS said science is not absolute. I challenge you to find a quote (in context) that has me claming science was the absolute arbitrator for truth, or it was infallible.  I think you did mention something about water boiling. You seemed certain of a particular set of rules in that regard. You might have said something in relation to thermodynamics, but it might well have been another poster. Certainly it would seem to be infallible in some things      Originally Posted by montalban So, with your uncertainty, you're certain that I should be too. How do you know, if you are not certain? How can you judge God? (when you freely admit that science can't, nay shouldn't try to mess with religion)  I?ve never tried to ?judge? God. The most I have said about god is ?I have no evidence that supports the existence of God.? And I do not try to convince other people that there is no evidence of God. If they have subjective experiences that show otherwise? or even no experiences, they can believe whatever they want.  You can be as certain as you want? but you will never actually know. Again, how could you tell the difference from a synthetic universe, and a real universe?  I do know. This is the real world. There is a God.  How do I show you that God exists? Well it's very difficult as you've dissed all the witness statements, you want to confine 'proof' to science, when you admit that science a) is fallible b) can't deal with the supernatural anyway.  Further point... a) by being a fallible system, even if it were possible to prove God exists, someone else could question the methodologies etc. b) you've painted yourself into a corner of never being able to believe.  Even if God came down from heaven and tapped you on the shoulder you wouldn't believe in Him. You'd put it down to CIA drugs in the water, or a Hollywood stunt - you've been Punk'd!
Simply asserting it again doesn?t make it true. Please tell me how you could tell the difference between a synthetic world and a real world. Bald ascertains just don?t count, they are not reasons, they are just claims. I?m sure flat earthers way back in the day never questioned that the earth was flat? does that make their strong absolute beliefs correct?  Simply denying it doesn't make it false. But I've told you, how many times do I need to spell this out... you want to use science as the rule to measure the existence of God, when you know that science can do no such thing, and because it can't you don't believe in God. That's one of the most convaluted and circular reasonings I've ever come acrosss. You're deliberately putting yourself into a position where you couldn't possibly be open to the possibility of God.  But, you can prove the earth isn't flat, using science. Come up with a better analogy, please.  Why is it the best way to build a body of knowledge about the physical world? The proof is in the pudding. Using scientific theories we have sent men to the moon in back, we have increased the food production of the world to keep up with our growing numbers, we have cured diseases (and irradiated them in some cases), we have looked inside atoms, and we have seen the far reaches of the universe. It?s the best way we know of now. If there was some ?thing? that had effects on the physical world, but no existence in the physical world, if miracles (that all could see) happened every day with no physical explanation, if the laws of physics were completely random (always changing) then the scientific method would not be enough? and until one of the afore mentioned problems crops up, it will still be the best way to address everything we have observed.   Circular reasoning. Science proving itself to be the best way?  To you it may seem like science is pretending to be infallible? but the conclusions drawn using the scientific method are always tentative. Did you look at that website I gave you about the scientific method? Please go read it.   I have, and you're right, their reasoning is highly fallible.  And about water boiling? I?m going to have to take that back. It doesn?t quite work because the Celcius scale is defined by water boiling at 100 degrees. So observing it to boil at 100 degrees is circular logic. Try this for an objective observation: A feather and a marble in a vacuum drop at the same speed.  I've got to tell you this... I was cleaning the house with my vacuum. After a few hours, it got clogged up. I took the whole thing outside to empty it, but I forgot about it, and left it out all night. It rained. In the morning I found that it wouldn't work... proving that nature abhors a vacuum!  if you agree that God is purely supernatural in nature, then science has no business explaining it. Stemming from that God today would have no impact on the physical world. Personal revelations, and subjective experiences are not admissible as evidence because they are not verifiable, and not objective.  God is supernatural in nature.  You can keep repeating your assertion about objective evidence till the cows come home. It might help you sleep at night. And there you were claiming that there are no absolutes as far as science is concerned. Obviously there is... that a piece of evidence is objective.  err? well sure. I know (don?t harp on me claiming I ?know? something? it?s always tentative) that Hollywood stunts exist, and there is a show called punk?d, and people lie, and are deceitful, and sometimes trick one another. If something is inexplicable, why should I automatically assume God? Inexplicable does not mean Goddidit.  What do you think of prions?
TheoMorphic sorry about the vacuum, I don't know anything about one... though a salesman came to the door and I told him if I had a vacuum, it wouldn't need cleaning!   But a summary of your argument is  a) I can't in the end possibly know for sure that I'm right (therefore neither can you; if there is no absolute certainty) and b) You plow on regardless with science despite fact a)   I don't really know what more I can say. Excepting that it means you have faith in science, because you have faith in science.
You still have yet to answer my reasoning. I?m serious? I want an answer from you. I gave you reasons for my claim, so answer those reasons.  I told you I know God exists.  I ?plow on? with science in physical testable matters because it has shown to be reliable. In the end I can?t know if it?s all real, or all completely accurate, but so far it has suited me fine, so I see no reason to change.   Ah, now I can accept that, fine. It's suited you. I was wondering 'why?'  Do you have a list of a prior facts you made about me the first time you saw me post, and just keep referring to that, and then responding to what?s on that page? It would hold to character in that you assume to have the answers before looking at evidence.   It?s faith based on observations, and experiences. You keep harping about limitations of science? it?s not a limitation if science never goes to the spiritual world. A butter knife is not limited as long as no one expects to cut a tree down with it. Do you want to admit to religions limitations in the physical world? Of course not, because religion is not meant to explain how the physical world works. I can see that about your primary belief system, why can?t you see that about mine?  Actually, a butter knife would be limited, therefore you wouldn't use it for cutting down a tree.  What I mean by the limitations of science, is we all here seem to agree that it can't deal beyond the testable. You have also agreed that things such as love are beyond the limits of science. Therefore you either a) just accept those things or b) you try and come up with a sysemtem to explain them.   Thus religion.  Religion has explained about life. There is nothing more important. Science can fill in some details. But I never put the lessor theory above the greater.
 Let me just say I don't think your faith is primitive, you've found something that works to make your life better, so I say good for you, you're a lucky man. But I still think that a belief in a six day creation, a global flood, denying evolution are primitive attempts at explaining some of the big questions. I don't see how you can exclude the evidence we've accumulated since the Bible was written solely on faith. My intent is not to insult you but that's how I feel.   I appreciate that you don't wan't to insult, thanks. However, do you realize your statement sounds condescending? Still, thankyou. I don't actually beleive in 6-day creation. Instead, I beleive that the days in Genesis actually meant ages. Support for this is: In Isaiah it says that to God, a thousand years is like a day(sorry I don't remember the exact reference), Adam named all the living creatures in one 'day', and after each day it says the day ended - but it doesn't say that after the 7th day... possibly suggesting that the 7th 'day' is still continuing. I don't think I exclude evidence... a few years ago I was having doubts about my faith since the media protrays science as anti-Christianity. It seemed as if evolution was a completly given thing, that it was common knowledge that abiogenisis had occured and that the universe had popped out of nothing and nothing else made sense. I have since come across scientific and common-sense reasons why beleif in God makes sense. If I hadn't, the only way I could have held onto my faith would be to 'bury my head in the sand'. The fact that I'm involved on this board shows that I haven't.   OK, but evolution is a fact, we see it occur. We see organisms adapting to there environment, we see new species forming so we see macroevolution in action. Look up stuff like nylon eating bacteria, Farhoe Island mouse for just a few examples of new species we have ovserved evolving. We understand and can observe and test some of the mechanisms, like mutation. Biologists overwhelmingly concurr, evolution does occur.   Well, I've never heard anyone assert that we can see macroevolution. I'll look up the mouse and bacteria. Of course species adapt to their environment, but that's microevolution.  Where in the theory of evolution does it say that organisms related genetically should be similar???   I'm getting a little out of my league, but all mammals have hair, produce milk, all fish have gills, etc....,their are similarities between organisms and their genetic structure will support this and does.  This supports genetics. This doesn't support evolution! :)    All the examples proponents of IC have used have been shown to have plausible evolutionary pathways, the eye, flagellum, blood clotting, I haven't seen a structure that is irreducibly complex. Give me an example of an IC structure and we'll discuss it.   Well, I was thinking about the eye. Could you explain to me what the plausible evolutionary pathways are?  The point is, if years and years of purposed work by us intelligent, creative humans still hasn't changed 'primordial soup' in the most favorable conditions into any form of life(I'm talking about the attempts to cause abiogenisis) then surely it's unlikely that random forces could have, unless given infinity universes to work in. ....  But we still don't know what was in the original primordial soup! This existed roughly 3.5 to 4 billion years ago. So far we haven't been able to find anything but the faintest of clues as to what it was made of. Your arguement seems to be "if we haven't been able to do it by now, we never will and that proves only God could have started life". God of the gaps arguement. Science hasn't discovered everything, we don't know everything. But we continue to learn, we continue to explore, we continue to investigate. Would you have us stop experimenting with the origins of life because some fundamentalist Christians think it's futile? NASA is planning to launch a probe to Satun's moon Titan because it looks like it's atmosphere may be like primordial earths, isn't this a worthy undertaking?   I don't think this is 'God of the gaps'... What I'm saying is that intellgent humans haven't figured it out, creative beings can't match it, so it is more likely that it was done by a superintelligent and creative being than random forces, natural selection, and mutations.  I disagree that Christianity is anti-science. Many universities were founded by Christians. Newton was Christian, wasn't he?   ...there are evolunarily plausible explainations for most processes and organs. Check a good book on evolution or biology. I'm sure there are still some that are a mystery but over all, we can trace the evolution of most organs and processes back to their most likely origins. Hey I'm not a proffesional biologists, so if someone more qualified wants to support or correct me, I'd love to hear it.   If you could suggest some books to me I will try to get a hold of them. 'Plausible' is a lot different from fact, which is how you first presented it. It may be plausible for evolution to have occured - if there are huge numbers of chances for it to occur... like near infinity earth-like planets or near-infinity universes... we can't discover the universes, so I'd have to see evidence for huge numbers of carbon based life-supporting planets in our universe before I could consider evolution as a possible explanation for the biological complexity we see. Otherwise, the chances are really quite impossible.   look up nylon eating bacteria, an organism that experiences a frame shift mutation and then gains the ability to digest nylon which it didn't have before, certainly sounds like a drastic increase in complexity to me.   Well, that sounds pretty cool. Have you heard of a discovery that some bacteria populations that were beleived to be mutating and changing in response to antibiotics were actually going through a regular cycle... it was something like the 'mutation' actually occured every few generations regardless of antiboitic exposure?   We only see the mecanisms of micro-evolution, we haven't seen species change. Has evolution stopped  But microevolution and macroevolution are essential the same, they use the same verified mechanisms. What prevents the accumulation of micro changes from adding up to a macro change? What is that barrier? Don't just say "we see microevolution but macroevolution is impossible..." show me why it's impossible. We have seen new species arise, I think I gave a few examples previously, so evolution certainly hasn't stopped. In fact, all life is actually in transition.   Assuming that there really have been several species arrive, they certainly don't keep up with the numbers dissapearing, so why is this?  Again, I've never heard that micro and macro evolution are so much the same. Did I say 'macroevolution is impossible' ? These are good points, though. Please don't think I'm avoiding them, but I have to go. I'll try to adress them later.
We should be careful how we describe things.   1) Evolution is not a fact it is a theory. 2) Evolution has never been actually observed (as even microevolution takes generations) it has been deduced from what has been observed.  To state that it is fact and observed is highly incorrect. Very few evolutionary thinkers (biologists in particular) would say that it is a fact. Admittedly, it is a long standing theory with few other opponents other than creationism.  Certainly genetic mutation occurs as does natural selection. However, it has never been observed (actually watched) of one species changing into another. New species have been discovered yes, their origins traced, yes, but not actually observed.
We should be careful how we describe things.   1) Evolution is not a fact it is a theory. 2) Evolution has never been actually observed (as even microevolution takes generations) it has been deduced from what has been observed.  To state that it is fact and observed is highly incorrect. Very few evolutionary thinkers (biologists in particular) would say that it is a fact. Admittedly, it is a long standing theory with few other opponents other than creationism.  Certainly genetic mutation occurs as does natural selection. However, it has never been observed (actually watched) of one species changing into another. New species have been discovered yes, their origins traced, yes, but not actually observed.  I agree, but be warned, evolutionaries will heap a whole lot of double-speak now at you!  They will show that it's a fact based on evidence. What is this evidence? Well, there's so much of it about, even though it's used to back different hypotheses. So, you'll have all these different and conflicting hypotheses and yet some how, evolution is still a fact!  They will say it has been observed through the arrival at new species! Then they can't really tell you what a species is anyway!  My specialty is not science. It is the liberal arts; history, religion, politics. I have done formal study in learning language. Here I can apply my studies to evolutionaries and there beliefs.   For science to be meaningful, it needs to describe things, and here they use language and here I can look at their language and see if it makes sense.  They spit off mantra after mantra that means little if nothing, such as "Survival of the Fittest"  I am truly amazed at how they just accept a whole bunch of meaningless phrases and smile and pretend that they've solved things.
Notice again they say that 'evolution has been observed'  Let's follow the logic of a hypothetical conversation with one of the evolutionaries posting on this forum...  Montalban: How has evolution been observed?  By the creation of new species, such as Darwin's Finch. Darwin's Finch is a classic example of speciation.  Montalban: What is a 'species'?  We don't really have one definition of species.  Montalban: How do you know then that a 'new' species has emerged.  Because it's been observed!  Montalban: How?  By the creation of new species, such as Darwin's Finch. It's in ALL the textbooks!  And so on ad infinitum.   If they say things long enough, then they must be true.  Similarly...   Montalban: Is Evolution a Theory?  No, it's a fact.  Montalban: How do you know?  By all the evidences  Montalban: How are the evidences used?  They are used to form hypotheses.  Montalban: But hypotheses aren't facts! They are just possibilities. How can possibilities point to fact?  We know because all the evidences point to evolution  Montalban: You mean all the different hypotheses point to evolution?  Yes  Montalban: But you can have four or five different and conflicting hypotheses based on the same evidence!  Yes, but they ALL point to evolution, therefore evolution is a fact!  Montalban: How do you know?  Because of all the evidences.   And so on again ad infinitum.
1) Evolution is not a fact it is a theory.   Nope, your wrong. Evolution is a fact, allele frequencies do change, WE OBSERVE this happening today.   2) Evolution has never been actually observed (as even microevolution takes generations) it has been deduced from what has been observed.   Wrong again, we do actually obseve microevolution and macroevolution. You use your own definition of 'observe' to try to confuse the issue.   To state that it is fact and observed is highly incorrect. Very few evolutionary thinkers (biologists in particular) would say that it is a fact.   Wrong again! Virtually all the worlds biologists agree that evolution is a fact and the theory of evolution is the best explaination of this fact.   Certainly genetic mutation occurs as does natural selection. However, it has never been observed (actually watched) of one species changing into another. New species have been discovered yes, their origins traced, yes, but not actually observed.   Well genetic mutation and natural selection are all evolution require, if you admit that they occur, then you agree that evolution is a fact.  My but aren't you the argumentative one. 1st, just saying I am wrong does not make it so. Evolution is a deduction based on allele changes. It is not the only possibility, it is one. Most people no longer accept lamarkian principles but at one time it was the advanced thought of the day. It was a theory. They heralded it as fact. I do not define "observe" lightly just to make a point. I use the definition of science based practice. I am a scientist and well educated. Your definition of observe hardly fits within the use of general english language let alone scientific usage.   I will say this again, One CANNOT observe evolution. It is not observable. One can see new species, one can identify alleles that appear to have changed. We have never actually observed the allele changes as the process of DNA electrophporesis denatures the DNA and its supporting histones. We can identify genetic material that is different one generation to the next.   Mutations do occur.  As for your argument that because mutations occur and natural selection occurs that is all that is needed for evolution to happen. True, but it does not mean that evolution must happen. Evolution is one explanation.   Evolution has in the nature of it the idea that animals PROGRESS as a result of their genetic mutations. To determine that progression requires many generations of observance.   I have done many lab experiments mutating the genes of various animals and insects and plants. I have yet to cause a mutation that did not harm the animal.  If you must insist that evolution is observed, then i suggest you pay closer attention in your classes. Your algebra teacher might appreciate it as well.
 Evolution is a given thing, it does happen, we have observed it in our life times, we see bacteria evolving in the lab, we genetically engineer bacteria in the lab. we see new species evolving in the wild and the fossil record can be explained by no other theory except the theory of evolution. Abiogenesis is not a theory yet. We do not have enough evidence, I think it is the most likely source of life on this planet but that is only my opinion. The Big Bang has a great amount of evidence supporting it and it is in the realm of possiblity according to current models that it did pop out of nothing, but once again not enough evidence to conclude what came before it (OK, actually no evidence).   An interesting thing about my Psycology textbook is that while it says evolution is a generally supported theory, one trait of a true scientist is the willingness to tolerate uncertainty. Therefore, evolution, or any other theory cannot be a given thing or fact.   The fossil record shows that, during relativley short periods of time, very large numbers of species apperared, followed by longer 'lulls'. It seems to me that this would support a creationist beleif that God was creating new species at the beginning of a new 'day'(or age). It seems to me that this would be less supportive of evolution, which requires very long periods of time to be occur.  I agree with the 'Big-Bang' theory. (maybe this is more because it gives evolution little time to have occured therefore supporting my own bias, but hey) The following might not be perfectly exact.... When Einstien found that his formula for gravity predicted our universe would start from a singularity, expand, and eventually squish, he didn't like it. It meant that the universe could not have existed forever... or at least so long that he wouldn't have to worry about a beginning. So he made up a variable that said once two things were far enough apart gravity would reverse... therefore making it possible for the universe to have continually expanded for a near infininite time before we appeared on the scene. (thus making evolution feasible) He later called this the greatest mistake of his career. Now, as you said, the Big-Bang theory is very much supported. It says our universe began, expanded, and will squish. It also says that the universe is about 15 billion years old. This is not much time for evolution, which is why Einstien didn't want to beleive it.  ...DNA is subject to mutation, we have seen beneficial mutations arise. That's all evolution needs.   Evolution also needs a lot of time, because beneficial mutations are so very rare the mutation rate has to be slow... so that the bad mutations won't pile up before natural selection 'deselects' them. If the mutation rate is too fast, everything deteriorates until they die.   I would think that since we see all grades of eyes in the world of nature from simple spots of photosensitive chemicals to the highly refined vision of the hawk, the eye can not possibly be Irreducibly complex. We see all the levels, we can see how the eye got more complex, we can deduce what mutations and changes were needed to make it more complex. After all, if we see simpler eyes occurring in nature, how can you say that any eye can not made even simpler?   I don't know enough to effectively argue this, so I concede the point. If anyone else can, please do.    What I'm saying is that intellgent humans haven't figured it out, creative beings can't match it, so it is more likely that it was done by a superintelligent and creative being than random forces, natural selection, and mutations.    But are you claiming that humans have figured out everything yet? I don't accept your point that just because we haven't figured it out YET, God had to do it. That is what the God of the gaps arguement is! If we don't understand it, must have been God! Why is it more likely that a supernatural being who we have no evidence even exists, sidestepped the natural laws He had to have set up and popped life into existance? We have seen complex organic molecules form, true we haven't seen life form yet and I can't discount the possiblity that God (or some other supernatural entity) did create that first life, but I find it much more likely it formed on it's own in accord with the natural world. And we have seen mutation and natural selection in action in the natural world.   I'm NOT saying 'God did it'. I'm saying that it is more LIKELY for God to have done it!!!   And who said Christianity is anti science? Not me! Many Christians are scientists and very good scientists. It's the fundamental creationists I have a problem with. The people who deny the TOE and spout that nonsense about a 6 day creation 6000 years ago, I consider them anti science.   I apologize for having assumed you meant Christianity is anti-science. It was the impression I got, though. You certainly are not cautious in your condemnations.   we were talking about evolutionary pathways for specific organs and systems, that's why I said 'plausible', not evolution as a whole but evolution is a fact, it does happen. This web site covers many of the objections you've made, if you have a chance, take a look at it and we can discuss any of the points you have a problme with: http://www.skeptictank.org/hs/factfaq.htm   Hilarious website!! I enjoyed very much, except when it was so vehemently attacking and generalizing creationists. I didn't find it all that convincing though. Actually, it mostly just asserted that it was right - although it was informative in it's description of various theory's of evolution. I don't have much else to say but this bit...  point 13 - evolution is not atheistic.... No, but it often accepted by atheists who want confirmation of their beliefs... therefore it is influenced by atheism.  20. is not dependent on the supernatural,  In fact, must exclude itself from this realm. Evolution, as all science, must depend on exactly less than one miracle. No God(s) required nor desired.   .... I disagree with this point because it basically implies that if scientific evidence pointed to creation it would not be scientific.  21. does not claim that "Man came from apes",... This point goes on to state that Humans and apes came from a common ancestor. The statement that 'Man came from apes' seems more plausible than 'Man came from one single-celled bactiria' - which would be much more accurate - so it isn't a straw-man. The point is that Macroevolution says 'Man is decended from something that was a different species' (kind of wordy, but accurate) That is the point. And it is true. So 'Man came from apes' really represents a non-significant misunderstanding of Macroevolution.   yes new species are arriving all the time, evolution is an ongoing process. Are they keeping up with the number of species going extinct? i don't know, I can see man destroying so many environments as a factor but I just don't know the answer to that. How would this be a problem with evolution?  New species are not arriving all the time. First, it would be all over the news. Second, the sum of examples in that funny site was probably not over 10. Extinction is occuring at rates between 1 per day to numbers like 1 per hour or more. My point was that the current number of species would not be explained if extinction outstrips speciation so badly. However... it is likely that the effect of humans causes a majority of the extinctions. Also, since we have existed for such a short period of time, speciation rates and extinction rates cannot be reasonably extrapolated to all of history.(assuming speciation does occur) I knew that my arguement was poor, but I kind of ignored that for the sake of saying something, and mostly since I was in a rather emotional state after you continued to repeat 'evolution is fact' as your sole arguement.   Lets define some parameters here... evolution - meaning the change of frequency of alleles in a population over time - certainly does happen. It is even described in the Bible... when a population of sheep became more spotted and speckled over time. This seems to me a very obvious point. I'm talking about evolution - meaning the idea that simple, one-celled bacteria became us through macroevolution. When I say evolution, that is what I mean. If I want to include abiogenisis, I will call it Atheistic Evolution.
montalban has not gained much ground against ... well anyone, and must resort to debating hypothetical people in order to make points.    Or quoting them, like you do.  I think that you've missed the analogy.  The circular logic of evolutionaries is what I demonstrated.
do you mean the circular logic of your hypothetical evolutionary?  Nice one!  No, but close.  I mean the bits where evolutionaries are double-talking over certainty and uncertainty, theory as fact, meanings of species, evidences that are proofs; but based on conflicting hypotheses, transitionals and ancetor types, etc.  Plus tautologies and other nonsense such as Survival of the Fittest, Natural Selection, and, your own invention - objective evidence.  (at least I think it's your own, 'cause I've never come across something so laughable before - but whether it's yours or not doesn't really matter).
i really shouldn't have to point all this out to you. information about science, and the scientific method are available all over the place.  evolution (allele frequency changes in populations) has been observed. it is as observable as falling bodies, or the speed of light in a vaccume, or hydrogen and oxygen combining to form water.   You are now falling back into the rhetorical cycle.  Evolution is observed... How? blah blah (hardly seems so 'hypothetical' now)  details about the theory of evolution (the process by which allele frequencies change in populations) are still being hammered out. There are conflicting hypothesis about how certain things happen, but every hypothesis has prediction, and is falsifiable. As tests are done, and new evidence emerges some hypothesis will be shown to be false, and some will be shown to be more likely true.  So, it's a fact despite all the conflicting hypotheses using the same evidence? Again, more tautologies.  All you're doing is going through the same mantra.
Interesting point: Variations in currently existing traits certainly occur. There are zero occurences of the formation of a new organ. This would be necessary for evolution.
From which point to which point?   Clearly, organs are needed to get from a primitive multicellular eukaryote to, say, a conodont, but what new organs are required to get from, say, a primitive primate to a human?   The argument is that evolution is seen every day. It is observed. We observe variations in current traits. There are no observations of actual new organs. What is the need? Good Question. We wouldn't know that unless we could predict the future. It is easy with hindsight to look back and discuss how a new organ was needed to evolve from bacteria to a fish for example. We can't know what need might create a new organ. The point is that it doesn't exist. Why do we not see that? You cannot say there is no need, that would require an amazing amount of predictive ability which no human can possess.  If evolution, true evolution, with progressive new traits developing into new species and eventually a new genus were to be seen then one would expect to see the formation of such new organs.  To be extreme: Why hasn't man developed a new organ to deal with polution as it seems to be killing millions annually. There is a need. Yet we continue to die. No mutation has occurred that seems to help. Not because mutations can't occur because we have adapted our environment. Perhaps a new filter organ would be helpful. It sure seems that way.
1) such a mutation would not give an individual person any survival advantage over anyone else. People with genetic defects can still lead a normal life, and reproduce at the same rate as people with out the genetic defect. and 2) evolution happens at a phenomenally slow pace. i've heard an analogy to the effect of: pretend that time can be expressed in distance. Now pretend that one step equals the amount of time it took for all dogs as we see them today to be produced form a common ancestor. the "distance" that all life has had to evolve in is from London to Jerusalem.  humans only live for a little less than 100 years. the common era is 20 of our life times. recorded history goes back 100 lifetimes. the age of the earth is estimated around 45 million life times.  You argue only the extreme part of my post. I was a bit out in left field on that, intentionally.   The issue that I argue is that Evolution is "observed". If your aargument holds then it is not observed but deduced because it is impossible for man to observe something over the distance you describe. Again, we are back to the fact that it is a theory based upon what has been observed, not a fact. Demon38 claimed it was a fact and observed. Either it is observable and a fact and yolu can show me the new organs or it is not observable and is a theory and you base it on millions year old evidence. Which is it?
Yes all facts are provisional in science, but evolution has been observed,  we've seen the allele frequencies of populations change, so evolution does occur, the theory of evolution explains why this happens. And you're right, if a new theory explained this fact better than the TOE, science would embrace it. But nothing has. I posted this quote from the National Center for Science Education in a previous post, I think it applies here also.  "But in science, a theory is a statement of general principles that explain many facts by means of natural processes. The proposition that the planets revolve around the sun (Copernican theory) explains a great many astronomical facts and also is considered true beyond a reasonable doubt. In the same way, geological examination of rocks demonstrates beyond a reasonable doubt that the earth is extremely old. The theory of evolution explains a tremendous number of biological and paleontological facts, and it, too, is true beyond a reasonable doubt. Nevertheless, all these theories could be altered or replaced if new observations yielded new scientific evidence that contradicted predictions of these theories."  This is the view of mainstream science, there is no valid arguement against it.   I will certainly agree that a majority of scientists support evolution. But, what do you mean there is no valid arguement against it? Would a scientific argument against it be invalid? No.   Why isn't there enough time for evolution to occur? You throw this in here with no real support. Bad mutations won't pile up because they are being selected against by the environment they express themselves in. And whether a mutation is good or bad (or neutral) is based solely on the environment it appears in. If a mutation appears that hinders an organisms survival, the organisms with that mutation will die off and won't spread that mutation to the rest of the population, so how does it pile up?   Well, Einstien didn't think a non-infinite time would be very palatable, did he? I agree that I don't have much support beyond that... but you surely would agree that it would require a long period of time for bacteria to evolve into us?   If the mutation rate was too fast, a majority of organisms would have multiple mutations... a huge majority of these(at least) would be detrimental in their environment so, basically, they would all die. Beneficial mutations could not survive because they would be right in there with all the bad ones... drowned out. Actually I'm starting to wonder... if mutations are almost without exception bad - how can a species not become less and less functional over time?  But what about the lines of fossil evidence that show organisms evolving? Look at the line of fossils showing the evolution from reptile to mammal. Or the evolution of the whale, or of the horse. This in no way supports creationism. And those relatively shorts periods of time where new organisms appear generally occur after major world wide extintion events. This falls very much in line with the TOE. I really don't know much about God creating whole sets of completely new organisms at the begining of a "new day". Would these new days correspond to the 6 days of creation?  Some good points there. So they've got a fossil record of reptile to mammal? How fast can evolution occur, in your opinion? My beleif is that each day of creation represented a long period of time.  But you haven't said why it is more likely for God to have done it. If we see that natural causes account for all processes we have studied and understand, if we have clues that things we don't understand, like abiogenesis could have happened by natural means, even if we don't understand that process yet, why is it more likely that an undetectable, omnipotent being is responsible? Sorry, I still don't understand why you say it is more likely for God to have done it.  It is more likely because... Life is more complex than we can understand or match with our creativity and intelligence. Therefore it is unlikely that a non-intelligent, non-creative force could have caused it.   ...the scientific method can only look at the natural world, creation, as defined by fundamental creationists, was supernatural, and therefore can not be examined by science.   What the point implied was that if we found that, say, the speed at which evolutionary change can happen was clearly insufficient to explain population explosions - thus reasonably refuting the TOE(I like that acronym)... and therefore pointing towards the probablity of a superintellent(God) to explain life... it would be unscientific because it requires God.  On your last point, you kind of lost me. I showed examples of new species being observed to have come about in our life time. Man has not looked in depth for the formation of new species in many habitats on our Earth, there are still isolated jungles, deserts, the deep ocean, so we do not know all the new species that have formed. But it is cetainly in the bounds of evolution for one species to dominate an environmental niche and push other species to extinction. Man is a good example. There is no sub law of evolution that says there must be an equilibrium of the number of species.  "However... it is likely that the effect of humans causes a majority of the extinctions. Also, since we have existed for such a short period of time, speciation rates and extinction rates cannot be reasonably extrapolated to all of history.(assuming speciation does occur) I knew that my arguement was poor... "  I was saying that it was a bad point, and I shouldn't have brought it up in the first place.
1) such a mutation would not give an individual person any survival advantage over anyone else. People with genetic defects can still lead a normal life, and reproduce at the same rate as people with out the genetic defect.   Of all the mutations occurring in man today, which are the ones that are best suited for survival?   You say 'evolution has been observed'... tell me then if you will, what do you forsee by your observations?
Of all the mutations occurring in man today, which are the ones that are best suited for survival? You say 'evolution has been observed'... tell me then if you will, what do you forsee by your observations?  There are several mutations that offer immunity to malaria. Those have been very successful. But of course, only an idiot would think that a given mutation is universally beneficial. All of them depend on the environment. There is also a mutation that offers an immunity to the HIV virus. That is an extremely beneficial mutation when you consider that AIDS is a heterosexual disease everywhere but in the U.S. Another is the mutation that supresses the wisdom teeth. Until quite recently impacted wisdom teeth were quite serious. Even with successful surgery, it was possible to die from infection. It still is since bacteria have evolved to become resistant to most antibiotics. It is actually possible to die from a minor cut on the finger that becomes infected.  But of course, your question is basically silly. It shows a lack of basic understanding as well as a lack of thought. If I have a mutation that makes me immune to malaria, I am not likely to be aware of that. If I am immune to AIDS, how would I know? Every person has between 10 and 100 mutations. If your claims are true, the population should be going down rapidly.   So the only way to tell for instance that 'survival of the fittest' is at work is to look backwards and say, 'well if this critter survived it must be because of evolution'  "In the broadest sense, evolution is merely change, and so is all-pervasive; galaxies, languages, and political systems all evolve. Biological evolution ... is change in the properties of populations of organisms that transcend the lifetime of a single individual. The ontogeny of an individual is not considered evolution; individual organisms do not evolve. The changes in populations that are considered evolutionary are those that are inheritable via the genetic material from one generation to the next. Biological evolution may be slight or substantial; it embraces everything from slight changes in the proportion of different alleles within a population (such as those determining blood types) to the successive alterations that led from the earliest protoorganism to snails, bees, giraffes, and dandelions." - Douglas J. Futuyma in Evolutionary Biology, Sinauer Associates 1986  quoted at http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolution-definition.html  So allele changes may be in the broadest sense proof of evolution... because evolution can be any biological change.  Therefore, you could say that because I am different from my parents, it's evolution! Wowee! This is so easy!  Or they may just be 'differentiation' within a species.  If you could say "x change of allele will lead to survival of this species', and then observe that species surviving then you could say it's 'observed'  In fact, how do you know that allele changes have always occurred?  What is 'natural selection' anyway? "Natural selection occurs when the viability of an allele is tested in real life. It makes only one test. Contrary to popular opinion, evolution does not select the fittest, strongest, or most superior organism. It is instead a question of how many offspring the organism will have which in turn will reach sufficient maturity to have its own offspring. If the effect is positive, the allele will become a permanent part of the gene pool. If the effect is very successful, it will quickly become a dominant allele. If the effect is neutral or negative, the allele will not spread rapidly through the gene pool and, usually, will disappear from the gene pool. If more than one mutation is being tested at the same time, usually the case, then it is the summed effect tested. Not all good mutations make it. Some mutations would be good at one time and bad at another, depending on the environment then. A mutation that was necessary at one time may become unnecessary at another time and be consequently negated. Most of the time, the alleles removed or negated are those that harm the organism in that environment. Natural selection removes variability from the gene pool." http://www.onelife.com/evolve/evolution.html  Why is variability removed? In fact this suggests the opposite... " Before a gene can mutate, it must exist. The results of all mutations are a varied form (allele) of an already existing gene, which is the variation within created kinds that is expected in the creation model. The number of defects in human beings that are the result of genetic mutations is increasing with time, which is exactly what is expected in the creation model in which created kinds started with flawless genes that continue to degrade over time. This same type of long term increase in disorder and decay (entropy) is seen in all closed systems, and in most open systems as well. " http://www.creationfaq.net/  "In a nutshell, the evolutionist logic goes like this: Birds catch more dark moths from a light background and more light moths from a dark background, therefore fish evolved into amphibians, amphibians evolved into reptiles, and reptiles evolved into birds and mammals, including man. " (Ibid)  I thought I'd throw this in for the obvious fun... "Unfortunately the common definitions of evolution outside of the scientific community are different. For example, in the Oxford Concise Science Dictionary we find the following definition:  "evolution: The gradual process by which the present diversity of plant and animal life arose from the earliest and most primitive organisms, which is believed to have been continuing for the past 3000 million years."  This is inexcusable for a dictionary of science. Not only does this definition exclude prokaryotes, protozoa, and fungi, but it specifically includes a term "gradual process" which should not be part of the definition." http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolution-definition.html
Because the bad mutations are eliminated through natural selection and the "almost without exception" mutations are retained. But more than that, you are wrong. Mutations are almost without exception neutral.  I have never heard that mutations are mostly neutral. Could you point me to a reference? I suppose it would make sense, since all the 'junk' DNA would take most of the 'hits' causing mutation. I think this would show the 'junk' to have a useful purpose. How often do 'good' mutations occur in proportion to 'bad'?  But the "speed" of evolutionary change isn't insufficient as far as I know. What "population explosions" are you talking about? Just more babble, I presume. And even if you were able to refute the theory of evolution, that doesn't make your sky-man magic more probable. Either your superstitious mythology can stand on its own or it is worthless. So far you haven't presented any evidence to support your side, in spite of being asked many times. There are volumes of evidence that support evolution while there is none that supports your mythology.  I was speaking hypothetically. The 'population expolosions' refers to the fossil record... for example, the Cambrian Explosion. Whether or not my theories or beleifs are right or wrong, it is irresponsible to argue against them by making them seem ridiculous - 'sky-man magic', 'superstitious mythology', 'babble'. This is name-calling and not scientific evidence or logic. If evolution were refuted, why wouldn't it leave a likelyihood that there was an intelligent creator? Why isn't the complexity of life evidence?  So are you going to present some evidence to support your "theory" (that means primative mythology in this context) of creation? Either your "theory" can stand on its own or it is non-existant.  If you continue to call my 'theory' names I will be forced to assume you find it threatening. :)   I have said very little about my 'mythology'. All I have really said is that the complexity of life makes creation a reasonable belief.  However, you are right to call for evidence.  Ireducilbly complex structures I think Demon said that examples of irreducibly complex structures such as this... http://www.id.ucsb.edu/FSCF/LIBRARY/ORIGINS/GRAPHICS-CAPTIONS/Flagellum.html  and.. http://www.id.ucsb.edu/FSCF/LIBRARY/ORIGINS/GRAPHICS-CAPTIONS/Cilium.html ...have been refuted. Could someone explain how?  Abiogenisis Chance for an extremely simple cell to form, given right ingredients... http://www.answersingenesis.org/docs/217.asp
Originally Posted by lurch Because the bad mutations are eliminated through natural selection and the "almost without exception" mutations are retained. But more than that, you are wrong. Mutations are almost without exception neutral.   How do you judge a good/bad/neutral mutation?
It might be in order to point out that the saltational events which Gould et al pointed to, and creationists have long hailed as fatal to evolution, are in fact not all that common. In multiple taxa, there is a nice gradualistic pattern of morphologic change over time, without the need to invoke magical gaps (the most studied have been Cenozoic megafauna and Miocene teleosts). Moreover, the Cambrian "explosion," is increasingly in question. The diversity of the Vendian fauna, and our knowledge of Hox gene evolution and regulatory influence, suggests that what formerly appeared as a serious saltation, was in fact a mild adaptive radiation (ergo, a case of tachytely).  Vindex Urvogel  NATURE NEWS SERVICE - on the evidence against the Cambrian Explosion  If a recent analysis of animal evolution is correct, then the famed "Cambrian explosion" in the evolution of multicellular animals was not so much a Big Bang as simply the end of a long, slow, crawl.   In the most recent issue of The Proceedings of the Royal Society of London, Daniel Wang and colleagues from Pennsylvania State University in the USA have looked at the molecular evidence for the timing of animal evolution. By looking at the molecular clocks represented by differences in the DNA sequences of some 50 genes in present-day animals, they have pushed the time of origin of the major animal groups (phyla) hundreds of millions of years further back into the Precambrian.   The apparent Cambrian explosion is one of the most intriguing events in evolutionary history. The Cambrian period began 543 million years ago: about 530 million years ago, most of the main groups of present-day animals appear for the first time in the fossil record. Animals as diverse as worms, arthropods, and our own chordate ancestors all appear within a few tens of millions of years. With no apparent fossil forebears in the Precambrian, a vast amount of evolution and diversification of animal body plans seems to have been packed into a period of around 50 million years.   Such a rapid and dramatic spurt of evolution is not easy to explain. Nothing like it has been seen since, and evolutionary biologists have often wondered whether there might be some alternative explanation. Is the fossil record in the Cambrian just a record of the appearance of animals with hard skeletal parts that fossilized well? Is it just a multitude of tips of a flotilla of hidden icebergs of evolution, stretching back hundreds of millions of years?   Wang and colleagues' analysis supports the second contention. Instead of requiring arthropods (insects and crustaceans) and chordates vertebrates and allies) to have evolved from a common ancestor in a mere few tens of millions of years, they estimate that these two lines diverged as far back as 993 million years ago. This gives these two very different groups of animals an extra 400 million or so years of evolution to play with, which is in many ways a much more likely scenario.   Throwing their net wider, they place the fundamental time of divergence between animals, plants and fungi at around 1500 million years ago. Nematode worms come along at around 1200 million years ago, on their estimate, again much earlier than the fossil record would suggest. The most primitive animals,the sponges and coelenterates, would therefore have evolved somewhere between 1500 and 1200 million years ago.   But although molecular clocks work fine in theory, no-one knows just how reliable they are in reality. The principle is simple. Given the same gene in two different animals, an insect and a mammal for instance, one can count the differences in the nucleotide sequences to estimate how long ago the ancestors of those two animals diverged. But previous estimates of animal origin times using these sorts of methods have yielded some wildly different timescales.   Fully aware of the problems, Wang and colleagues used a large number of genes in their analysis, far more than in previous analyses, and chose the genes carefully to avoid those that might not count time accurately. They calibrated their molecular clocks against well-established and uncontroversial timelines in animal evolution, such as the divergence of the reptilian ancestors of birds and mammals about 310 million years ago. And their results are indeed in rough agreement with at least some of the previous studies, which also place the time of animal origins far back in the Precambrian.   So the evidence is slowly mounting that animals were around a long time before the Cambrian. And this of course raises an almost equally difficult question ö where were they? Why is there no fossil record of these arthropod and chordate ancestors in the supposed 400 million years of their early evolution? Were they all soft-bodied animals that left no traces? Or, as Wang and colleagues suggest, might they simply have been very small? In which case, their remains will only be found in extremely fine-grained rocks, of which there are some examples of suitable age. The search is now on.   Macmillan Magazines Ltd 1999 - NATURE NEWS SERVICE   "But although molecular clocks work fine in theory, no-one knows just how reliable they are in reality. The principle is simple. Given the same gene in two different animals, an insect and a mammal for instance, one can count the differences in the nucleotide sequences to estimate how long ago the ancestors of those two animals diverged. But previous estimates of animal origin times using these sorts of methods have yielded some wildly different timescales."  How could the reliability of a 'molecular clock' be affirmed? Doesn't this assume Macroevolution has occured, and is therefore circular? It looks to me like fairly unsubstantial evidence to date - would not the Cambrian Explosion theory still be the accepted one?  The diversity of the Vendian fauna, and our knowledge of Hox gene evolution and regulatory influence, suggests that what formerly appeared as a serious saltation, was in fact a mild adaptive radiation (ergo, a case of tachytely).  I don't know what most of this means. :) Could you explain it for me?
Sure. We now know that the basal portion of the bacterial flagellum is homologous with the TTSS, the motor proteins (MotA and MotB) are homologs of membrane transport proteins (ExbB and ExbD), homologs of its ATPase, etc.  As for the eukaryotic cilium, many of the component parts (tubulin, dynein, nexin, etc) are already functional elsewhere. The centriole is a homolog of the basal portion of the cilium, etc.  Long story short: it is wrong -- plain, flat-out wrong -- to say that the parts of IC systems have no selectable function outside the system itself. They clearly do, and functional intermediates are seen even today.  -GFA  Ok, these examples are not as strong as they appeared... However, all the major components of each must be there at the same time for it to work. So how can that have evolved? Don't you still need all three components at the same time? What are examples of the functional intermediates? - I assume they are simpler things doing the same thing?
Let me be as clear as I can here Robbie. Behe's argument is one about the *per se* impossibility of the evolution of IC systems; he claims that the entire system must because present to be selected, because the component parts themselves lack selectable function. To refute his argument, I most certainly do not have to detail, step-by-step, the evolution of an IC system. Behe is too clever to put that forward as an argument, because its little more than an argument from ignorance. All I have to do is what ive already done; that is, show that the component parts have a selectable function outside the system itself.  That being said, and because im not here to do all your homework for you, i'll give you *a* intermediate step for the cilium. Cavalier-Smith has shown that a non-swimming appendage made of microtubules can, by increasing surface area, help the protozoan remain suspended in water, among other things. This selectable function is hardly idle speculation, because some organisms with analogous anatomical features do the same thing, and find it quite useful.  -GFA  I still don't see that the IC arguement is refuted. Are we to say that all three components of the rotor, assuming they are aready present in the organism because of their particular functions, came together in one piece of good luck?
 Indeed, the major question today is not so much how rapid the alleged "explosion" was or wasn't, but rather whether or not the transition focused on the derivation of calcified exoskeletons, or indeed did represent the derivation of some modern phyla. Currently, the data suggests the former, as there is a distinct dichotomy between the Cambrian boundary and the Vendian, in which we see soft-bodied forms and then hard-bodied forms preserved in the fossil record.  Vindex Urvogel  Does this mean that the Cambrian explosion's rapidity is not strongly challenged?  Since you reffered me to Mayr,ect, might I take the liberty of reffering you to an examination of the Molecular Clock hypothesis?: http://www.creationinthecrossfire.com/Articles/The%20Molecular%20Clock%20Hypothesis.html
 What evolution specifically claims is this:  1. The simple component parts of the bacterial flagella evolved independently, to serve other purposes. 2. These components were coopted and combined to serve new purposes, one at a time. 3. The result is a system that "appears" irreducibly complex, but actually evolved in a step by step fashion.  Many examples of this process occuring experimentally in evolutionary systems exist. It is so common that it is likely the way most complex evolve systems form.  I haven't heard that evolutionary experiments have been so succesful! I'm wondering why... because such success would be a decent arguement in favor of evolution. Where can I read about this?  "2. These components were coopted and combined to serve new purposes, one at a time."  So there actually is a function for 2 parts of the rotor by themselves? How do the components get mixed and matched?  In Nutrition, I'm learning about protiens. (like insulin, and hemoglobin) They are 100's to 100's of thousands of amino acids "blocks" long. If they are missing just a few(for instance, if 10% were missing - there would be no hope in the world for it to function), the protien is not shaped right and can't be used. How does this evolve step by step?  p.s. Does anyone have something to say about abiogenisis?
Ok, I said I would answer this... almost forgot.  But microevolution and macroevolution are essential the same, they use the same verified mechanisms. What prevents the accumulation of micro changes from adding up to a macro change? What is that barrier? Don't just say "we see microevolution but macroevolution is impossible..." show me why it's impossible. We have seen new species arise, I think I gave a few examples previously, so evolution certainly hasn't stopped. In fact, all life is actually in transition.   No one has seen Macroevolution. I think it is presumptuous to say it is the same as Microevolution - because we haven't seen it happen. The theory says its the same - but we haven't seen it. However, I'm not sure I can satisfactorily answer the question "what is the barrier?". I guess I would say that the barrier is irreducible complexity. Which I argue for in the above post.  As for the new species... are we to say that some populations of birds getting different sizes of beaks, and choosing not to mate with the other bird who has a shorter beak, proves Macroevolution?  "all life is in transition" Creation theory agrees with this. It says we have been degenerating since the Fall.
Many examples of this process occuring experimentally in evolutionary systems exist. It is so common that it is likely the way most complex evolve systems form.  Well, I don't know how much I would trust a computer simulation. It would be very easy for the experimenter to bias the program - even without meaning to. And, of course, a simulation cannot be perfectly accurate. However, the 'roman arch' analogy does a good job of giving a possible explanation for irreducible complexity. I will be looking for counter-arguements to it.  The thing with aspects of organisms is that they often can serve more than one purpose. If you have two different componets that evolve separately, when placed together, they can also begin to serve a third purpose when they are together due to their interactions with eachother. In the case of "apparent" IC, the original functions of the two independent elements can become superfluous and disappear, leaving the combined system which now appears to be irreducibly complex. You can not subtract any parts to the system now without making it non function. Of course the trick is that you actually have to "add" the now missing bits to get back to the original two reducible components.  So, in the case of the rotor, can we see where any two of the main components together have a function? Otherwise, all three would have to 'combine' at one time. How does the combination of whole, formerly unrelated parts occur?  "This is the blunder that Behe makes. He doesn't take into account the fact that the present molecule may be smaller than previous molecules....later....Behe and the ID proponents count on the common laymen simply not being aware of any of this. Then again, why should they? It practically demolishes their entire argument."  This is contradictory - first you said Behe made a mistake, then you said he is purposely doing it to convince people that he is right. I think it's unreasonable to assume Behe and the ID group are ignoring things on purpose.  Abiogenisis is fundamentally different from evolution. Evolution claims that natural selection chooses the things that work. Nothing 'works' in Abiogenisis - there is no natural selection until you have a self-reproducing cell. In the link you gave me, the 'natural selection' was removed after the thousandth generation, and the information went right down to zero before generation 1500. It's not a matter of extrapolating at all. The estimated chances of an extremely simple cell 'coming together' is 1 in 10^5700. There are estimated to be 10^80 electrons in the universe. http://www.answersingenesis.org/docs/217.asp
If one makes a claim that all cars are blue, and then a red car is presented as counter evidence, the claim is refuted.  In this case, behe is stating that flagellum can't evolve stepwise because its component parts are not independently selected for. Urovogel has provided evidence that at least one is.  This means that the claim that none of the component parts of the flagella are selected for is false. In fact, it can not be established that "any" of the flagella components are "not" independently selected for.  This means that it can't be stated that the flagella did not evolve in a stepwise fashion.   That is not my understanding of Behe.  One of the counters to Behe is that the flagella might have been made in a step-by-step process from existing parts,  either wholly used, or slightly changed.   The flagellum has parts that don't come from pre-existing parts... it is not other parts simply re-arranged.  Behe therefore suggests that step by step evolution could not be accounted for... because you'd be saying that some parts were brought to together - to make a non-working flagella, whilst other parts were still yet to be developed.  What evolution is saying is that there's a whole lot of things being randomly created, but not completed. And eventually the are parts that will then be created new to be added on, also at random to the existing thing, and lo and behold, you've got a working flagella.  This seems very unlikely. We don't all start getting a flap at the end of our nose, and then someone gets something new develope to add to that flap, and then we've got a whole new appendage!
An unsupported claim.   If you mean that I provided no support, then you are correct. However I'm not sure if you're directing this at me, or Behe.  The problem is that it is impossible to prove that this is so. Since we see evidence of so many "irreducibly complex" systems being derived from combinations of prior parts in just this way, it easier to believe that it is just another example of such a process, as opposed to being created by magic.  I must say you are beginning to sound dogmatic, and a wee bit snide - especially with that 'magic' jibe.  You can not see 'irreducibly complex' systems so emerging, otherwise they'd not be 'irreducibly complex'! " I defined irreducible complexity as a single system which is composed of several well-matched, interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, and where the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning. (1996, 39)" http://www.arn.org/docs/behe/mb_selforganizationreplytoshanksandjoplin.htm  Who says the prior combinations need to act as a flagella? Are you insisting that no other system that consists of "some" of the parts that are now part of the flagella could be useful? Again, it is impossible to prove this.. and since there are plenty of examples where this is deomonstrably (sic) so it is unreasonable to believe that "magical" creation is more likely.  Enough with the 'magic' tags hey? It is a rhetorical ploy used to demean the argument of the opposition, rather than deal with the constructing a counter-argument. It is in effect name calling.  This 'who says' argument is not a proof, it is another rhetorical ploy. By coming up with any number of countless hypotheticals, you will ensure the exhausting of argument as the onus of proof will always be on my side. I'd have to continually try to prove negatives.  Be positive. Show me the pathway of step-by-step evolution that lead to the flagella.  Each step in the process is "complete" in that it functions to aid the organisms survival. These prior combinations just aren't flagella.  Show me the steps. Actually, present an argument based on an actual ideal, rather than just coming up with negatives.  No, each combination is useful alone. But changes to those working systems can be useful in new ways.  Show me the steps But before you do, you might like to see a response to Miller (who has already tried to do this) at http://www.theism.net/article/39  Three times you've said it. I could be cruel and quote back at you your own words "An unsupported claim" but I'm interested in dialogue.  Features evolved for one purpose often are found useful for another unrelated purpose. Step by step evolution for the "final" purpose is rarely if ever how features evolve. What exists at any given point is modified for other uses.  Step-by-step evolution has not been shown to lead to a flagellum! It is only supposed to have happened because a) the flagellum exists and b) you believe in step-by-step evolution.
 As for computer simulations, the fundamentals of genetic evolution are very simple and lend themselves quite easily to simulation. However, if you have any specific criticisms of these simulations (avida, or the co-evolution simulation), then feel free to point them out.   Well, I'm really quite ignorant as for as genetics and computers go, but... One problem I think I could point out is that there was no possiblitly for recessive mutations. Only the positive mutations were passed on in each generation. While I think this would hold true as far as dominant mutations, 'bad' recessive genes are actually the majority of mutations which have an effect. These would be passed on, and never be selected against unless two copies were combined in a particular organism. Indeed, there seems to be no way of selecting against single, recessive genes. As an aside, I think I will venture that creation theory would predict a build up of 'bad' mutations while evolution theory should predict a build up of 'good' mutations over time.   "The number of harmful mutations that arise in each generation has been measured, and it is surprisingly high. 4.2 mutations per person per generation." (James F. Crow, Nature, Jan. 28, 1999, p. 232, 293-294) "About 38% are estimated to have been eliminated by natural selection... indicating that the rate specific to protein - coding sequences is nearly to the upper tolerable limit." (Adam Eyre-Walker, Peter D Keightley, High genomic deleterious mutation rates in hominids Nature, Jan. 28, 1999, p. 344-347).  So the simulation completely ignores recessive mutations. How can we be evolving if the average person gets about 3 bad mutations passed on per generation?  Mistakes are constantly being introduced in coding genes which cause novel combinations of preexisting proteins. If you have two independent proteins with shapes which fold to perform two different unrelated functions, and who have a significant likelyhood of being recombined into another third useful molecule.. it will occur.  If this third molecule now provides a different function, the superflous bits of the original two proteins will be pruned, leaving what appears to be an irreducibly complex single protein which is larger than the two originals, but which no part can be removed.  How do these mistakes work? Should I be able to find this in a biology textbook? Is there an online reference? I really have never heard this before.   "Molecular biology is replete with descriptions of proteins which are recognizably similar to other existing but similar independent proteins."  If a Creator made these proteins it would make sense that they shared a common basic structure and similarity. So I think that would cut both ways.  "Haven't you ever known anyone who purposefully ignored or pooh poohed counter evidence to their position rather than accept the fact that they were wrong?"  It was contradictory because first you said it was a mistake, then you said it was purposeful. I just think it isn't good debate to attack the people involved unless you have good reason to.  Hmmm.. molecules form bonds and react. These seem to "work" just fine.  What part of life is not based on chemical reactions?  All that is necessary for natural selection is imperfect duplication of an existing chemical metabolic system....  The duplication of these metabolic systems means you have to have DNA or RNA, right?   "The proteins-to-life idea is being replaced by the RNA-to-life idea. It is called "the RNA world," and the claim is now that the first living cell, from which we supposedly evolved, was started by RNA instead of protein. Nucleotides, we are told, linked together to form chains of RNA which brought about the first life. The schoolbooks I have checked fail to mention the fact that RNA, like protein, does not form anywhere in nature except in already living cells. Neither do the nucleotides from which RNA is made. Here it is from a philosopher of science:  "Though a few organic substances-for instance, certain simple amino acids-can form relatively easily under prebiotic conditions, other biochemical building blocks, such as nucleotides and lipids, require for their synthesis a 'real factory.'"2 Since nucleotides which are the building blocks of RNA and DNA do not form spontaneously, neither do RNA and DNA. In fact, RNA and DNA can't even be made in the laboratory 3 "  http://www.creationism.org/heinze/FirstLife01Overview.htm  So, if RNA has not been made on purpose in labs, why should it have spontaneously generated by chance?  Yes.. without natural selection, you don't have evolution.. you have random chance. Good thing evolution is a combination of both.  As far as your calculations of probability, let me give you an example. If I asked you to roll a dice 100 times, and roll a "six" every time, what would the likelyhood of this occuring be?  On the other hand, if I told you to roll the dice, but only count the rolls where you do roll a six, it would be trivial for you to roll 100 sixes (as every other roll would just be discarded).  This is how evolution works. At any given point, if you have a protein with 5 amino acids, and you add another to make 6, it only "counts" if that new acid aids in the survival of the organism. Otherwise that amino acid (and the organism that has it) is discarded. This is how, step by step, you go from 4, to 5, to 6, to seven amino acids in sequence.  The probablity was for abiogenesis. There is no natural selection in abiogenesis. So the probability was valid unless you can show me a different probablility or a different problem with it.    Now in the case of pre-cellular evolution, we're talking chemical metabolisms, not proteins. A system of independent interacting molecules which form a small replicating system.  One suggestion that seems to have merit is the thioester metabolism, as it is fairly simple, and also exists as a fundamental aspect of cellular energy production.  In any case, as far as abiogenesis is concerned, denial of the possibility is merely an argument from incredulity. This might make sense if it was considered without the overwhelming evidence for evolution from simple cellular life onwards. However, it's almost impossible to ignore the fact that the entire body of evidence for evolution creates a giant arrow, who's tip points squarely to abiogenesis.  Evolution theory says it proceeds by natural selection. Abiogenesis does not. They are really quite different. It has been stated by others in these forums that evolution says nothing about abiogenesis. I think that they are separate theorys - although both are involved in our beginnings. How is it 'merely an argument from incredulity' to say that, if the probablity of abiogenesis of an extremely simple cell is 1 in 10^5700 or any where near that that it shouldn't be accepted as reasonable?
If you want an example of Macroevolution, just look at how much animals have changed based on the number of them that could have been on Noah's ark.  Do you think that much diversity could have happened by Macro-evolution in the roughly 5000 years since the Flood? It is my understanding that Macro-evolution must occur very gradually.  I've been reading at www.creationism.org and I now see a difference between micro and macro evolution. Micro-evolution and macro-evolution occur through different processes. Micro-e is the change of allele frequencies through generations. In an example like the peppered moth, the white moths outnumbered the dark ones by 95%, I believe, until the environment got polluted. Then the dark ones increased in frequency. After environmental cleaning the frequencies returned to their former state.   If, say, the dark ones had been wiped out, the population would have had an actual elimination of an allele. At first, it would seem like macro-e but it actually represents a loss in information and a reduction in the ability of the population to survive changing conditions.  The point is that allele-frequency change cannot 'add up' to big changes. It only shuffles between existing info and may eliminate some as well. Macro-e must 'progress' by mutations of the existing information. But then there is the combination theory which Rationalist has explained. I think it is intriuguing, but I don't see how the different protiens become combined, nor do I see that there is a good likely-hood of them being useful if accidentaly combined - but there's always the billions of years which evolution must rely on in which anything is possible!  *edit* A seeming change in diversity of animals since the flood could be explained by allele changes. For example, dog breeding has resulted in such different breeds as a Chiuaua(however you spell it) and a Great Dane. This has not been through mutation, but by such things as the elimination of 'big' genes in the Chiuaua and the elimination of 'small' genes in the Dane. So it would seem that there may have been only one breed of 'dog' on the Ark - something like a wolf I suppose - and that breed has diversified due to different allele frequencies being caused by different environments. (some of this information is also derived from www.creationism.org)
Hi Robbie  I am going to assume that you are saying that a pair of wolfs on the ark would be a "kind". I am also going to assume that you are saying all the wolfs, foxes, coyotes, jackals, dingos, hyenas, dogs and the like evolved from the wolf kind. If so, would you consider that macro or micro evolution?  As far as I know, dogs and wolves can interbreed. Therefore how have they 'evolved' depends on how you define species.
Hi Robbie  I am going to assume that you are saying that a pair of wolfs on the ark would be a "kind". I am also going to assume that you are saying all the wolfs, foxes, coyotes, jackals, dingos, hyenas, dogs and the like evolved from the wolf kind. If so, would you consider that macro or micro evolution?  Hello   I guess I would define micro-evolution as allele-frequency change and macro-evolution as increase of information through random mutations. (and natural selection involved in both)  I would consider it micro-evolution, since 5000 years is in no way enough time for it to have occured by mutation. The only way for it to have happened would be changes in allele-frequency.   Doesn't the theory of dog 'origons' say that selective breeding has brought about all the dog breed we see from a wolf or wolf-like ancestor? This would show that large changes are possible through directed micro-e. I don't know about the foxes, hyenas, and so on, I think it would be possible for them to have micro-evolved from a common ancestor and it would also be possible for there to have been two or more 'kinds' of dog-like creatures on the ark.
Changing the size of animals through selective breeding is very little evolutionary change. A species that is not able to breed with another species is a fair amount of evolutionary change. If you are saying that all the different species I listed are descended from one pair, then we can have a discussion about evolution and how long it would take for that to happen. If you are saying that all the different species I listed were on the ark, we can have a discussion about how many different species would fit on the ark. I'm trying to find out where you stand so we can narrow the discussion and try to reach some conclusions. Would you give me an answer on where you stand on this specific question?  I don't have a particular stance as of now, so I guess I'll pick one. Let's say I believe that all the species mentioned decended from one origional pair on the ark about 5000 years ago.  Chiuauas and Great Danes are unable to breed with eachother, as stated by Lurch in a different thread. A test was done to artificially inseminate a Dane with a Chiuaua and the embyos were still-born. According to the classification used in certain bird species they are clearly different species. The differences between the two breeds are not little.  "The size difference between dog breeds varies amazingly, from the Chihuahua (six to nine inches tall, two to six lbs) to the Great Dane (30-34 inches tall, 120-160 lbs)" http://groups.yahoo.com/group/free-pet-content/message/16  The Dane roughly weighs 35 times more. For height... the difference is 4 times. These are enormous differences!
Since I'm new here and you don't know anything about me, let me start by saying that I am not in any way trying to prove you wrong. I have a strong belief in a loving God. I have had my years of struggle with my beliefs and have for a long time settled that area of my life. And I don't think science is the end all of knowledge. However to me there are some things that I know I would be lying to myself if I tried to accept. And creationism is one of those. That being said I want to look at what you have proposed.  Well! That is an interesting statement! I admit I had assumed you were an evolutionist. What specific parts of creationism do you not accept?   Okay you want to start with saying the fox and the dog came from the same pair on the ark. And you used the figure of 5000 years. However according to the Bible, the earth was created 6000 years ago (rounding off some) and the flood was 1650 years after the creation. That gives a time of 4350 years from the flood till today. But Jesus talks of foxes as well as dogs. That of course means that foxes and dogs existed at the time of Jesus which brings us to 2350 years for foxes to diverge from dogs. The Old Testament speaks of both foxes and dogs as early as Exodus. This leaves only a few hundred years and at the most say a 1000 years for that much divergence to take place. I have never heard of an evolutionist who would propose that much change in that short a period of time, because with that much change in that short of a time period, we would certainly be able to observe a lot more evolution than we can see in mammals in one human lifetime. Especially when scientist do selective breeding.   Of course this is just one example. We could look at all the different cats as well as some other animals. But for starters, what are your thoughts on this much diversity between the wolf kind in this short of a time period.  Well I don't know what to say to that. I think that would certainly make the beleif in a single dog 'kind' on the ark impossible. What if there were, say, fox, wolf, and hyena 'kinds'? I suppose that's what I'll change my arguement to, as I can't see any way for natural evolution from a wolf to fox within several hundred years.
The problem is that it is impossible to prove that this is so. Since we see evidence of so many "irreducibly complex" systems being derived from combinations of prior parts in just this way, it easier to believe that it is just another example of such a process, as opposed to being created by magic.  I must say you are beginning to sound dogmatic, and a wee bit snide - especially with that 'magic' jibe. You can not see 'irreducibly complex' systems so emerging, otherwise they'd not be 'irreducibly complex'! " I defined irreducible complexity as a single system which is composed of several well-matched, interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, and where the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning. (1996, 39)" " target="_blank"<http://www.arn.org/docs/behe/mb_sel...lin.htm  And this bit --< "where the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning" <-- is the fundamental blunder of IC. It must be stated this way --< "where the removal OR ADDITION of parts causes the system to cease functioning." Typically IC systems are created by combining two previously independent proteins, then that combined protein loses the redundant parts of the originals to form an apparent IC protein. You have to RE-ADD those missing bits to be able to split the system apart again.  Only by not permitting ANY change at all to the system can you close off all avenues of gradual step by step change.  Then you say there's a prevalence of deconstructable apparent IC systems, but don't name any. I don't think you understand IC at all, because you are reducing something to a non-working state and therefore claiming that this debunks IC... such as talking about independent proteins. The flagella is not a protein, it is a system that needs all the component parts to work. It doesn't matter an iota if a protein within that system can exist by itself.  Enough with the 'magic' tags hey? It is a rhetorical ploy used to demean the argument of the opposition, rather than deal with the constructing a counter-argument. It is in effect name calling. This 'who says' argument is not a proof, it is another rhetorical ploy. By coming up with any number of countless hypotheticals, you will ensure the exhausting of argument as the onus of proof will always be on my side. I'd have to continually try to prove negatives.  No, you simply have to provide evidence that such has never, or rarely been noted to occur. You can't provide this evidence because it is quite common. The prevalence of deconstructable apparent IC systems is an achillies heel to IC in general. It clearly demonstrates that if molecule "A" appears to be IC, but in fact has a variety of precursors.. then it is unlikely that "B" which is presently unknown does not as well.  When you say "You can't provide this evidence because it is quite common" I've no idea what you are referring to. Behe says that the flagella can't be drawn together piece by piece... because it wouldn't work with parts missing. It would serve as a hindrance to the creature, not a help, the same as if you had a 12foot piece of skin hanging off the end of your nose. (Sure, one day it might in theory be part of a trunk).  "...as biochemists have begun to examine apparently simple structures like cilia and flagella, they have discovered staggering complexity, with dozens or even hundreds of precisely tailored parts. It is very likely that many of the parts we have not considered here are required for any cilium to function in a cell. As the number of required parts increases, the difficulty of gradually putting the system together skyrockets, and the likelihood of indirect scenarios plummets. Darwin looks more and more forlorn." http://www.windowview.org/ARNfiles/Flagellum.html  Be positive. Show me the pathway of step-by-step evolution that lead to the flagella.  If I show you how the flagella evolved stepwise, then you will abandon creationism right? After all, it seems that if we can just identify the evolutionary history of any given IC system, creationists will then give up on IC for good.  Be honest now. Even if the flagella were described, you would then dig around to try and find some other supposed IC system, and cling to that until that too was understood. This has been happening ever since the eye or heart was proposed as IC. Each were not, but that never stopped the creationists.  As I said, you are being dogmatic. This unfair rhetorical ploy has no basis in an argument other than to confirm that you are already biased.  There are a number of problems with your arguments.  1) if you could show flagella was not IC, that would not disprove the IC concept, only this example 2) the statement you made could be turned on you... If I show you that the flagella is indeed IC, then you will abandon evolutionary theory right? (see how it doesn't work as an argument)  Okay.. http://www.health.adelaide.edu.au/P...ys/flagella.htmQuote: "A possible scenario for the evolution of the eubacterial flagella is as follows: a secretory system arose first, based around the SMC rod pore forming complex, which was the common ancestor of the type III secretory system, and the flagellar system. The proto-flagellar filament arose next as part of the protein secretion structure (cf the Pseudomonas pilus, the Salmonella filamentous appendages and the E coli filamentous structures), finally (as suggested by the presence of at least two, if not three, independent motors) an ion pump which was doing something else [see note] became associated with this structure and motility (presumably weak) occurred fortuitously. Even today MotAB can freely dissociate and re-associate with the flagellar structure. This early, limited motility was later refined into the more competent system we see today. Alternatively, the ion pumps became linked to the proto-flagella to provide extra "power" to pump proteins out of the complex, and flagella motion occurred via fortuitous mutations in the linkers Fli G,N,M later on. Regulation and switching can be added on later as there are modern eubacteria that lack these and function well in their environments.  This scenario coopts pre-existing homologous secretion structures with similar shapes, and produces a primitive pre-flagella with limited motility.  This is the type of recombination of existing structures evolved for different purposes that is typically the source of IC systems. The homology of the secretion protein structure and the secretion system is seen as good evidence that this was the case in this instance. (there were so many spelling errors in this I doubt the person's competence, however...)  Are you saying this is how it happened? No, you're saying this is how it might have happened. Your argument (the site you cite) takes the independent protein approach. But could it really have happened?  "Miller asserted that the flagellum is not irreducibly complex because some proteins of the flagellum could be missing and the remainder could still transport proteins, perhaps independently. (Proteins similar -- but not identical -- to some found in the flagellum occur in the type III secretory system of some bacteria. See Hueck 1998). Again he was equivocating, switching the focus from the function of the system to act as a rotary propulsion machine to the ability of a subset of the system to transport proteins across a membrane. However, taking away the parts of the flagellum certainly destroys the ability of the system to act as a rotary propulsion machine, as I have argued. Thus, contra Miller, the flagellum is indeed irreducibly complex. What's more, the function of transporting proteins has as little directly to do with the function of rotary propulsion as a toothpick has to do with a mousetrap. So discovering the supportive function of transporting proteins tells us precisely nothing about how Darwinian processes might have put together a rotary propulsion machine."  To this let me add: A system is irreducibly complex in Behe's sense if all its parts are indispensable to preserving the system's basic function. That an irreducibly complex system may have subsystems that have functions of their own (functions distinct from that of the original system) is therefore allowed in the definition. It seems that Miller is unclear about the distinction between a definition and an argument. Irreducible complexity is a well-defined notion that is appropriately and ascertainably applied to the bacterial flagellum. Miller's concern ultimately seems not over the definition but over its use as an argument to rebut Darwinism. Miller's point here generally is that if subsystems can be found with functions of their own (perforce different from that of the original system since otherwise the original system would not be irreducibly complex), then those subsystems and their functions can be grist for selection's mill and underwrite a Darwinian account of how the original system arose. Let's now turn to that possibility."  "Miller's whole argument that the bacterial flagellum evolved by Darwinian means rests on the existence of the type III secretory system (TTSS). The TTSS is coded for by about ten genes, each of which is homologous to genes in the bacterial flagellum. Thus Miller sees the TTSS as embedded in the bacterial flagellum, capable of being selected for on its own, and as a possible evolutionary precursor to the flagellum. He writes: "The TTSS does not tell us how either it or the flagellum evolved. This is certainly true, although Aizawa has suggested that the TTSS may indeed be an evolutionary precursor of the flagellum (Aizawa 2001)."  "Accordingly, the TTSS may be thought of as a possible subsystem of the flagellum that performs a function distinct from the flagellum. Nevertheless, finding a subsystem of a functional system that performs some other function is hardly an argument for the original system evolving from that other system. One might just as well say that because the motor of a motorcycle can be used as a blender, therefore the motor evolved into the motorcycle. Perhaps, but not without intelligent design. Indeed, multipart, tightly integrated functional systems almost invariably contain multipart subsystems that serve some different function. At best the TTSS represents one possible step in the indirect Darwinian evolution of the bacterial flagellum. But that still wouldn't constitute a solution to the evolution of the bacterial flagellum. What's needed is a complete evolutionary path and not merely a possible oasis along the way. To claim otherwise is like saying we can travel by foot from Los Angeles to Tokyo because we've discovered the Hawaiian Islands. Evolutionary biology needs to do better than that." http://www.designinference.com/documents/2003.02.Miller_Response.htm  I did suggest you read before you responded.
Firstly, I'd like to get a nonsense out of the way. Of course I am biased. Everyone is, even your beloved scientists.   Well... the mouse trap that behe presents is reducibly complex, as is the bacterial flagella. Do you have more examples?  That's all that I need... one conceptual, one actual.  If you agree with the bacterial flagella as bing IC, then that's all.  Thank you for that honest admission.  Now I need not respond to the rest because we have settled this issue - the flagella is not 'evolved' through step-by-step evoultion.
I got a good laugh out of Montalban optimistically reading ?irreducibly complex? instead of ?reducibly complex?. A good indication of how our brain has evolved. LOL  Thanks.  WJA has been quite silent for some time. I wonder where Lurch is?
Yes, this is like saying that everybody lies, therefore you are a liar.  When you claim bias, you must demonstrate that a particular claim is believed due to this bias and not the evidence or arguments for that claim. Otherwise, you're just thowing (sic) out a baseless charges.   There is a flaw with this analogy. Everyone does lie. Everyone is therefore a 'liar'.  There is a further flaw by your unwillingness to even contemplate that scientists could be 'human'. This is highly dogmatic.  There's no baseless charge if you accept that everyone is faulty. Even your beloved evolutionaries - the scientists that you follow - because your argument itself was flawed to being with... an argument that we have two sides here, one full of bias and irrational thinking (religious people) vs. rational sane objective people (evolutionaries).  If you can't accept that even evolutionaries are flawed individuals then you've established them on some kind of super-human status, and they certainly don't deserve ubermenschen stature.  Anyway, Behe's flagellum still has not been properly demonstrated to have come about in step-by-step fashion. There's one argument you put forward which involves giant leaps rather than 'steps'.  And, you did load your argument saying that if I didn't accept this argument I'm showing up my willingness to accept truths, even when thrust in front of me. Such rhetorical tactics I'd expect from Lurch or WJA.
Evolution does not work towards goals. We have an existing system in which a set of molecules have evolved for other purposes, but a chance muataion (sic) causes a change which causes them to act as a a (sic) somewhat inefficient primitive flagella. At this point, evolution then selects for this new function.  If this were so, then we'd see vestigial organs cropping up all the time. Instead we don't; we see homogeneity. (and if you're going to use disease as proof this will be very interesting). (We see homogeneity even in the fossil records).  Why aren't babies being born with 10 foot slithers of skin on the end of their nose? Who knows, maybe in 1,000,000 years this might be beneficial (or detrimental).  I like the loaded statement ... inefficient flagella... by what basis is it 'inefficient'? Is this a scientifically tested concept that has been applied?  The flagella has parts that are unique to it. There weren't just a lot of parts lying around serving no purpose that came together to make a flagella.  I wonder how one arrives at these sorts of illogical conclusions?  These are the types of arguments creationists typically make. They sound very decisive and convincing rhetorically (I especially like the quotes), but they really just don't make any sort of sense.  What don't, the quotes or the rhetoric?
No one wants to address the Noah's ark crowding problem I brought up?  Sorry I've taken so long to answer, I don't have much time on weekends. I'm not knowledgable at all in this area, but I found a book that purports to answer critics of Noah's ark and will try and get a hold of it. Perhaps you would be interested... http://www.icr.org/pubs/imp/imp-273.htm
What I still don't understand is how a chance mutation combines formerly unrelated parts. I can theorize that such a mutation could modify an existing part, but I cannot see how it would combine different parts together.
I have the book. It's the one I referred to in an earlier post.  Oh! I'm afraid I'm rather famous for my (lack of) memory.
 If this were so, then we'd see vestigial organs cropping up all the time. Instead we don't; we see homogeneity. (and if you're going to use disease as proof this will be very interesting). (We see homogeneity even in the fossil records).   We're talking about an existing "functioning" system in an organism being coopted or combined to form a novel function  No 'we're' not. You might be. But I'm not, neither is Behe as the flagella isn't comprised solely of pre-existing parts. Your restrictions don't work. I suppose you're going to say that the lens of the eye was a pre-existing part used for some other function and was co-opted into an eye.   Why aren't babies being born with 10 foot slithers of skin on the end of their nose? Who knows, maybe in 1,000,000 years this might be beneficial (or detrimental).   I don't know. Since this has nothing to do with what we're talking about, I'm puzzled as well  How droll. It has everything to do with it. Mutations are happening all the time. Mutations are, according to you neither good nor bad (by inference of design - nature just throws these up at random; and some by chance happen to help). So, we should be getting masses of differences all the time. The baby example sounds absurd to you, but why should it be absurd? Shouldn't nature keep throwing up freakish things?  As I said, we should be seeing hundreds of thousands of these things all over the world, humans here there and everywhere getting a third ear or a extra long nose.   I like the loaded statement ... inefficient flagella... by what basis is it 'inefficient'? Is this a scientifically tested concept that has been applied?   Since the present flagella consists of components of the secretory system (apparently), but somewhat modified. If the original combination had been optimal, it is unlikely the modifications would have evolved   The flagella has parts that are unique to it. There weren't just a lot of parts lying around serving no purpose that came together to make a flagella.   Some of the parts are unique. The rest were components of the secretory system. None of the components were ever serving "no other purpose".  So, how did the new parts come about? What caused the parts to come together. What happened to the old systems when the parts that pre-existed were taken away and co-opted to make the flagella?   In effect you're saying. Nature is blind. Mutations occur all the time. The flagella that exists as it is today is an example of mutation - pre-existing parts coming together to form a new thing... but that a mutation like a trunk-like growth of flesh is ridiculous - when it's a mutation and might one day be beneficial.
A chance mutation can do this by insertion. The codons for one protein are inserted or appended to the codons of of another. This is especially likely if the genes are near eachother.  Another means by which this can occur is in the folding of the proteins. Two proteins can fold such that they interact because of their shape. If the proteins interlock or attach, they can form new combined structures.   Folding proteins... Show me where and how this happens. Why is it that one protein is able to fold into the right shape to attach itself to another? If this is happening all the time we'd see more mutations all the time.  Good theory you've got there. Saying something can happen doesn't mean that it does!
rationalist is quite correct on protein folding and the particulars of mutations.
A chance mutation can do this by insertion. The codons for one protein are inserted or appended to the codons of of another. This is especially likely if the genes are near eachother.  Another means by which this can occur is in the folding of the proteins. Two proteins can fold such that they interact because of their shape. If the proteins interlock or attach, they can form new combined structures.  Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't see how the folding of 2 protiens together could be passed on genetically.   Mutations occur because of radiation, correct? I really don't see how it is likely for this to happen. Why should two presumably efficient and self-sufficient protiens be better together?
Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't see how the folding of 2 protiens together could be passed on genetically.   Mutations occur because of radiation, correct? I really don't see how it is likely for this to happen. Why should two presumably efficient and self-sufficient protiens be better together?  Proteins don't just accidentally fold or fold like your laundry. It is the DNA that codes for the RNA which codes for the production of ...............................Yep Proteins.  The mutations that Rationalist speaks of occur at the DNA level. This cause the RNA to be changed in such a way that it codes for a protein that now folds where it did not before. This mutation can be passed on to progeny although infrequently does that happen as many of the genetic mutations that occur tend to be lethal or sterilizing in effect, at least in mammals. In smaller organisms such as bacteria or even sea creatures this doesn't have the same effect. At least that is my understanding from the one graduate genetics course that I took.
Another means by which this can occur is in the folding of the proteins. Two proteins can fold such that they interact because of their shape. If the proteins interlock or attach, they can form new combined structures.  This is what Rationalist said. This looks to me like 2 proteins bump into each other and attatch to make one protien. Isn't this just an accident? It doesn't mean there's now a new protein code in DNA that tells you to make the combined protein. This is what I'm confused about.
This is what Rationalist said. This looks to me like 2 proteins bump into each other and attatch to make one protien. Isn't this just an accident? It doesn't mean there's now a new protein code in DNA that tells you to make the combined protein. This is what I'm confused about.  Mutations cause the folding in the first place. Secondly, mutations are caused by radiation, chemicals, and a whole host of other items. Cosmic radiation is present in almost all places on the planet. You have to go very very deep inside the earth to eliminate them. It doesn't take much. More makes it happen more readily but a little can cause it as well.   As I said though, Chemicals can cause it as can radiation, as can simple spontaneity and the codons themselves can actually code for a mutation to occur. A DNA switch can switch on a gene that actually codes for enzymes that code for the mutations.  Also mutation can occur at the RNA level. Mrna could be coded incorrectly, tRNA could malfunction, rRNA could also code incorrectly and produce an enzyme (read protein) that causes a mutation in one of the sex cells or otherwise.  Genetic mutations or alterations can occur macroscopically or even what are called point mutations where there is a singualr change in one nucleic acid. In DNA replication a nucleic acid can be missed entirely shifting all of the nucleic acids one down in the chain. This has catastrophic consequences usually. However, point mutations can simply cause a slightly different protein that simply folds.
By the way, I am a creationist who just happens to know biology. I don't believe any of this information actually points to evolution. I actually believe that the elegance and beauty and significant order of the single human cell is such that it can only be explained by God.
Given what you seem to know about genetics, what is the force that stops variation and natural selection from occuring?  Also, what other interpretation can you make for the distribution of fossils in the fossil record.  These things just don't fit with any reasonable creationist interpretation.  Frankly, this topic is rather appropo (grudgingly conceding some points). These are items that I do not have answers for as I have a good education in the sciences of them and have little to no education in the realm of apologetics.  I have never extensively compared the two. There are those that have. Ken Hamm of australia has done this I think. But I think he is an apologist and not a scientist. Variation certainly occurs. I don't think it is stopped. I think there is an alternate way to view the fossile record. Just because we find seeming progression of fossiles, does not mean that it was a progression. That is a conslusion we draw based on the evidence. Other conclusions would be that those species did not evolve, one from the other but were created.  As for Natural selection, I hold nothing against tht at all. I do not believe that the Bible and natural selection are mutually exclusive.
Such a view has not been forthcoming that I am aware of. The fossil record is characterized by a vived ordered progression of morphologically diverging lines of organisms that are arrayed in a tree pattern from the lower strata to the most recent.  There are no identifiable 'kinds' that match biblical descriptions in this record.  There are very few modern forms in the record except in the topmost layers.  There are no modern humans, or most other modern mammals except in the topmost layers.  There are a large number of creatures in the record which defy classification as one modern form or another. They contain features of both their ancestral and modern forms (transitionals).  They are distributed in patterns across landmasses which precisely match the position and connectivity of those landmasses in that epoch (biogeography).   etc.    We see the mechanism, and the historical artifacts that match precisely what we would expect of that mechanism working over time. I think together that does indeed mean that there was a progression.    Those conclusions ignore most if not all existing evidence in favor of a hypothesis which is in contradiction with a good deal of evidence.    Yes, only with a literal intepretation of it.  I must respectfully disagree and as I said, have to decline further simply because I do not have the education to provide intelligent argument. There are people that do have the education and have argued intelligently the positions I posited. I will come back after some research for such names and or links that I can find.
Mutations cause the folding in the first place.  Thanks for the explanation! I think I've got it, but I might as well make sure... a mutation causes 2 proteins to fold together and make a combined protien.
I would suggest the following links:  Evolution:  http://www.talkorigins.org http://www.gate.net/~rwms/EvoEvidence.html  Creation:  http://www.arn.org http://www.answersingenesis.com http://www.discovery.org http://www.icr.org http://www.trueorigin.org http://www.drdino.com http://www.evolutionfairytale.com  Thanks: I will spend some time there.
[QUOTE=WarriorPoet]As a creationist, there are some points I have to concede:  First point: Lurch et al have much more extensive knowledge than most (if not all) creationists on this board, whether it is admitted by the creationists or not.   Second point: I have recently been reading publications from various creationist sources (specifically Hank Hanagraff's new booklet - can't remember the name right now). Most of these seem to be very shallow in nature.  Third point: This is a point that lurch has brought up on numerous occasions, and it is a point that I also must concede. No one here that I have read is trying to show the evidence FOR creation.    Although I really should not be here, because it is excessively time consuming I cannot resist -  Your first and second point can be answered at the same time: Most "creationists" do not study evolution from a secular point of view. Therefore, they do not have the best answers and when they do come up with something interesting it is easily refuted.  Your third point: If Lurch does not hold a PhD he probably should.  I went to a state university to study evolution with the sole purpose of refuting it. I do not have all the answers, but I am willing to do the research if you post some responses here. I am the only student who went in a Christian believing in 6 days of creation and went out the same way.  The main problem is you are trying to convert the members of one religion (forgive me lurch but if you look up the definition you will see I can use it here) to another. I believe Christians should rename what we call science and avoid the stuff completely. Why? By definition, science discovers things through hypothesis. This is why you can never scientifically prove creation. You cannot form a hypothesis about the supernatural. It is in the scientific rulebook. God is supernatural so you cannot form a hypothesis about him. You cannot form a hypothesis unless you can test it. God clearly says we are not to test him so any hypothesis about God is not valid (strike two). Finally, You can only form hypothesis about things you can disprove. Well, God exists so you cannot disprove him so once again science has blocked us from proving to them His existence. You cannot convert someone from his or her religion.  You ask for proof of the Bible. Something is deemed historically correct if it can be verified by more than one source. With the gospels and Josephus Jesus would be historically correct. Kings and Chronicles are two sources, which describe what happened to the tribe of Judah. What about the flood? Well, funny that every single culture on the face of this earth has a worldwide flood story. Yes, these stories have slight variation as do Chronicles and Kings and as do Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. However, if you handed in a paper to a teacher that was word for word the same between you and four of your friends she would not think it was your own work. Their variation proves different authorship.  Science began with Socrates, who denied the existence of all the Greek gods, but accepted the existence of one God because he realized that bicycles (I am using bicycles as an example do not e-mail me to say they didn't have bicycles in ancient Greece!) do not just form themselves. To get a tool to do such a precise activity it must be designed. He deemed that since all of nature had a precise job it was to accomplish it could not have just formed. However, his contemporary philosophers (which is where our modern science evolved from) could only see the ridiculousness of their polytheistic mythology and began to deny that any god existed.
The "evidence" is a document that is not supported by objective evidence, and in actually suggests things that observations of the real world contradict. If you start with the assumption that the bible is correct, and then interpret the objective evidence found in the real world to fit what the bible says, and then insist this shows support of the bible... this is circular logic.   Science tries to describe the natural world, or describe the world with regards to what can be objectively observed. that's fine if you want to say that there are things beyond the natural world, however you can't suggest that science should acknowledge their existence because they are simply out of the scope of science.    This is good. I like this. You say that science does not presume anything beforehand. Yet they have to in order to form a hypothesis, a scientist must have some presumptions.  Now lets review a little history. I will be brief and only give three examples. Lets start with DNA. Hmmm, in the beginning (fifty years agoish) scientist had a longstanding hypothesis. Proteins were the genetic material. Then some nice scientists came along and attached a marked to DNA and protein and clearly discovered with reproducible results that DNA was the genetic material. The scientific community refused their experiments until is could not longer be denied. Now with these prions, we have returned to the same question and science is trying to explain how proteins can alter a cell's genetics without being genetic material.  Now lets take a more recent turn of events. The universe is expanding a constant rate. This has been documented and I believe it is even a scientific law. However. for the big bang to occur, it would have been impossible, so scientists are changing the law to say that in the beginning (excuse the wording) the universe expanded very quickly and then slowed shortly afterward to a constant speed that has never changed since. Finally, lets talk about evolution. What is the theory of evolution (not the vague "things change over time without God")? Well, originally it was things change slowly over a period of many billions of years. Sadly, the fossil record does not support this view. According to the record, things have a burst of diversification, then they have a dying off period, then a space and then another burst of diversification. Well, that is a bit harder to stomach than a nice slow one mutation at a time, one gene at a time theory, but eventually the evolutionists will have to explain it (if they haven't already come up with some good excuse) because they are certain that the theory of evolution is true.  No, I am sorry, but scientists by nature jump to conclusions just as badly as &#8220;creationists&#8221; do.
 1. The universe has never expanded at a constant rate. It is slowing down. The question is whether it is slowing down enough that gravity will eventually reverse the process. Last I read the evidence strongly points towards an infinite expansion. I think you are talking about the speed of light being constant except for a microsecond right at the beginning of the big bang when there was what is called hyper-expansion.  2. That&#8217;s pretty funny. You&#8217;ve fallen into the creationist propaganda. Nothing in evolution happens in burst. It all happens nice and slow. There are just periods of time when changes happen faster than other periods of time. Mainly because the environment changed drastically. But that discovery didn&#8217;t challenge the theory of evolution, it just showed how evolution worked. 3. Scientist may sometimes jump to conclusions because they are humans like everyone else. But everything they do is subject to public review by other scientist. Any kind of error is soon discovered. Whereas creationist can just say God did it and there&#8217;s your answer. That&#8217;s fine for those that want to believe that, but it ain&#8217;t science.   1. No the present rate at which the universe is expanding is basically the same. Look up the Inflationary Theory which is the theory that I am referring to about how the universe spent the first fraction of a second expanding very quickly and then suddenly slowed. Whether or not the universe will continue to expand or will stop has not been determined yet. Once again, in this field their are many Theories that need to be formed to try and explain why the universe did this, and the scientists who support the big bang are trying to form them to explain how their idea is true. Not by looking at it without bias. 2. Sorry, as I stated earlier, I do not read much on creationist theories (unless I am looking to see how unscientific they are) only evolutionist ones actually written by evolutionists. Get a good book on the fossil record and you will see that this is a correct adjustment to the theory. (as I believe you are admitting). We find animals in the fossil record in groups of diversity. Then there is a period where we find little to no fossils. In high school, we learn about nice round circular orbits in which electrons float around the nucleus of an atom. In college, we learn this is not the truth, electrons are most likely in an orbital which are anything but perfect circles and only the predictable spots where we can expect the electrons at a given point in time. A pair of evolutionary scientists wrote the book I read, although I believe it was called "The Myth of Evolution" it had a deceiving title in that aspect. I got it at the public library which was a surprise to me because usually I have only found non-scholarly works there. Someone else in this post had pointed out that a person who is a scientist and believes in God goes about his experiments in such a way as to prove that he is right and this invalidates his work. The point I was making was not to disprove evolution based on these facts, but to say that an evolutionist forms his theories on the preconcieved notions that evolution is correct in the same way someone who believes in God bases his theories on the preconceived notions that he is correct.  3. I agree that science is subject to peer review. Its precision in some of its discoveries is part of why I love it. But science is not a constant. You are wrong to assume that a creationist can just say,"God did it" and that is an answer. It is true that people who believe in creation should have a blind faith, but a scientist examines the world and realizes that something must have created it. Based on his obsevations, he determines that through a series of chemical reactions the world was created. A creationist can look at the world and determine that although chemical reactions are carried out quite naturally, that there is something more than that driving nature and determines it to be God. A buddhist monk can be just a scientific and determine the same thing can be karma. The biggest problem is that evolution belongs on the philosophical end of the scientific spectrum. It is impossible to prove without a doubt who is right until, of course God returns, but the scientist and the buddhist both say that will not happen.
No one wants to address the Noah's ark crowding problem I brought up?  I will address your Noah's ark issue and a few others. The ark was about as big as a football stadium and contained three separate floors. Yes, they were on the ark for a little over a year. Even more shocking contrary to popular belief, they did not just take two of every kind. Some kinds they had to take seven pairs (fourteen animals) onto the ark. Therefore, as big as it was it does lead us to wonder how could they have done it and had enough food? A football stadium is relatively large, but with all those animals, it would have been crowded. However, some or the animals that were taken in seven pairs would have been food animals for the other animals. In addition, most large animals do not reproduce as quickly as smaller animals and so this would have helped as well. In addition, when God instructed Noah about "kinds" and "animals" it is probable that these terms were not all inclusive (in other words they did not mean every living species at the time of the flood). Before the flood, a mist covered the surface of the earth. I am sure it was thicker than what we find today in rainforests. All the animals God created to live in this environment would not have been able to survive after the flood so I am sure God did not have Noah waste space on the ark with them.  In the recent past, we have discovered how to make many hybrids of animals and plants. Since humans are involved this in not evolution. Although Mendel was named the father of modern genetics, I believe that humans who were allowed to live for 700 - 900 years would have been able to come to some of their own discoveries. I also believe that after Noah exited the ark he and his sons were able to help speed the process of diversification. Once again since it was human controlled, it is not evolution.
Ezekiel predicted Babylon would conquer Egypt and was wrong.As long as a flaw exists in the Bible it cannot be considered to be proof enough in itself and therefore is not reliable evidence for creation.   Before responding specifically to these statements, I would like to address the consensus among the pro-evolutionists in this forum. They constantly relate repeatedly that the Bible is a book of complete fiction. It irks me to see people who are claiming to be educated not accept the Bible as a historical document. Aside from doing various other tests for authenticity and dating of artifacts (and translation which some also consider falling under the same category), science is not history and scientists are not historians. Historians recognize any written material from the past as important to decoding history. If you throw out the Bible as a historical document and consider it a fiction, then you must also throw out hieroglyphics, which historians recognize as history even though they have been proven to contain gross historical errors in favor of Egypt. In fact, since most of recorded history before the Common Era was lost, and historians rely on second hand sources such as Herodotus and Josephus to fill in the dark eras, you would also have to discount them. In effect, you might as well say that history never existed because it could not be effectively tested, which is about as unscientific a statement as can be. I am not asking for those involved here to accept the Bible as the divinely inspired Word of God and that every detail is accurate (regardless of what I believe). What I am saying is that you do not need to discredit every letter of it as being an inaccurate mythology story. This claim only shows you ignorance of how history is compiled.  Now lets address Ezekiel. Obviously, this information was discovered from and anti-Christian atheist source, which looked only at what Christian commentators were saying about the subject and had a poor source for, recorded history. Because you were consulting such a reference to begin with, I can only conclude that the statement you make where you imply objectivity beforehand is false. First, instead of consulting commentaries, which interpret what Ezekiel meant, lets talk about prophecy and it genre. Prophecy was a style of writing as well as one that claims to foretell future events. Just as your average Joe cannot pick up a scientific journal and understand the relevance of an article about the differentiation of sea urchins (not a magazine about scientific issues with photos) he also cannot hope to comprehend a form of writing that was popular thousands of years ago without first examining all the examples of it. Another example, someone who has never read a poem in his entire life cannot hope to pick up the works of Tennyson (or worse yet Pope) and be able to decipher them. With that in mind, understand that most prophecies are not meant to be read like a book, they actually are more like poetry. In your quotes, you assume that since the verse are close together in the book of Ezekiel that they refer to the same situations and events. If you examine other works (even non-Jewish ones), you will discover that prophesy writings are more like a puzzle that has been shaken apart and put back together in a more poetic form. Now let us talk about history. Our only sources of history covering this point are from Herodotus and Josephus &#8211;who consulted manuscripts no longer available to us and wrote much after the fact- and the Bible, cuneiform tablets, and hieroglyphics. These are the only sources covering this area for this period. Piecing together history from these sources, we begin with Apries who was pharaoh during Nebuchadnezzar&#8217;s (further referred to herein as Neb.) siege on Tyre. After this time Apries lost popularity and Amasis usurped him and caused a civil war. When Apries was captured, he was handed over to the crowds to be dealt with as they pleased. Much of the Egyptian history about the siege of Jerusalem (which Apries was pharaoh during) is missing. It is possible that during this time Neb. Marched against Egypt and subjugated them. In addition, there is one badly preserved record of Neb. Taking military action against Egypt during the reign of Amasis but because it is the only source and in very poor condition it is regarded historically as not having happened. Before the time of Neb., Egypt was a super power whose borders at one time extended through Israel. They even sent their troops to the aid of other countries. After the time of Neb., they preformed only campaigns solidifying their borders with Ethiopia no major campaigns to take other land for their own are recorded. After Amasis, Egypt was conquered by the Persians &#8211;from whom they eventually broke free. Then we read of Artaxexes who did decimate Egypt and destroy its temples. From that point in history onwards, Egypt never again had a native pharaoh. Being a subordinate of another country seems to me like they were made low to me. Under the Turks rule, they actually were suffers of plagues and famine. I do not see Egypt as a top world power today either.
Ezekiel predicted Babylon would conquer Egypt and was wrong.  Ezekiel predicts that Nebuchadrezzar of Babylon will conquer Egypt utterly destroying it, slaying and scattering it's people, and that it will stay uninhabited for 40 years.  If I predict you'll die if you drink poison, and you survive - because you didn't drink it, am I wrong?  Jonah went to a city, Ninevah, claiming it would be destroyed. It wasn't, because they mended their ways. Was Jonah wrong?  The Bible contains a great deal of evidence but it is not always in favor of their being a God. This segament alone has forever changed my view on the 'evidence' presented in the Bible. The evidence for creation can only be assumed to be true without needing proof if the Bible is 100% factual and is proof enough in itself. As long as a flaw exists in the Bible it cannot be considered to be proof enough in itself and therefore is not reliable evidence for creation.  Please show me the verses that suggest there is no God.  It's interesting that one passage of the Bible has affected you so.  What has Ezekiel got to do with Genesis?
That?s pretty funny. You?ve fallen into the creationist propaganda. Nothing in evolution happens in burst. It all happens nice and slow. There are just periods of time when changes happen faster than other periods of time. Mainly because the environment changed drastically. But that discovery didn?t challenge the theory of evolution, it just showed how evolution worked.  Not according to evoultionist Stephen J Gould. The thing about evoultion is you've assumed that there's one theory. There are many competing theories.  If you want even faster evolution, try looking at Goldschmidt and his hopeful monsters.  Scientist may sometimes jump to conclusions because they are humans like everyone else. But everything they do is subject to public review by other scientist. Any kind of error is soon discovered. Whereas creationist can just say God did it and there?s your answer. That?s fine for those that want to believe that, but it ain?t science.  What about creation scientists? Where do they stand in this scheme you've invented?
 The evidence for creation is in the Bible   why should we see the bible as evidence?  wait i know this.. becuase it is inspired by god how do you know it is inspired by god?  oh thats right the bible says so.   hmmm very circular   Why should we reject the Bible as evidence?  Wait I know this, because it's all fairy stories. There is no god anyway.  hmmmm very circular
 But you fail to mention that the presumption needed to form the hypothesis is based on observation. And then that hypothesis is tested and reviewed by the scientists peers. It will ultimately stand or fall on it's ability to explain the evidence, not on what any one scientist wants. The scientific method is remorseless, presumptions that are not supported by the evidence are discarded, even presumptions that are well loved and accepted.   SETI is a scientific program set up to look for evidence of extra-terrestrial life. Have they observed aliens already? They've just made an assumption without observation. Sorry.   Take creationism for example, up until about 200 years ago it was scientifically accepted that the earth was young and all life was discretely created. This was the mainstream scientific presumption, backed up by the Bible. But then Christian geologists started looking at the Earth, at quarries and excavation sites, at mountains and they realized that the layers in the geologic column couldn't have possibly been formed in a few thousand years, that the Earth had to be millions of years old at least. Notice the presuposition (sic) was a young earth, but the extrodinary (sic) evidence forced them to change their theory.  Christians looked at the earth? Who are you kidding Darwin's great geology friend hated Christianity. He made the assumption that the Earth must be far older than the Bible, and then scientists have been out collecting only the evidence that matches this belief.   The same goes for evolution. Darwin was a christian, his presupposition was not evolution, just the opposite. But the evidence forced him to change his view. In all the time between Darwin and now, all the evidence has confirmed his original hypothesis, all life evolved from a common ancestor. Discoveries of DNA and the fossil record only confirm this. What evidence changed his mind? Was it the finches on the Galapagos Islands that aren't proof of speciation? No, it was his own experiments as a pigeon breeder. He made the illogical assumption that if he could emphasise characteristics through purposeful selective breeding then perhaps nature through blind chance came to the same result.   Your comments on evolution happening in bursts is not correct, as Hank said, evolution can happen at different rates depending on many things, like how rapidly the environment changes for example. This is not a problem for the theory of evolution.  Hank said  Nothing in evolution happens in burst. It all happens nice and slow. There are just periods of time when changes happen faster than other periods of time. Mainly because the environment changed drastically. But that discovery didn?t challenge the theory of evolution, it just showed how evolution worked.  In other words evolution happens both fast and slow. Which suggests 'bursts' can happen.   Science doesn't deal in "Laws", laws are a function of math. The highest you can go in science is a theory.  Maths is a science.  But how does the creationist determine this? Surely not by observing the evidence, because there is no evidence for or against God. And because there is no evidence either way, science says nothing about God, doesn't deny or support Him.  There is evidence for creation. There is evidence for God. I wrote extensively before about miracles. You must have missed that.  The biggest problem is that evolution belongs on the philosophical end of the scientific spectrum. It is impossible to prove without a doubt who is right until, of course God returns, but the scientist and the Buddhist both say that will not happen.  Why does it belong on the philosophical end of the spectrum?  It is a belief system that helps godless people sleep better at night.   We have overwhelming evidence of it occurring in the past, we see it occurring today, we understand some of the mechanisms that drive it, we understand them so well that we use it in industry, we use it in medicine. Your contention that if it is caused by humans then it is not evolution is wrong.  Evolution caused by humans? Here I was believing that it was a natural thing, caused by blind chance, no creative/intelligent force in it. Obviously there must be two kinds of evolution then. Natural and un-natural. How do you tell them apart?
[QUOTE=Demon38]Priscilla2, 1. But you fail to mention that the presumption needed to form the hypothesis is based on observation 2. because there is no evidence either way, science says nothing about God, doesn't deny or support Him. 3. Your comments on evolution happening in bursts is not correct 4. Darwin was a christian, QUOTE]  1. & 2. I am not here to teach you a basic science lesson about the hypothesis. But if it will make you feel better I can write a whole post explaining the formation of a hypothesis, obtaining funding, experimentation, publication and repetition of the experiment by peers. I merely listed the criteria required for forming a hypothesis. In addition, showing that not allowing the usage of crediting God with originally designing the system being investigated it has removed God from it. (Science test question: Why can&#8217;t God be included in a hypothesis?) Since science relies completely on the cognitive ability of men to try to figure all of the universe's questions, it denies the need for God. Science could not say flat out that there is no God simply because most scientists are Christian in one sense of the word.  3. & 4. I have not made a point yet about denying evolution. My point so far has only been that science changes its views over time and when someone disproves a former theory beyond the shadow of a doubt, science will continue to cling to its original line of thought for often many years before changing.  Darwin was never a Christian. After doing poorly in school because he couldn&#8217;t keep his mind on his studies, his father forced him to attend a seminary because he felt since he didn&#8217;t have any talent the only thing he could ever be was a clergyman. He left the seminary when the chance to go on the HMS Beagle arose. Since someone else had actually developed the theory before him and he rushed its publication because he wanted the credit for it, I do not see how it strained his conscious too much. While the scientists of his day did accept it, Christian England is the one that gave him the problems. He was not a martyr. Since Darwin wrote Origin, the theory of evolution has had to change because new developments have come up. I could not find the book at the library again which means that its title was not &#8220;The Myth of Evolution&#8221; and I will probably never find it again since it was checked out on a whim. However, I have before me &#8220;The Field Guide to Prehistoric Life&#8221; which give a very picturesque description of the fossil record. Using it as a reference, you can see that most diversification of species occurs over mere 30 &#8211; 60 million-year intervals and then there is usually about 100 million years before the next diversification burst occurs. This to me shows bursts not gradual diversification. I am sorry, but you cannot just say, &#8220;Evolution doesn&#8217;t happen that way because I say so.&#8221;
[QUOTE=Demon38]Priscilla2, 5. Science doesn't deal in "Laws",  6. accepted that the earth was young  7. Why does it belong on the philosophical end of the spectrum?  [QUOTE]  5. Mathematics is a science. What teachers have you had that you have never heard of the law of gravity, the three laws of thermodynamics, and the law of inertia? I can give you a longer list if you would like. A law in science is an irrefutable fact and thereby the highest you can get. However, I agree that very few observations make it to this level. When something obtains the status of &#8220;theory&#8221;, it is also a high honor, but even theories can be eventually overturned in the ever-changing spectrum of science.6. I believe the real reason that scientists abandoned the young earth theory was because they did not realize the effects of placing more than 600 atm of pressure on the earth&#8217;s surface for several months would do to it. The reason many scientists maintain a belief in God is simply because when one learns of all the wonders that occur in biology: our bodies produce enough acids and enzymes to digest ourselves and yet we remain unharmed. O2 is one of the most corrosive gases on the earth and yet our bodies use it without destroying themselves, pure water is the only safe thing for a pregnant woman and yet our species still manages to reproduce viable offspring. Because scientists recognize the completeness of the design the often recognize God. However, in a true scientist's work, God would never be allowed for a second.  7. I do not deny that mutations occur, or that there is much observable evidence for evolution today. The part that needs to be placed on the philosophical end of the spectrum is in origins of the earth and universe. In other words, whether God created the earth in 6 &#8211; 24 hour days or whether is took billions of years. This is not something that can be observed. The experiments they are currently doing to support how life was originally formed are flawed in that they make educated guess based on what we know is needed to create life and then perform experiments to see if we can form life&#8217;s building blocks. If the experiment is successful then it is deemed that we have the correct components. That is not a justifier of pre-life conditions. It is impossible to discern what the conditions of a pre-life earth were.
[QUOTE=Demon38]Priscilla2, 8. Discoveries of DNA and the fossil record only confirm this 9. Your contention that if it is caused by humans then it is not evolution is wrong. 10. I'll deal with the myth of Noah in another post........[/ [QUOTE]  8. The discovery of DNA has nothing to do with confirming evolution. It was known long before Darwin that traits were heritable whether or not DNA was the mechanism. Heritable mutations support, not confirm, the theory. The fossil record also supports it. 9. 9. Scientifically, humans cannot aid evolution. Humans can exterminate and entire mangrove island to set up an experiment, but they cannot aid in the migration. Human intervention in mutation is genetics not evolution. All the sciences do interact with each other to some extent (especially mathematics and chemistry), and there is often argument as to who should be doing which experiment. Evolution is definitely defined as being spontaneous not cause by human intervention. 10. You do not have to try to refute my Noah&#8217;s ark post. Hank wanted an explanation and I gave him the reasons I believed it would be possible. The only facts I have stated so far about the flood were the size of the ark, the length of the flood and the pressure on the surface of the earth. Now, if you want to write a grant and get me several million dollars so I can build an ark, gather animals and food, and then live on it for a year with my family (There will probably only be seven of us so you are welcome to come too). Then I would have the evidence need to back up my claim. That brings up another way in which science is often biased: funding.
[QUOTE=montalban]SETI is a scientific program set up to look for evidence of extra-terrestrial life. Have they observed aliens already? QUOTE]  Glad to see there are still some creationists hanging around in this post, I was beginning to think they had all disappeared.
[QUOTE=Priscilla2]SETI is a scientific program set up to look for evidence of extra-terrestrial life. Have they observed aliens already? QUOTE]  Glad to see there are still some creationists hanging around in this post, I was beginning to think they had all disappeared.  I've been debating on other posts within this site.  I left this particular issue because of the side-tracking ad hominem arguments that this gang of evolutionaries seem intent on passing-off as argument.  When one of their own makes a mistake they cover for him by trying to side-track you.  Have a look at the debates we had ovr Darwin's Finch. To recap...  It's supposed to be the exmplar model of speciation.  But no one can even agree as to how many different 'species' it is!  And, in the book "The Beak of the Finch" on evolutionist wrote that he observed different 'species' successfully mating, which seems to undermine the very definition of species.  They just regurgitate this as a proof, even though all the evidence says otherwise.
I love debating creation-evolution but have been busy on other threads so have neglected the post I made here. Now I see there have been several post and I don?t think I have the time to answer every one that replied to my post. In addition it seems there has been a shotgun effect of posting lots of different items to discuss which makes it even more difficult to respond to. If anyone is interested, I would like to focus the debate on the flood. So here are some of my questions.  It has been stated that the ark was the size of a football field. I think the floor area is about the size of two football fields. That being said, what do you think is the possibility of successfully cramming any large or even medium size zoo into two football fields for a year?  How long and how did the South American sloth get to South America?  How and why did almost all the marsupials go to Australia?  How about using this to start the debate?  I take it you only want to debate with a strict biblicist. Not only Christians believe in creation. Why are you limiting your field?
Hank, why not talk about the fluidity or plasticity of evolutionary terms.  The term 'ancestor type' is used quite a bit. It brings to mind something that is actually the forefather of something, but it needn't be, it could be used instead of 'archaic'... something that's just old, but not directly the progenitor of anything.  Same with species. There's so many different definitions.  Yet all these terms go into evolutionary parlance
I'm not a scientist or an expert on evolution but I do know something about it. But you seem to just be saying that scientist that study evolution use a lot of different terms. Okay but how does that disprove evolution?  I'm not a scientist either. But, I think, if you're trying to prove something, then moving the goalposts doesn't help.  Did you read what I said about Darwin's Finch?  It is the primary example of speciation used by evolutionaries when teaching their dogma.  It goes along the lines...   Darwin discovered all these finches in different nooks and crannies, showing that they had diversified to take up all the different food sources.  They had diversified so much that they had become different species.  This was confirmed early last century when someone tried to interbreed two of the different species.  Then along comes a book "The Beak of the Finch" which shows that two different 'species' successfully interbreed.  Now, if they're different species, they can't by definition interbreed.  If they can interbreed, they are the same species, which means that they're not an example of speciation.  However, scientists then try to re-define the term species to accomadate them, so as to keep them as a valid example.  Switching the goalposts. Go have a read on this forum about the finches. It's interesting stuff.  There was a bird/lizard said to be the intermediate stage between birds and lizards.  It was called an ancestor of modern birds.  Then they discovered no birds had descended from it, but they retain the title 'ancestoral type' because it alludes to this process, even though it's a misnomer.  Secondly they call it a 'transitional type' suggesting further that it is in flux, but then if you press evoultionaries hard on this point, they say it just seems to have some things that look like a bird, some like a liazard, so it's not in 'transition' in the normal sense of the word.  Another is that there are several competing theories as to how moden man evolved. All are fine by evolutionary standards, but how can totally competing ideas still all be accepted as valid?
I was not limiting the field. I was trying to focus the discussion so that something could be debated.  Okay, what is it about Noah's ark that you want to debate?
I disagree with limiting this post strictly to Noah&#8217;s ark, but I would like it to return to what I deemed to be its original objective: instead of using science to debate against evolution to use it to defend creation. Here are the observations that have led me to my conclusions about Noah&#8217;s ark: 1. Modern research facilities: Instead of our floating zoo image we need to take in a more practical view of the ark. In modern research facilities, there are no spacious 15-foot high cages. The cages on the ark were probably just big enough for the animals to lie down, stand up, and eat in and were probably built in layers. (By the way, there were three layers to the ark.) 2. The ark design: Instead of cages only along the outer wall, I imagine there were many inner walls designed in such a way as to utilize wall space for more cages. 3. Speciation: Domesticated animals I count from one line. For example, wolves and foxes can be counted as two different species, but dogs do not get a count. This is the same for cats. Cattle, oxen, and the like would be counted as having one ancestor on the ark. Sheep would have one, goats would have one, etc. You must also remember that sometime we call the same animal by different names, i.e. doves and pigeons. We have records from 2000 B.C. that they were breeding something like 200 different types of sheep in Mesopotamia so we know that our ancestors had some knowledge of the practice. 4. Dinosaurs: we can take two pieces of evidence for my belief they were not on the ark for whatever reason. First, it is possible they became extinct beforehand. In fact, the mass extinctions could easily be explained as caused by humans. A recent example of this is DDT. Second, since we find entire herds of thousands of dinosaurs fossilized together in flood beds, we can assume one of two things. Either dinosaurs had no sense animals today have to take cover when they know bad weather is approaching, or there was no place for them to take cover when the flood that buried them came. 5. Finally, as to food storage, you should read the book Kon Tiki. 6. I have not thought about the fact of different species specifically those in Australia. (The South American ones could have come across the land bridge, which in my opinion remained until sometime after Babel.) At the moment, I can think of two conclusions: they either came with the people, or there were other land bridges that were destroyed by natural disasters after Babel. As long as you back up your proof with something better than, &#8220;I said so&#8221; I will welcome debate to it.
Unfortunately, I have been putting off other important things just to answer the messages on this post. (Especially reading throught the 200 previous posts of which most was just mindless I am right and you are wrong because I said so. I would drop this post and join a new one that just covered the subject I mentioned earlier so that I wouldn\'t have to have people wade through the same mess to see what is current.I also hope that you can use the information that I offer here to debate others. I am not surprised about the finch debate. Evolutionists have a way of assuming that different environments mean different species. If my cat gives birth to two striped kittens, one black kitten and one white kitten do I assume they are different species? If I place all four of them out in the snow and all but the white one is carried off by a hawk, do I assume the white one had evolved to best suit its environment? I agree it was the best adapted for the environment, but that doesn\'t mean that its progeny will all be white and if eventually that are no longer any color but white then it has become another species.
Unfortunately, I have been putting off other important things just to answer the messages on this post. (Especially reading throught the 200 previous posts of which most was just mindless I am right and you are wrong because I said so. I would drop this post and join a new one that just covered the subject I mentioned earlier so that I wouldn\'t have to have people wade through the same mess to see what is current.I also hope that you can use the information that I offer here to debate others. I am not surprised about the finch debate. Evolutionists have a way of assuming that different environments mean different species. If my cat gives birth to two striped kittens, one black kitten and one white kitten do I assume they are different species? If I place all four of them out in the snow and all but the white one is carried off by a hawk, do I assume the white one had evolved to best suit its environment? I agree it was the best adapted for the environment, but that doesn\'t mean that its progeny will all be white and if eventually that are no longer any color but white then it has become another species.  Yes, and another silly notion they put forward is \'survival of the fittest\'.  When two male reindeer are butting heads, they can lock antlers. It happens that they can\'t separate and therefore they die. Thus the weakling cowardly male reindeer watching from the side-line gets to mate.  Also, if the strongest male passes his genes on, why is this beneficial? One of the weaker males might have the DNA capability to fight a disease.  Survival of the strongest was a nineteenth century execuse to justify white colonalism.
 Creation, defining things as kinds that were created once and for all, implies that all species should be clearly defined, and that there should be a clear and universal definition of "kind"/species. Since there is not, creationism, not evolutionary theory, has something to explain.   I'm not so sure that this is true. There are pretty distinct different kinds of life. There's birds, dogs, cats, humans, apes, etc among land creatures. There's fish, whales, octopii(gotta love that word), mollusks amoung sea creatures. I can easily identify a cat vs. a dog, even when cats vary between tigers and houses cats, and dogs between great danes and chiuahuas. Now, you'll say that they have come from an origional ancestor, yet in my admittedly limited knowledge of prehistoric creatures I don't remember seeing something where I said "is that a dog or a cat??". So I'm wondering what you're basing that statement on.
No mathematics is not a science, it is a tool of science.   It is used by science. It is also a science.  There's a whole field called mathematical science.  If you keep publishing howlers like that you'll lose the little credibility you have left.
Species are expected to often have imprecise boundaries because evolution is ongoing. Some species are in the process of forming while others are recently formed and still difficult to interpret.   Different definitions of species serve different purposes. Species concepts are used both as taxonomic units, for identification and classification, and as theoretical concepts, for modelling and explaining. There is a great deal of overlap between the two purposes, but a definition that serves one is not necessarily the best for the other. Furthermore, there are practical considerations that call for different species criteria as well. Species definitions applied to fossils, for example, cannot be based on genetics or behaviour because those traits don't fossilize.    It's simple. Darwin's Finch is an example of speciation as put forward by evolutionists. Species can't interbreed (according to the standard definition). Darwin's Finch has been shown to interbreed. Therefore Darwin's Finch is not an example of speciation.  How can you claim that Darwin's Finch is an example of speciation then deny that you can define species. It's trying to have the best of both worlds. Species for the sake of macro animals is defined by either actual breeding groups or potential breeding groups.  In both cases the finches break the mould as they are both potentially capable and actually do interbreed.  You're suggesting that evolution is ongoing is fine, but then when pushed, it was evolutionists who a) drew the line for species, b) declared that the said Finch was an example of speciation.  It seems very much that you too are like the others in that you're valiantly arguing that such and such happened, but then hedge your bets and say, but it's all really blurred and we're never really sure.  You either need to argue one thing or the other. This is what's so frustrating for me in arguing with evolutionaries. I can't pin them down on anything.  You can't say 'x' happened and then rearrange the criteria for judging 'x' or say that in the long run you can't define that criteria.  Put it even more simple, you tell me what your definition of 'species' is and we'll see if Darwin's Finch falls into it.  This isn't the only time evolutionaries do this smoke and mirrors trick.  Evolution is a gradual process is a proclamation oft used.  Not according to evolutionists such as Gould who had moderate change, and Richard Goldschmidt who had very rapid change. All of these people believe in evolution; speciation through natural means, i.e. without God, so to greater and lesser extents, it's all still deemed scientific.  It is an absolute disgrace that anyone would adhere to a system that only has one thing/theory in common at the end of the day, God was absent in the process.  As I said about the ascent of man, there's several different and mutually exclusive schools of thought as to how man arose. But it's all good as long as it excludes God (that is, it's a natural process). I am annoyed too that many evolutionaries will berate religious people because they say that evolution is a fact, based on evidences, but these same evidences support different theories. It's amazingly preposterous.  If you check out my earlier debates, I showed about six different schools, and even a school of thought that believes some apes descended from man!  "Survival of the fittest" is a poor way to think about evolution. Darwin himself never used the phrase. What Darwin said is that heritable variations lead to differential reproductive success. It is a prediction which can be, and has been, experimentally verified.  I'm glad that you agree that that tautology is rather hollow.  a) your web-site might say this, do any search on any search engine and you'll find zillions still using it. b) Show where it has been seen. c) " 1: Darwin used the term "natural selection" in his book "On the Origin of Species" but was persuaded that Spencer's phrase "survival of the fittest" was probably 'more convenient' " http://www.perceptions.couk.com/genes1.html#rst "Darwin did not believe that the environment was producing the variation within the finch populations. He correctly thought that the variation already existed and that nature just selected for the most suitable beak shape and against less useful ones. Darwin and his supporters ultimately described this process as the "survival of the fittest." This is very different from Lamarck's incorrect idea that the environment altered the shape of individuals and that these acquired changes were then inherited."* http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_2.htm** d) Darwin's experiments were with pigeon breeding. How is that related to 'natural selection'?   *These are sites by evolutionaries. If they are mistaken then this is problematic with the notion of arguing with evolutionaries, because as I say, it's hard to pin them down on anything... so long as it doesn't include God, it's accepted.  **Note how close this is to your own statement on creation; Creation, defining things as kinds that were created once and for all, implies that all species should be clearly defined, and that there should be a clear and universal definition of "kind"/species. Since there is not, creationism, not evolutionary theory, has something to explain.  That is, that all the variation necessary was already there in the 'kinds' of animals.    PS if you want my views, they've already been published on this forum. It might be lazy of me, but I don't want to keep on publishing the same thing everytime a newbie asks me that. (to make it easier read/search for Fr Seraphim Rose's book on Genesis.)
The fact is, friends and enemies, that evolution is disproven in all aspects of the field. There is no need to get sucked into an arguement on the big-bang theory (the theory leading up to evolution, now being doctored with all sorts of co-insiding theories: interesting stuff but not based on much besides speculation), for example, because there is no reasonable credability at all. I mean if this big-bang can come from "nothing" (now being made out to be a perception by strange and perverse men out to decieve even themselves), how come we cant re-create something simular in all of our supposed "glory"? In all of our complexity we lack in even nearly the amount of genious behind our creation. But, People who know better based on logic and understanding are constantly sucked into a "matrix" of lies and irrelevant issues which is put out to decieve the feeble, and ultamitely, to try to deny the existence of the Resurrected King of Glory, who is Jesus Christ. Jesus is God, and has left us amazing evidence of this very thing, (unlike silly speculation the supposed scientists put out for those who will "worship" man instead as if they really offer anything in this area other than more stupid questions and rediculous idealogies for the weak to chew on).   Oh, and one more thing, did anyone else notice that ISRAEL is a complete nation agian, as of 1967 ?? God said when that happened to watch closely, cause it is the LAST GENERATION!!!!   Jesus is God.  bensaved2001@hotmail.com
What? I'm pretty clueless on what you are talking about and what you are asking. Can you clarify that some?  I'll try. You said that "Creation, defining things as kinds that were created once and for all, implies that all species should be clearly defined, and that there should be a clear and universal definition of "kind"/species. Since there is not, creationism, not evolutionary theory, has something to explain."  My problem with that is that we have dogs, we have cats, but we don't have dogcats. I'm saying that there is, in fact, defined species.
The fact is, friends and enemies, that evolution is disproven in all aspects of the field. There is no need to get sucked into an arguement on the big-bang theory (the theory leading up to evolution, now being doctored with all sorts of co-insiding theories: interesting stuff but not based on much besides speculation), for example, because there is no reasonable credability at all. I mean if this big-bang can come from "nothing" (now being made out to be a perception by strange and perverse men out to decieve even themselves), how come we cant re-create something simular in all of our supposed "glory"? In all of our complexity we lack in even nearly the amount of genious behind our creation. But, People who know better based on logic and understanding are constantly sucked into a "matrix" of lies and irrelevant issues which is put out to decieve the feeble, and ultamitely, to try to deny the existence of the Resurrected King of Glory, who is Jesus Christ. Jesus is God, and has left us amazing evidence of this very thing, (unlike silly speculation the supposed scientists put out for those who will "worship" man instead as if they really offer anything in this area other than more stupid questions and rediculous idealogies for the weak to chew on).   Oh, and one more thing, did anyone else notice that ISRAEL is a complete nation agian, as of 1967 ?? God said when that happened to watch closely, cause it is the LAST GENERATION!!!!   Jesus is God.  bensaved2001@hotmail.com  Contact me if you have any serious concerns. Oh and Mr. Hank: EVOLUTION IS A PLAN DERIVED FROM A SOCIETY THAT IS BECOMING MORE AND MORE GODLESS AND POWERED BY THE SPIRIT OF THE ANTICHRIST. IT IS DIRECTLY RELATED TO SPIRITUAL ISSUES, AND IS AN EXTREMELY POTENT (AND FOOLISH) LIE, THAT OUGHT TO BE SHUT UP AND BURNED, RATHER THAN STUDIED AND CONSIDERED. The big-bang theory is so tied to the theory of evolution that without it, speculation scientists couldn't even waddle their little speculative minds into the overwhelming irrelevance of any of the theories thereafter in what they call an "intelligable" manner. If there is no possible way that there theory can even be started, then it is already discredited, unless they imagine they can invent a creator. Otherwise, you have to acknowledge that the Creator certianly would have paid attention to His creation and revealed Himself, else why would He even waste His time creating anything? Do you even so much as make cookies and give them absolutely NO attention? And we are certianly an amazing creation. Most people that believe in evolution are NOT necessarily theists, and certianly not serious Christians. The theory is often used as if it was a direct anti- dote to the Truth contained in the Scriptures, and an attempt to mock what is written in Genesis. If, in fact, that is looked at as if it didn't happen, people will begin to assume only what they want to hear is absolute; which will lead to them burning forever in hell with the devil and his demon friends.   Thank you  bensaved2001@hotmail.com
[QUOTE=Demon38]Priscilla2, No mathematics is not a scienceThere is no law of gravitation, the nature of gravity is still highly theoretical. QUOTE]  You are so very stubborn, so look under the Law of Gravity (do not confuse with the Theory of Gravitation - I think you can still find it in Encarta though), Thermodynamics, and Inertia, and Mathematics in Encarta. You will see I am correct. I also give you the following laws and the college textbooks from which they came: An Introduction to Genetic Analysis: Law of equal segregation Law of independent assortment Chemical Principals: Avogardo&#8217;s law Boyle&#8217;s law The law of the conservation of mass Coulomb&#8217;s law The law of definite proportions The ideal gas law Graham&#8217;s diffusion law Henry&#8217;s law Hess&#8217;s Law The law of Mass action The Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution law Raoult&#8217;s law The law of multiple proportions Dalton&#8217;s law (You will also find the laws of thermodynamics here) I do not have the time to list every scientific law for you. Until you decide to find out what you are talking about, I will expect you to open you mouth and proclaim you ignorance no further on this subject. Especially since anyone who wants to can also check my sources.
 This theory would be too much of a stretch for me. So far I have only been talking about common sense ideas. I will provide evidence for anything that is required. Sorry Hank, I forgot to mention something you will probably find important. I believe that a sort of Pangea existed before the flood. I also believe that a meteor (or several meteors) struck the earth and this is what created the flood and the continents to break apart. Okay, now I will try to answer you in order: Research facilities do use bigger animals. Take for example those that use gorillas. These creatures need a huge amount of space to live in yet in a very spacious research facility one can be found existing in a 9&#8217; x 9&#8217; space. You are correct that if an unclean animal died it would illuminate its kind, but we would have to assume they all survived (by Devine Providence) which is unscientific. The only science I can offer you is that (monkey) research facilities are not in the habit of losing any of their animals since they are expensive to obtain. Wolves and foxes were not the same kind. Dogs however, were created by human domestication of one of these animals. Evolutionarily, cattle, oxen, sheep, and goats all came from the same descendant. However, I would allow for sheep and goats to be considered two kinds, but cattle and oxen are so close to each other (and since cow worship was very popular after the flood) I feel that they might have been very successful in breeding these. Now dinosaurs: once again, I believe they had access to humans (because of the single continent). In the geological column, we see various periods of mass extinctions. Evolutionists have come up with many explanations but none of them is sufficient in describing why only most and not all of the animals died. My theory is humans caused each mass extinction purposely or inadvertently. This would explain why not all the animals died.  I have no doubt that the land bridge existed from Asia to North America. Because of this, I believe the animals were driven to South America (by God). I also believe that at least some of the Sunda shelf was above water and this is why the trip to Australia would not have been so difficult. I believe that after the flood in order to speed the drying process God put most of the water into the ice caps and these began melting which was the natural disaster (which wouldn&#8217;t have been recorded) that raised the sea level and cut off the Australian land bridge (at least).  Just out of curiosity, how do you feel about the evolutionists&#8217; theories on island inhabitation? I haven&#8217;t fallen back on those out of mere stubbornness, but if you really want scientific&#8230; (The &#8220;I said so&#8221; jibe was not targeted at you &#8211; it was targeted at the other person who keeps proclaiming to know science but usually responds with things that are wrong according to any science book.Questions are always logical, but proclaiming fiction as fact is not.) I hope I have given a little more logic to it all, but I welcome your questions. In my opinion, true proof is impossible to obtain until we get to heaven and ask God. But my beliefs are based on what I have observed and what I know of science. I am also not a scientist, but until a person has obtained his or her phD, I would never give them that title. I have know too many people with a Masters who had pursued the career simply because they became stuck in it and didn't care for it at all. You have to have a love to be a scientist.
I thought your comments were interesting and I really enjoyed researching this reply. One of the things I like about debating is that prods me into learning.  You're the first evolutionist to say something nice to me.  Speciation is the process of biological species formation.  I agree that that's what the textbooks say. It's a fait accompli, in that we have different species through 'speciation'. It's a backwards way of looking at things; such as the notion 'evolution is true - how else did we get here'. It is in fact another tautology; species separated through the process of separation.  As such, Darwin?s finches are an excellent example of that process. What would be a logical progression of living organisms diverging into different species. 1. Physical separation of groups of individuals that prevented interbreeding. 1. Different environments that produce divergent physical characteristics over time. 1. The changes result in some preference to mates based on those divergent physical characteristics. 1. Further changes that result in so much preference that groups will not interbreed without definite restraints. For example a solitary pair than cannot find a partner of their group so they interbreed. 1. Further changes that result in infertile offspring if restricted to mates. 1. Further changes that result in aborted offspring if restricted to mates. 1. Further changes that result in no interbreeding of any kind. In Darwin?s finches you can see ever phase of speciation except for stage 3 listed above. That is why it is such an excellent example of that process.  Again, the theory is great. Yet the finch has moved to different areas, but as they have been shown to interbreed then they are no more different species than dogs are different species.  I do strongly recommend you look at the previous posts (thread: "How does a new species come about?"). The Finches are not separated, in that they share the same islands. They are not 'prevented' from interbreeding, because as I said, they do interbreed.  There are several islands which have more than one 'species' on it (despite popular theory).  (post 17 I wrote: The classic example given in textbooks is Darwin's Finch, which is said to have speciated into 13 distinct groups. "They are also a classic model of speciation: again, they figure in virtually all of the textbooks, very often as the central illustration. That is why these birds have become such a universal symbol of Darwinism process, so that their beaks now represent evolution the way Newton's apple represents gravity."  http://www.crossroad.to/articles2/2002/darwin.htm  Further..."Biologists now have applied modern methods of DNA analysis to Darwin's finches. Not surprisingly ? for Darwin was almost always right, though he knew of neither genes nor DNA ? they have found that the finches are all descended from a single ancestral species."  http://www.bibledecoded.com/understanding221.html  This seems pretty convincing stuff. David Lack who studied them in 1937 had said "in no other birds are the difference between species so ill-defined." So, perhaps it's because they are the same species! The so-called proof of them being separate species derives from Lack's study when he tried to mate a single pair (from different 'species') and could not. Other people have continued with that mistake.  " The respected ornithologist John Gould was especially thrilled with "a series of ground finches, so peculiar in form that he was induced to regard them as constituting an entirely new group containing 14 species, and appearing to be strictly confined to the Galapagos Islands."  http://www.crossroad.to/articles2/2002/darwin.htm  But, not all is so clear... Let's look at the most widely known book at present - Jonathan Weiner's "The Beak of the Finch : A Story of Evolution in Our Time" (for which he won the Pulitzer Prize). (he's an evolutionist) "Back in 1983, for instance... a male cactus finch on Daphne Major (a Galapagos Island), a scandens, courted a female fortis. This was a pair of truly star crossed lovers. They were not just from opposite sides of the tracks, like the Prince and the Showgirl, or from two warring families, like Romeo and Juliet: they belonged to two different species. Yet during the chaos of the great flood, they mated and produced four chicks in one brood."  How then, are they different species? This is a case of a scientist who can't see the woods for the trees, it's starring him in the face... they aren't different species at all... but he's a trained mind, who's had it drilled into him... Evolution is true, Darwin's Finches are proof of Evolution!  Further studies by Grant or Graham (I can't recall the name) showed that they 'cross-pairings' are often the most successful! Thus the classic example of specification actually is not proof or evidence of specification at all! (all quotes taken from Milton, R "Shattering the Myths of Darwinism", p143ff, unless otherwise sourced)"  The definition of a species is somewhat difficult to define. Not because scientist are trying to be deceitful, but because of the nature of the concept. It?s not unusual for something to be hard to define.  As I say, Darwin's Finch is said to be 12 or 8 or 1 species (the later according to me based on the fact that they can interbreed). The first two figures are given by scientists studying them. And, you seem to be having it both ways, because scientists do say that the finch in question IS an example of speciatation. It either is; and then the evidence should back it up, or if they're unsure, then they can't make such a claim.  The concept of the trinity is also hard to define but many people believe it. The reason it is difficult to define a species as groups that don?t interbreed is because living organisms that are separating into different species don?t just wake up one morning or one generation and say, ?hey we?re not going to interbreed with that group anymore?. It is a gradual process but at some point, they do change into different species. I think everyone agrees that if a group cannot interbreed, they are definitely different species.  The concept of the Trinity doesn't constantly change. It won't change if we discover new saints.  Then the Chihuaha and the Great Dane are a different species of dog. They are physically incapable of breeding (naturally). You've discovered a new species of dog!  On the other hand I believe that there are cases when animals and plants can interbreed that I think everyone agrees they are different species. Like lions and tigers or horses and donkeys. I would think that even you would agree these are different species.  As far as my definition of a species, I?m not a scientist in that field as I said so I couldn?t give an intelligent definition. All the ones I found were very similar so I?ll just post one of them here. A species is a small gene pool protected from too much variability by a reproductive barrier. In other words, the species is a population adapted to a certain niche, and if the members of different species could interbreed with each other, too much genetic variability would occur, reducing the success of the adaptation.  Okay now could you give me a definition of a ?kind?.  Why do I need to define 'kind'? I know this is unfair, but I'm debating evolution. Yes, it's unfair of me.  Evolution is a gradual process is a proclamation oft used. Not according to evolutionists such as Gould who had moderate change, and Richard Goldschmidt who had very rapid change. All of these people believe in evolution; speciation through natural means, i.e. without God, so to greater and lesser extents, it's all still deemed scientific.  Gradual relative to the life of a man. However the term gradual does not mean or imply that the change is constant over time. There are times when the environment dictates that changes must occur more rapidly than at other times. If the environment is not changing, there is little incentive to modify a successful organism.  Everything that I could find on Goldschmidt showed that he did not believe in macroevolution and all his theories were before the science of molecular genetics existed. If you are saying that there are a few crackpots even in the science fields, I will agree with you. But most scientist agree on the basics.  What basics? The definition of species?  As I said, there are two basic definitions of species. Animals that have separated to form populations that can not naturally interbreed, or animals that will not naturally interbreed.  If the first, then my dog analogy works to discredit it, because the can't naturally interbreed.  If the later, that is, based on actual breeding populations; where an animal could but doesn't then you've discovered another new species; in man. I know of many white guys who won't 'soil' themselves by having sex with blacks. Even though they can interbreed, they won't, because of 'sexual preference'. Therefore they are new species of humans.   It is an absolute disgrace that anyone would adhere to a system that only has one thing/theory in common at the end of the day, God was absent in the process. As I said about the ascent of man, there's several different and mutually exclusive schools of thought as to how man arose. But it's all good as long as it excludes God (that is, it's a natural process). I am annoyed too that many evolutionaries will berate religious people because they say that evolution is a fact, based on evidences, but these same evidences support different theories. It's amazingly preposterous.  Evolution has nothing to do with whether there is a God or not. You probably read my previous post showing that most people who believe in evolutionist in America also believe in a God.  That's just wishful thinking. Evoultion is all about natural processes. Find me a respected evolutionist who believes that God was present at every step. Evolution is a 'science'. Science is about measurable things. If you can measure God's activity in nature, then I want to hear from you!  All the big-name evolutionaries would lampoon Christians; escpeically Dawkins.  Most people believe that capital punishment is okay. But, I don't use polls as reliable evidence.   If you check out my earlier debates, I showed about six different schools, and even a school of thought that believes some apes descended from man!   I?m sorry but as I?ve stated I?m pressed for time and don?t have to search. If you will point me to some post I will take a look. Again if you want to say there are some crackpots out there I will agree with you. However the scientific community does not accept them in general. I could point out some crackpot Christian theorist.  No, these aren't crackpots, I quoted them from my textbook; Poirier, F E "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology" which I had at university many many years ago when I did Prehistory. The schools are "Unilinear School  Polyphyletic School,  Preneanderthal School Presapiens School" posted in the "Looking for intelligence" debate post#26.  Each school is 'valid' in that there is enough evidence for all of them and they are presented in this textbook as possibles. Some are close, such as the Preneanderthal and Presapiens Schools, but these are totally different from the Polyphyletic and Unilinear schools, which themselves are unlike each other. They are not crack-pots. They are respected. Which school do you believe in?  And besides, what makes a crack-pot scientist? Even the crack-pots have theories and they're still using science!  I'm glad that you agree that that tautology is rather hollow. a) your web-site might say this, do any search on any search engine and you'll find zillions still using it. b) Show where it has been seen. c) " 1: Darwin used the term "natural selection" in his book "On the Origin of Species" but was persuaded that Spencer's phrase "survival of the fittest" was probably 'more convenient' " http://www.perceptions.couk.com/genes1.html#rst "Darwin did not believe that the environment was producing the variation within the finch populations. He correctly thought that the variation already existed and that nature just selected for the most suitable beak shape and against less useful ones. Darwin and his supporters ultimately described this process as the "survival of the fittest." This is very different from Lamarck's incorrect idea that the environment altered the shape of individuals and that these acquired changes were then inherited."* http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_2.htm** d) Darwin's experiments were with pigeon breeding. How is that related to 'natural selection'?  I?m not sure what your point is. You seem to be upset that the term ?natural selection? is used when discussing evolution.  No, just that you said that Darwin never used it. I put to you two examples of where he did. Then, I actually thought that this was a deflection from the issue that 'Survival of the Fittest" is a nonsense, because it is a tautology. I think I gave examples of where it doesn't makes sense; viz, moose locking antlers etc.  Further, that the proof is Darwin's non-natural selection.  Natural selection can't explain anything. As I said, the 'strongest' animal doesn't necessarily have the genes that will ensure future survival. Strength as a bonus was seen as a plus only by Victorians who wanted to go out and colonise the world. Bigger is not always best, hence there aren't many T-Rexs about.   PS if you want my views, they've already been published on this forum. It might be lazy of me, but I don't want to keep on publishing the same thing everytime a newbie asks me that. (to make it easier read/search for Fr Seraphim Rose's book on Genesis.)   I?m not asking you to debate me if it?s too much trouble. I know how time consuming this can be. But again, I don?t have the time to research this. If you will point me to the post I will read them.  I'm not trying to be rude. It's just I'm a bit wary in investing time when I was the subject of much before. I had TheoMorphic, Ursus Minor, SLP, WJA, Lurch, Iamthetruth, Gilligan, AMD4EVER etc all debating moi. The level of honesty displayed amongst them was microscopic.  (They all left this debate though because Lurch made a stupid statement, and rather than accept it, he kept pressing it, and quite dishonestly, his cohorts kept deflecting attention rather than deal with the issue. It got rather petty as they objected to me coining the word 'evolutionaries' as a collective noun for them.)  But in short I will not post these things again, unless you raise some issue to which they are pertinent. And yes I'm reluctant to repost 'kind'. One evolutionary debate per thread at a time for me.
The concept of the Trinity doesn't constantly change.  Perhaps I can clear up the Trinity for you Hank (or further confuse you). We have water, ice and steam. All are of the same substance, but all have different properties. Each has a spciefic purpose in nature, but each is the same. When God wanted to talk to humans and he talked to them in His form (as God the Father), humans didn't like it. So God came down as Jesus (the son) in human form instead of in pure God form and although they were one and the same, Jesus and the Father were different in that they served different purposes. Then God wanted to provide a part of Himself that would live in his people. As both Jesus and God this was not possible, so He made Himself into another form that could live within humans (the Holy Spirit).
If I may say so, I'm glad to see such cordiality in this forum. I agree with montalban's saying that there are 12 species of finch rather than 1 or 2 because they are Darwin's finches. Maybe this is on purpose, more likely it is not. I want to point out that the speciation of the finches doesn't prove macro evolution, in the same way that the current difference between Chiuahuas and Great Danes don't prove it. As far as I know, the differences are due not to changes in information, but the elimination of information. That's how micro evolution works. (example - the peppered moth's went from mostly light color to dark because the light color genes were being eliminated)   One particular group of finches grows bigger beaks because the genes for smaller beaks are being lost. (the genes that repress the growth of the beak) They aren't growing new beaks. So, as far as I know, its really a non issue in regards to proving or finding evidence for macro evolution.
If you read the article in Encarta, you'll see that Newtons "Law" is flawed, .  You caught me before I could change part of my response. I could not figure out what this "Theory of gravitation" was that everyone was talking about. So I looked into it further (I never read Encarta, I was just trying to give you an easy access to the laws of science and I checked to see if it was there). You are correct, the "theory of gravitation" by Newton is just that: a theory that is currently being debated. However, the laws of gravity are unchanged irrefutable facts and if you would have given me 7 hours after that original post, you would have never seen it (it has been changed now). How is it that you do not see the laws of thermodynamics as applying to all areas of life. Most of the laws listed apply to the basic ways that life proceeds. Well, at least you are grudgingy conceding that laws exist. I find it funny that even though I have never implied the "Its just a theory" belief (which I wouldn't) that you still fight to the end in upholding the untouchableness of them. Theories change just as almost everything in science does. One minute Galeleo's contemporary scientists are running to the church and telling them to persecute him as a heretic and then the next millenia they are blaming the church for being blind.
 In any case whether we call it a Theory, a law, or a piggeldy-widgitonimator makes utterly no difference to whether it is true or not. A rose by any other name and all that.  Based on what my science professors have explained to me this is not true. However, this is not the thread I wanted to debate. My original statements were made to prove that science changes its theories over time (they are not constant). After making that statement someone decided to state that a theory was the highest you could achieve and that science had no laws. All the information I have found is trying to prove two points: Science has laws (which don't change- let me know if you have seen a scientist stating the laws of thermodynamics are false or possible false in some instances), and theories do change over time. I don't want to continue debating this unless someone can bring me a quote from a college level (science text) book stating specifically that science does not have laws or that theories never change over time.  I have just contacted my college evolution professor, in hopefully what is the final word on this, he said, that yes science has laws, and they are still open to being disproven, but they have not changed over a long period of time. Theories on the other hand do change and have changed recently. He also stated that the burst theory of evolution is currently being debated by evolutionists. As a final note, he couldn't see what point we were trying to make arguing about such silly things as wording (my words not his), with which I completely agreed. In other words, there are scientists today who go back and forth with such things as whether a law or theory is more important, but if they can't come to an agreement, how could we?
Species is the Latin word for &#8220;kind&#8221; or &#8220;appearance&#8221;. The Hebrew word translated as kind means genus or species. There are currently four different concepts scientists use for species. Scientifically, all of them are correct at this point in time. The morphological concept of species: uses anatomical differences to describe what a species is. Taxonomists use this and by this definition, the finches are separate species. The biological concept of species: uses reproductive isolation to describe what a species is. In other words, one species cannot reproduce with another. It does not work for asexual, extinct, or geographically isolated animals because we cannot observe this quality. The recognition concept of species: a species only recognizes certain mating characteristics and will not attempt to mate with others who do not display the same characteristics. I do not like this theory simply because baboons and small chimpanzees have been observed attempting to mate so they would be placed in the same species by this definition. The cohesion theory: in this theory, similarities in genes are what determine species. Since I tend to like more analytical methods this is my favorite, however the amount of work it would take to create entire genomes of every living creature on the planet may be quite overwhelming. It seems like there is also some confusion as to what exactly evolution is. If I may start from a quote, &#8220;The environment did not create beaks specialized for larger or smaller seeds&#8230;&#8221; Biology, 4th Ed., Campbell Environment has no effect on the mutations that are beneficial. Mutations occur everyday regardless of environment. After the mutations occur, Darwin (and evolution) says that the environment will determine which ones will have a better chance of surviving and therefore will continue their line. It does not matter what terms Darwin used (he only used &#8220;evolution&#8221; once in Origin), we (should) understand that &#8220;survival of the fittest&#8221; refers to the survival of those who are best adapted to their environment and this is pure evolution. It is for this reason that there is an ongoing debate as to whether humans have stopped evolving (not just the fit of us survive).
You and my husband win. I checked the Hebrew. It means every living thing at that time, undoubtable. (Specifically, it means every living creature as opposed to God) If dinosaurs were alive, they were there. (biblically).
I could spend a lot of time and energy researching the subject only to in the end have you simply say &#8220;God did it with a miracle&#8221;.  And the reason I&#8217;m saying that is that I may comment at times on something you might say but if I don&#8217;t reply to something you posted about something I posted, you&#8217;ll understand why.  I hope you realize that I wouldn't use that as a debate in this forum. That is why I specified that observation was unscientific. That is also why I said that research facilities don't have a high death rate (and the nature of their experiments on animals is more risky) to show it is possible to keep animals alive under lees than ideal conditions. However, I had to go back and read the verse again to make sure I had it right. There were seven pairs of clean animals and two pairs of unclean animals, so two animals of the same kind would have had to die. In order to provide the chance for maximum reproduction, I would assume they would have been young. I also assume that Noah had spent a good part of the 100 years collecting the animals and breeding them in a sort of zoo and he would have choosen only those he knew were young and healthy (That is what I would have done to assure their survival). I hope you finished reading the post, and I hope you continue to point out where I have made unscientific statements so I can either clarify or concede. Just understand that while I believe God did it because it says so, I would never use that as an argument, because it is illogical. Unfortunatley, I cannot say that others on this board will offer the same statement based on the other posts I have seen. However, you must understand that just as I see evolutionists origin theories as specualtion, I also see theories beyond what the Bible says as speculation. Since I do not have the funds to prove my Noah's Ark Theories (nor do I believe I will ever have them), and since I do believe in God, I assume the only way we could ever truly find out is by asking Him. So when you see that at the end of my statements, if you prefer you can read: We wouldn't know more certainly until further experimentation is available. Don't confuse my giving God the glory as my using Him as proof of Himself. If you can refute my observations scientifically, I welcome it. (As you did in your previous post on Noah's Ark). But don't just remain silent because you are afraid I will just use "God did it" as an answer.
I would get ten different answers to the question "Can you explain the trinity to me?" I never assumed you were raised outside of the church, I disagree with you though - The definition of the Trinity is three in one. The hard part isn't the defintion, but understanding how it works and that is why so many people have so many different ways of explaining it. The question you should ask is what is the Trinity?  With speciation, the concept is different. We have different ways of looking at it because no one has figured out a way to explain it so all the different scientists involved are satisfied. With the Trinity, we have discovered ways of explaining it so people can grasp it: the clover, the triangle, water, ice and steam, but the actual definition of what it is does not change.
Maths is not a science, it is based on definition and deduction, not on experiment and observation. This is why some universities give BA's in Mathematics, and some offer choice of either a BA or BSc.  So? I can do law subjects as part of an Arts degree. An Arts degree is a generalist field of studies. I can do science courses...  "You must choose one area from:  Aboriginal studies, ancient history, Arab World Islam and the Middle East, Arabic language (literature and culture), archaeology (classical, Near Eastern, prehistoric and historical), art history and theory, Asian studies, Australian literature, Australian studies, Biblical studies*, Chinese studies, classical civilisation, English, European studies, Film Studies,French studies, gender studies, Germanic studies, Greek (classical), Greek and Roman literature, Hebrew (classical and modern), Heritage Studies. Hindi and Urdu, history, Indonesian and Malay studies, Italian studies, Japanese, Jewish civilisation thought and culture, Korean, Latin, linguistics, medieval studies, modern Greek, music, performance studies, philosophy, Russian, Sanskrit, semiotics, social anthropology, social policy, sociology, Spanish, studies in religion, Thai. Provided a major is completed in at least one of the subject areas listed above you msy also major in: Biological sciences, chemistry, computer science, economic history, economics, education, geology and geophysics, geosciences, government and public administration, history and philosophy of science, information systems, mathematics, Parly, physics, political economy, psychology, statistics, Vietnamese*, work and organizational studies, Yiddish* http://heifer.ucc.usyd.edu.au/ugcourses/FMPro?-db=psu%5fugcourses.fp5&-format=search%5fdetails.html&-lay=main&-sortfield=uai2003&-sortorder=descend&ShowOnWeb=Yes&cWebKeywords=arts&xFacultyID=%3e0&-recid=33527&-find=  Now that we've cleared that up...  Unless we use your definition, which means, physics is now no longer a science   Priscilla,  The use of 'law' in science has no proper definition, nor do things categorised as laws have a higher truth value (Newton's laws of motion vs. Einstein's Theory of Relativity, for example). The use of the term 'law' is mostly found in earlier scientific studies, most working Scientists would consider using the term arrogant.  In any case whether we call it a Theory, a law, or a piggeldy-widgitonimator makes utterly no difference to whether it is true or not. A rose by any other name and all that.  So the term 'true' must also be undefined?
Sorry but I?m not going to debate that way. I?m not accusing you of this, but I know it is a tactic of creationist to only debate evolution because it is a complicated subject and the issues can easily be clouded. The reason I have some sympathy for scientist trying to debate evolution with creationist is because I?m in the same situation, except the subject does not raise emotional issues. I?ll give you a personal example. As a structural engineer, there are many times when my customers, contractors, interested parties, etc. will ask a question like ?How much load will this structure take?. It seems like a simple question that a structural engineer should be able to answer, but I can?t. What I can do is tell you what load the structure will safely take which is what I am responsible for. The reasons any engineer or I can?t tell you exactly when a structure will fail are complicated and varied. For instance, steel has a minimum strength. Statistically, any individual steel will have about a 99% chance of being stronger than the minimum specified. It may even be a whole lot stronger. And that is just one of the reasons. Now I?m saying all of this to explain that science is complicated and there are often not simplistic answers that the lay public can easily grasp. And I know that is used by dishonest creationist to make their point. Again I?m not accusing you of that, but I believe there are those that honestly believe they are helping the cause of religion by defending creationism in any manner they can, even deception. In other words, they believe that the end justifies the means. Are their dishonest scientists? Of course there are. They are human just like everybody else. But scientific proposals and theories must be reviewed by their peers. And as an engineer who is similar to a scientist in lots of ways, I do not believe there is this vast conspiracy to deceive the public, just as I know there is no conspiracy in my field to deceive.   Okay I?ve said my sermon. LOL You have presented question that I believe you think are valid question and have in no way been rude. I have tried to respond in kind. I perfectly understand the time issue and your resentment of others that argue against you being dishonest, and as you can imagine, I am often up against the same problem as I have done this a few times myself. I am pretty secure in my beliefs and think I can justify them with the evidence. I try to be completely honest with myself and others and have no problem admitting if I make a mistake. The subject is complicated and no one can know everything about it. Especially a lay person, as you have already seen that I rely on the experts for much of my material. But I do this for fun and to learn and I?m not interested in a one way debate where I don?t get to ask any questions. And I don?t think I am being unreasonable to ask you to define a similar concept after you have made a considerable issue of evolutionist not being able to tie down the exact definition of a species. As you yourself stated, it is unfair of you.  Okay all that being said, I have enjoyed our short debate and hope we part friends. I look forward to debating you on other issues if we have the chance. And if you change your mind about this just let me know and we can continue.  You don't want to talk about the Finch, fine.
Based on what my science professors have explained to me this is not true. However, this is not the thread I wanted to debate. My original statements were made to prove that science changes its theories over time (they are not constant). After making that statement someone decided to state that a theory was the highest you could achieve and that science had no laws. All the information I have found is trying to prove two points: Science has laws (which don't change- let me know if you have seen a scientist stating the laws of thermodynamics are false or possible false in some instances), and theories do change over time. I don't want to continue debating this unless someone can bring me a quote from a college level (science text) book stating specifically that science does not have laws or that theories never change over time.  I have just contacted my college evolution professor, in hopefully what is the final word on this, he said, that yes science has laws, and they are still open to being disproven, but they have not changed over a long period of time. Theories on the other hand do change and have changed recently. He also stated that the burst theory of evolution is currently being debated by evolutionists. As a final note, he couldn't see what point we were trying to make arguing about such silly things as wording (my words not his), with which I completely agreed. In other words, there are scientists today who go back and forth with such things as whether a law or theory is more important, but if they can't come to an agreement, how could we?  Further to this, science uses words such as 'facts' and 'truths'.   Look at talkorigins.org's FAQs: "Q: I thought evolution was just a theory. Why do you call it a fact?  A: Biological evolution is a change in the genetic characteristics of a population over time. That this happens is a fact. Biological evolution also refers to the common descent of living organisms from shared ancestors. The evidence for historical evolution -- genetic, fossil, anatomical, etc. -- is so overwhelming that it is also considered a fact. The theory of evolution describes the mechanisms that cause evolution. So evolution is both a fact and a theory. See the Evolution is a Fact and a Theory FAQ, the Introduction to Evolutionary Biology FAQ and the Five Major Misconceptions about Evolution FAQ: Evolution is Only a theory" http://www.talkorigins.org/origins/faqs-qa.html  Thus it is more than just 'a theory'. It is a truth; dare I say 'a law'?  But again this is part of the endemic problem of debating evolutionaries, they'll fight to the death to keep evolution, but can't actually tell you what it is; a truth? a theory? What?  It's proven 'true' by 'evidences' but these same evidences can point to different pathways such as I showed with the several different schools of thought re: the ascent of man; even though these schools are using the same evidences; and coming to the same conclusion in so far as man evolved, they are in themselves mutually contradicting. Yet, bizarrely, it's all 'true'.  Another poster wanted me to define 'kind' or to define 'trinity' this at best is suggesting that he's hoping that none of us can pin these things down; but I bet they don't teach evolution in schools as being equal to the Bible (even though his now suggesting that they're all equally befuddled).
Robbie I am still researching this and having a very interesting time doing it. It seems there is a lot to know and a lot of research out there. But I will point out now that I?m pretty sure that two of the species do not interbreed and four of the species breed but do not produce fertile offspring. Non-fertile offspring is an evolutionary dead-end and once that bridge is crossed, you can not go back. Therefore the future of the two species would be forever separated.  The definition of macro and micro evolution that evolutionist use is micro-evolution is within species and macro-evolution is above the level of species. You may not agree with that definition but I?m just passing on that that?s what they use as a definition.   As I said, the study "The Beak of the Finch" says that two cross-bred. The author described them as "star-crossed lovers" from "different sides of the tracks" but their offspring were some of the most successful finches he saw! See the thread "How does a new species come about?"  I wrote there, at post 17 "Let's look at the most widely known book at present - Jonathan Weiner's "The Beak of the Finch : A Story of Evolution in Our Time" (for which he won the Pulitzer Prize). (he's an evolutionist) "Back in 1983, for instance... a male cactus finch on Daphne Major (a Galapagos Island), a scandens, courted a female fortis. This was a pair of truly star crossed lovers. They were not just from opposite sides of the tracks, like the Prince and the Showgirl, or from two warring families, like Romeo and Juliet: they belonged to two different species. Yet during the chaos of the great flood, they mated and produced four chicks in one brood."  It might be good to suggest that they were all infertile mutants, but the studies made by evolutionaries suggests otherwise.  These two species don't seem to fit the rule of 'species'. Science has shown that they don't fit the bill. However none of the evolutionaries I've debated is willing to admit that schoolkids shoudn't be taught this as an example. How can it be an example of one thing (speciation) if it doesn't show it?
I never assumed you were raised outside of the church, I disagree with you though - The definition of the Trinity is three in one. The hard part isn't the definition, but understanding how it works and that is why so many people have so many different ways of explaining it. The question you should ask is what is the Trinity?   I am an Orthodox Christian which in history and mode of worship is far removed from Baptists; yet I agree with your definition of three-in-one persons too.  With speciation, the concept is different. We have different ways of looking at it because no one has figured out a way to explain it so all the different scientists involved are satisfied. With the Trinity, we have discovered ways of explaining it so people can grasp it: the clover, the triangle, water, ice and steam, but the actual definition of what it is does not change.  And what he's failed to grasp here is that science has made the statement "Darwin's Finch is an example of speciation" it's made it the textbook case. It's not a vague notion that they're putting forward, so an analogy that there's a vague notion in Christianity is poor, because it's no where near what science is claiming of this thing.  Science says Darwin's Finch is proof of speciation in action.  Science also examines the finches and shows some of the different species which science itself has categorised, to be acting in a manner not according with sciences statements.  The analogy with the Trinity would only work if we said the Trinity is three-in-one persons, and then we add Mary to it and then also have the hide to still refer to it as a Trinity.  And the funny thing is, taking Darwin's Finch out of the books won't disprove evolution. They'd be able to live without it. There might be some embarrassment at being wrong; but science has been before.  The fact that people are still trying to argue that white is black, but still white is, I believe, at the very heart of the problem with many atheistic scientists; they bring their own personal baggage into the debate.*  The Finch just doesn't fit the bill (or beak).:)  *Herein is another thing, everyone brings their own personal histories into these things, we all have a priori beliefs. Only many scientists and their supporters seem to think that they've risen above such human norms. There is a dogged belief in their own convictions that is so close to dogma it's scary, and even here they don't believe their being dogmatic!
How so? Physics is based on observation and experiment. Look I studied Mathematics at degree level for four years, I have a Masters degree in Mathematics. I'm telling you; it ain't a science.   The proposition that Maths is not a science was twofold, one was that it was not because it was simply a tool (and Maths can be studied by Arts students)  This is patently silly. Otherwise English is ipso facto not an Arts subject but a tool, because even scientists use it as a tool!  Secondly, your notion that it just must be observed is silly.  SETI is a scientific search for ET. They have yet to observe him, but they're still looking. There's a whole field of speculative biology 'exobiology'.  Go to http://www.science.uts.edu.au/maths/index.html which shows courses in "The Department of Mathematical Sciences is one of six Departments in the Faculty of Science"  I do not dispute that maths is a tool used by science, anymore than English is a tool used by science too.  When you studied this 'masters degree' did you do it as part of an Arts stream of studies?  Huh? How on earth do you get that?  Because you're claiming there aren't any true definitions such as laws etc.   But you say In any case whether we call it a Theory, a law, or a piggeldy-widgitonimator makes utterly no difference to whether it is true or not. A rose by any other name and all that.  So what about true definitions for things such as 'truth'? You seem to say that there's nothing now, but truths and untruths.
Hi Robbie  I was able to find out that two of the finch species did not interbreed and four of the species produce infertile offspring. That makes them different species. That also makes it macro evolution if the definition of macro evolution is change above the species level.  I read where a Great Dane was artificially inseminated with Chihuahua sperm and the offspring were aborted. If so, that makes them a different species since they can't reproduce.  The Chihuahua can breed with other types of dogs which in turn can breed with the Great Dane.  The difference between the Chihuahua and Great Dane aren't so great, because it's more of a physical size thing than anything else.  Also, what's man's manipulation of dog types got to do with evolution?  How is it 'natural selection' done with 'no purpose'?
Lurch obviously thinks that by saying it twice, it has more meaning.   English is a tool too, but it is also a subject. They can be both. You are a tool.  Hey, Mr Jack. Welcome to the board. I see that you have met our resident small mind. So now Monty thinks that the definition of what is a science depends on the degree granted by some university with which he is familiar. And since most math majors earn B.S. degrees, that must mean that math is a science. But as you have pointed out, math is neither experimental nor empiracle (sic). It is logical and "proof" is actually a meaningful word in mathematics. Math is, as you have said, a tool of science but it isn't science.  Lurch, you're one to talk, you've still not admitted you're massive mistake earlier when you didn't know the differences between nouns and adjectives. Welcome back Lurch. You also on another string made a pronouncement about the lack of Christian influence in modern American law-making; I've yet to see your response to me raising the issue of Torts Law as derived from the notion of 'love thy neighbour'. Now you leap forward from your darkened hole of ignorance.  If I am slow, at least I'm not dishonest. And, I also understand what I am writing. You don't. viz...  A case in point is his continuing discussion of Darwin's finches. You have probably noticed that he claims that "Darwin's finches" are able to interbreed and are therefore not good examples of speciation. But in fact, the claim that "Darwin's finches" are able to interbreed is deceptive. There are 13 or 14 distinguishable types of finches that have been called species by taxonomists. Monty claims that because some have been observed to interbreed, it is somehow a failure of evolutionary theory. He seems to be unable to grasp the idea that speciation is a gradual process that happens over thousands or hundreds of thousands of years. If a population is somehow separated into two sub-populations that are reproductively isolated, the process of divergence will begin. If unusual events rejoin these populations after insufficient time, they may be able to interbreed.  How many? 13 or 14? Earlier in another post you said possibly 8. Well done! You've proven the point. How can science make a declaration 'x' has happened when it can't even define it? Thank you for again showing your inability to understand the meaning of what you write.  These two species don't seem to fit the rule of 'species'. Science has shown that they don't fit the bill.  Well, 'species' isn't a rule. It is a definition. A species is a population of interbreeding organisms. Except in one rare case, common cactus finches don't breed with medium ground finches. But is isn't a problem for evolutionary theory.  Of course it's not a problem. Science says 'x' should happen, and when it doesn't they say...  In fact, it is expected. They are quite similar in appearance and DNA analysis has shown that they are genetically very close as well. Such incidents are to be expected of closely related species.  Closely related species. This is another shift of the goal posts. When they teach speciation to kids they don't say that. They say that the Finches are a good example of speciation because they are clearly defined species. Now you're blurring it.  However none of the evolutionaries I've debated is willing to admit that schoolkids shouldn't be taught this as an example.  How can Monty insist on his ignorance? Darwin's finches are a beautiful example of speciation through natural selection. Closely related populations are still able to interbreed under unusual conditions, while more distantly related populations cannot interbreed.  First they are a prime example of distinct species, then they're not because they're so close that they can interbreed.  Yet another example of Monty's intentional ignorance. It seems that Monty thinks that nature should somehow conform to "sciences [sic] statements." However, nature is what it is and our opinions can't change that. Science, i.e., naturalism, is only an attempt to describe nature. And that is what the definition of a species is. It isn't a rule.  What a joke. It is supposed to be science observing nature, then making up statements about nature. Now you're actually suggesting that science isn't doing that at all. That they're just making pronouncements and that nature doesn't seem to be fitting the idea. Before you said that they were a beautiful example of the idea of speciation. Now you're tacitly admitting the opposite, that they don't conform to science's description. Which is it?  Tell me with regard to science and maths... have you ever heard of theoretical physics? You, the most dishonest of posters tries desperately to re-work definitions. You ignored speculative biology - exobiology. You ignored speculative science as used by SETI. For you all these can't be science. And regardless of how many people actually go and learn mathematical science, you just won't admit it. All these things are going on, but you don't believe it because it doesn't fit to your rule 'maths is not a science'.  math n : a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity and shape and arrangement [syn: mathematics, maths] http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=math  Pronunciation: "math-'ma-tiks, "ma-th&- Function: noun plural but usually singular in construction Date: 1581 1 : the science of numbers and their operations, interrelations, combinations, generalizations, and abstractions and of space configurations and their structure, measurement, transformations, and generalizations http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?book=Dictionary&va=mathematics  mathematics < noun (cognition)  Meaning: A science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity and shape and arrangement. http://www.hyperdic.net/dic/m/mathematics.shtml  Lurch: you're just not very good when it comes to the meanings of words. You've got 'attitude' that's all. Deriding people by using two mutually exclusive arguments makes you look stupid. Not understanding simple meanings of words, well that's just you in a nutshell; the Homer Simpson of these debates.   PS what's the taxonomy name of the Great Dane, is it still the same as the other dogs?
When it comes to meanings of words, you've picked the wrong person to tangle with.  SETI is a scientific search for ET. They have yet to observe him, but they're still looking. There's a whole field of speculative biology 'exobiology'.  Neither of which are science. You are confusing 'scientific' and 'science'. You'll also note that your restatement of what I said is wrong, I said science is BASED on observation and experiment. There is NO observation OR experiment in mathematics  Firstly...  "...conducted research and analysis of ancient sedimentary deposits on Mars, to be used for selection of future landing sites to satisfy geological and exobiological science issues." http://quest.arc.nasa.gov/ltc/mars/workshop1/ricebio.html  "Planetary protection takes also into account the protection of exobiological science" http://www.astrosurf.com/planete-mars/congres_europe/abstracts_ang/node15.html  "Space Science in the Twenty-First Century Imperatives for the Decades 1995 to 2015  Life Sciences  2 Exobiology WHAT IS EXOBIOLOGY?" http://www7.nationalacademies.org/ssb/21lsch2.html  Obviously you are right, and NASA is wrong. It's possible. Open Directory list it like this... Science Astronomy Extraterrestrial Life  That is, under science!  Secondly, I know what you said about science and observation. I'm amazed you'd say it.  If I take two oranges and subtract one. I can observe there is one orange.  Maths is about experimentation, there are whole fields out there such as fractals etc. "Welcome to  Experimental Mathematics , a journal devoted to  experimental aspects of mathematics research. It publishes formal results inspired by  experimentation, conjectures suggested by experiments, descriptions of algorithms and software for mathematical exploration, surveys of areas of mathematics from the experimental point of view , and general articles of interest to the community." http://www.expmath.org/  "History of experimental mathematics. The general idea of finding mathematical results by doing computational experiments has a distinguished, if not widely discussed, history." http://www.wolframscience.com/reference/notes/899c  Obviously when you did maths you weren't made aware of these fun things you could be doing. Theoretical physics; obviously this is a non-scientific section of physics.   Because you're claiming there aren't any true definitions such as laws etc.  Ah I see - you can't read. Go back, read what I actually wrote and try again. I didn't say there aren't any true definitions, I said that Law has no proper definition in Science.  So, there are truths, but not laws?  I want to know what you mean. If that's too difficult - because you're unsure, just let me know. Otherwise don't bother getting cute.
Hi Lurch  Montalban is not slow, he's defensive. He appears to have a good mind but he is not secure in his beliefs and is desperately trying to hang on to them. I?ve been there myself and it makes you angry at anyone that questions your beliefs.  Nice post. Well thought out and articulate. What field are you in?  Have you seen Priscilla?s posts? She seems genuinely interested in a rational discussion of the issues.  And you're not, right?  I didn't understand that I was debating the ubermann.  You're quite offensive in this backhanded swipe. 'desparately trying ot hang on'... coming from someone who won't research what 'crackpot' arguments scientists are making (your definition; when I was talking about textbook theories re: the ascent of man)  And you also refuse to debate me. bock bock bock.
"How can Monty insist on his ignorance?"  Quote from the Lurch man...  I am waiting for the answer...or are you just trying to belittle other people as if they don't have a soul and you do. Or do you not believe in souls...that's dangerous, very dangerous. I think we can see where this leads.     bensaved2001@hotmail.com
Hi Robbie  I was able to find out that two of the finch species did not interbreed and four of the species produce infertile offspring. That makes them different species. That also makes it macro evolution if the definition of macro evolution is change above the species level.  I read where a Great Dane was artificially inseminated with Chihuahua sperm and the offspring were aborted. If so, that makes them a different species since they can't reproduce.  Hello. That is interesting. My own perception of macro-evolution was basically increase in information (presumably from mutation although Rationalist's 'Roman Arch' mechanism could also be included at later stages) since you need that to account for progressive evolution from whatever the first replicating thing was. I suppose I'll have to call that something else now.   Anyhow, the point is that, to my knowledge, what the finches, and more clearly - the Chihuahua and Great Dane are demonstrating is loss of information through change in gene frequency or elimantion of some genes. (ie - genes for smaller beaks, or genes for smaller dogs) Since this kind of evolution has indeed created new species of dog and finch according to the defintions I've seen, it could be said that macro-evolution was proved (if it is change above species level). However, showing that loss of information can create new species can't prove the progressive evolution from the first self-replicator, since that requires increase of information.
Unless something has drastically changed since you announced you were.. um.. 'leaving' this board, then I think that lableling 'the ascent of man' a "crackpot" argument is entirley uncalled for.  Go actually read my last post SLP - I said I was moving to other threads within this forum. What do you think I've been doing for the last month?  You've seen I've posted other stuff. Only a XXXXX like you can't see it right in front of your face.  Even now I've been back with the evolutionary debate for some days, I see you're still as slow as ever to catch on, or should I have sent you a PM making an announcement.*  And why did I leave the evolutionary? It's good of you to be dishonest about that too by not mentioning it. It's because you and Lurch et al were time wasting because Lurch made a serious mistake and hadn't the guts to admit it - viz the difference between a noun and an adjective.  Did you pull him into line? No, of course you didn't.  It's nice that you too are trying to pretend to be interested in serious debate, but your ommissions are glaring.  And what of Hank. Hank makes attacks on Parcum and can't stand the same. Do you comment on that? No of course not. That would be honest; if you were consistant; and actually concerned about righting a wrong.  SLP :) you're strange, or more accurately, dishonest. Your selective account of things can only come unstuck. You loose all credibility, but Lurch will give you points, he thinks that's a great way of debating.  I like it how you stuck it to him about his mistake on basic English - oops, you didn't do that did you. Bock bock bock   *This is what I said... I reserve the right of course to re-join these debates; for those who miss me, I'll be on other subjects within this forum. You can always send me a private message. Or you can respond in length amongst yourselves to this post.
It is interesting that this has come up. On another baord, a creationist that has a BS in electronics engineering claimed that he is a "scientist" because he has a bachelor's of SCIENCE, and that therefore, his opinions on evolution should carry as much weight as any other (real) scientist.  They do what they have to to convinve themselves (and others) that their opinions actually have merit.  I see that you have accepted without comment the statement maths is not science.
"How can Monty insist on his ignorance?"  Quote from the Lurch man...  I am waiting for the answer...or are you just trying to belittle other people as if they don't have a soul and you do. Or do you not believe in souls...that's dangerous, very dangerous. I think we can see where this leads.   The thing with Lurch is he says I've no right to comment on a book because I've not read it.  He doesn't  a) dispute the quotes from the book or b) stop himself on commenting on things he's not read
I believe the bible can be used as scientific proof, for it makes some bold and amazing predictions. In the middle ages continuing up until just a few hundred years ago, church leaders (of the catholic church and the church of england) actually tried to change part of the bible. Scientists of that time were saying that the verse Isiah 40:22 was wrong. the verse says:  "He sits enthroned above the circle of the earth, and its people are like grasshoppers."  the scientific leaders published many ideas that the bible has to be false since it calls the earth a "circle" and that everyone  knew that the earth was flat.  The churches started losing attendence, they tried to change it. In the end, the earth was found, as we know, to be round and everything calmed down. Except that there is a verse that, in my opinion, can be taken as evidence for creation.
ROCC,   A circle is flat. A sphere is not.  A sphere is circular.
Other translations use the word sphere. Anyways, the scientists of that time did not believe the earth to be a circle.
No, a circle is circular. A circle is flat and two dimensional. A sphere is spherical and three dimensional.  A circle is circular, but so are other round things. It describes roundness.  You're a hopeless case when it comes to word definitions Lurch.
Just for fun, why don't you explain it to us again. There are some here who missed your ignorant babble the first time. I think they will enjoy the spectacle.  I stated that the word "evolutionary" is an adjective.  Go ahead and explain my "massive mistake".  And I said it can be a noun. Such as simple thing got your goat. I would have dropped it already except never once did you say sorry for being wrong. Even now, I get the inkling that you still want to drag on with it, and I'm quite happy to oblige. More fool you.  Sure, I'm happy to go over it again, as you're still so gutless as not to admit you're wrong. The mistake itself was not 'massive' but your inability to admit you were wrong, to argue heatedly for day after day after day, ignoring all evidence, was what made it massive. This coming from a person who criticised my very first post on this forum, because I didn't spell 'speciation' correctly. You can dish it out, but you can't take it; instead of admitting an error, you were prepared to argue and argue and argue that you were right, shall I re-list all of the web citations I used (and you used how many? A number less than one I recall).  I said yes, it is an adjective, it is also a noun. It depends on where it is used in a sentence. That is the way Functional Grammar is taught to kiddies and adults nowadays; I did a post-grad certificate in TESOL (Teaching English to Students of Other Languages), and whilst I didn't continue on to obtain the Dip in TESOL, the common component was Functional Grammar.  And I wasn't using the word 'evolutionary' anyways, I called you guys 'evolutionaries' and even then you waited what(?) something like three months before you objected to it. You're not only dishonest but a wee bit slow.  I am harping on this too now, which isn't very Christian of me. But you are quite prepared to pontificate and put anyone down for any error. But that's because you're not interested in genuine debate, and with you, neither am I.  Whilst you guys want to keep debating single words, I will too.  Someone earlier mentioned in passing about Maths being a science. Some idiot wanted to dispute that. Someone else talked about the circular nature of the earth. Crimp said it isn't a circle, and you want to debate that.  I will point score with you, just as you have tried with me. Now you want to debate 'circular'  "Of or relating to a circle. Shaped like or  nearly like a circle; round. Moving in or forming a circle." http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=circular  So Lurch what's it going to be? You going to admit you are wrong on any of these points? Or are you just going to be like a loud-mouthed yob?
Other translations use the word sphere. Anyways, the scientists of that time did not believe the earth to be a circle.  Don't worry about Lurch.* I'm interested in the points you raise.   He doesn't understand that 'circular' describes something that is round, such as but not exclusive to, a circle. It means circle-like.
Indeed. But it does not mean spherical.  Earlier...  No, a circle is circular. A circle is flat and two dimensional. A sphere is spherical and three dimensional  All I said was that a sphere is circular. You disagreed.  You see some things can be described a number of ways.  You can be described a number of ways...  You a both dishonest and stubborn.  Shall we move on? Probably not, because you're wrong on this and you'll just bluster about for a few days.
Correct. Most educated people believed the earth to be a sphere. Only the uneducated and the church believed the earth was a circle. In fact, the Greek, Eratosthenes, calculated the circumphrence of the earth to within 100 miles more than 200 years before the birth of Christ.  In part you are correct. A more accurate sentence would have been Most educated people (including those in the Church) believed that the earth was spherical.  "Russell says the flat earth mythology flourished most between 1870 and 1920, and had to do with the ideological setting created by struggles over evolution. He says the flat-earth myth was an ideal way to dismiss the ideas of a religious past in the name of modern science." http://www.christiananswers.net/q-aig/aig-c034.html  Most educated people before the Reformation were in the Church, or had been educated by the Church.  Thales of Miletus (http://www.phys.virginia.edu/classes/109N/lectures/thales.html) is one educated person who, also being probably Greek (Miletus then a city linked to Greece) believed in a flat-earth.  Thales of Miletus  (c. 585 BCE): Eclipses and Stellar Studies  Our sources for all early Greek astronomy are scant, none more so than for Thales, supposedly the first of the philosophers. Various inventions and discoveries are attributed to him, most famous of which is his prediction of an eclipse of 585 (Hdt. 1.74). Modern scholars are fairly sure he was able to do this by consulting known Babylonian eclipse and lunar observations going back about 150 years, long enough to notice that eclipses recur after about 18 years[6]. His activities also seem to have included star-observations and trigonometry, which he is credited with having founded, but the details of his theories are either lost or obscured by later legends about this early thinker who left no written record. He seems to have  conceived of earth as flat and water-borne, and to have postulated that there must have been some first substance out of which the world arose, which he guesses is water (Aristot. Met. 983b 6)[7].  http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/GreekScience/Students/Ellen/EarlyGkAstronomy.html  The above site also lists: Anaximines of Miletus  (c. 525 BCE)  Though these blokes were in a minority, I could use their mistakes to stigmatise all Greek science as you are trying to do with Christianity.  And what about in the Christian era? "Lactantius The earliest of these flat-Earth promoters was the African Lactantius (AD 245?325), a professional rhetorician who converted to Christianity mid-life. He rejected all the Greek philosophers, and in doing so also rejected a spherical Earth. His views were considered heresy by the Church Fathers and his work was ignored until the Renaissance (at which time some humanists revived his writings as a model of good Latin, and of course, his flat Earth view also was revived). http://www.christiananswers.net/q-aig/aig-c034.html  More importantly "In 1834, the anti-Christian Letronne falsely claimed that most of the Church Fathers, including Augustine, Ambrose and Basil, held to a flat Earth. His work has been repeatedly cited as "reputable" ever since." (Ibid)  Obviously Lurch you have proved this point. Both this source, and the first one I cited suggest that the notion that the Church believed in a flat earth stems from the novel "Rip Van Winkle" hardly a reliable source for facts, but certainly a good source for fiction. That you would spout fiction as fact, traced back to this seminal work is very interesting. It seems you're prepared to even believe a work of fiction, so long as it attacks the Church.  Although another site suggests that the moronic notion that the Church was pro-flat earth stems elsewhere... "The myth that Christians in the Middle Ages thought the world was flat was given a massive boost by Andrew Dickson White's weighty tome The Warfare of Science with Theology. This book has become something of a running joke among historians of science and it is dutifully mentioned as a prime example of misinformation in the preface of most modern works on science and religion. The flat Earth is discussed in chapter 2 and one can almost sense White's confusion that hardly any of the sources support his hypothesis that Christians widely believed in it. He finds himself grudgingly admitting that Clement, Origen, Ambrose, Augustine, Isodore, Albertus Magnus and Aquinas all accepted the Earth was a globe - in other words none of the great doctors of the church had considered the matter in doubt. Although an analysis of what White actually says suggests he was aware that the flat Earth was largely a myth, he certainly gives an impression of ignorant Christians suppressing rational knowledge of its real shape." http://www.bede.org.uk/flatearth.htm  Whilst Jeffrey Burton Russell (quoted indirectly earlier) (at http://id-www.ucsb.edu/fscf/library/RUSSELL/FlatEarth.html) suggests other culprits might also be at fault.  All are however united in saying that this myth of yours came about during the crisis caused by the rise of evolution. Evolutionaries were more than happy to portray the Church as being backward; and if a lie did this type of smear, then so be it.  If you want, we can also discuss the same issue of Church/science knowledge, with focus on geocentric theories, or the order of creation or whatever, as for you Lurch, I have plenty of time. I'm sorry I did not respond earlier as I watched the final of the Rugby World Cup, and unfortunately Australia lost to England in extra-time. Well done England.  emoticon_cry   Oh well, we have won it twice!
We just had this conversation on the EvC forum.  The Hebrew word used in Isaiah 40:22 is chuwg which is translated as "circle": http://www.blueletterbible.org/tmp_dir/c/1069535635-8463.html#22. Note that the translations listed generally indicate circle, circuit - flat, two dimensional shapes.  Interestingly, there is the word duwr which can mean ball, that is a three dimensional object, that Isaiah does use in 22:18 http://www.blueletterbible.org/tmp_dir/c/1069535925-1342.html#18.   But I'm sure this was before the more spiritually enlightened Church fathers made the necessary corrections.  And, jeez, is Monty still going on about Darwin's finches? Give him credit - the guy has stamina.  Only you can so off-handedly blashpheme.  If you have something positive to say about Darwin's Finch then say it.  I am sorry that you don't; you don't want to guess whether it's 8, 12, or 13 species that you're trying desparately to defend. From recollection you had very little to do with this particular debate anyway. Go away unless you've something to contribute.  Honesty doesn't enter your debate if you don't feel the need to address anything just make flippant remarks.  I notice you too haven't commented on Lurch's criticism of 'circular' or the other dude's suggestion tha maths is not a science.  Funny that, I suppose you're only interested in 'points for your own team', rather than genuine debate.
Poking fun at someone's blind faith in the Church fathers is blasphemy? Do you worship God, or a bureaucracy?   You took the Lord's name in manner that is deemed blasphemous (in a manner which, unfortunately is a common misuse of His name.)  You would not want your name to become one used in such instances I'm sure.  I don't expect you to respect this, I'm just pointing it out. I'm not even trying to get you to apologise (you probably don't feel the need to). But you are not showing any respect for other people's belief when you misuse the 'J' word.  The fact that you don't even realise this is again an interesting point. I am concerned with what I say.  I have no desire to debate Darwin's finches. My main purpose was to add some information on the Isaiah topic. But since you can't let it go, I will suggest you take the time to try to understand what it is that everyone else is trying to explain to you about this topic. You are not facing their actual arguments  No, you are not facing my argument. You are saying that Darwin's Finch is both a perfect example of one thing, and then immediately saying that you can't clearly define species to determine that Darwin's Finch is a perfect example of speciation.  That simple proposition is what I am concerned with.  That you are pointing out that I am working an argument on the definitions of words is in fact my specialty. I am an Arts grad. I have also done a PostGrad Cert in TESOL. I have done some legal studies, (admittedly I have not continued with them for the time being). I work in a legal environment and have done research for lawyers. I know the importance of meanings of words.  For you to argue that there's evidence that proves something but the evidence is vague is a nonsense. But you won't you'll immediately jump up and say, no, it's a perfect example. This type of response will go round and round again forever.  I notice you too haven't commented on Lurch's criticism of 'circular' or the other dude's suggestion that maths is not a science.  I am a PhD student in mathematics. Circular and spherical are not the same thing. In plain English, circular refers to flat two dimensional shapes. Three dimensional shapes are referred to as spherical. I have never heard of a sphere referred to as circular.  The links I supplied would seem to show that the authors of Isaiah made a similar distinction. And mathematics is a science only in the sense that any specialized body of knowledge and skills can be called a science, like wood carving, plumbing, history, and the like. But mathematics in not a science in the same sense as physics, chemistry, or biology. It simply does not deal with the empirical world in any direct way - it is the applications of the natural scientists that make use of mathematics - and anything that is logically proven in mathematics is 100% true and will never, ever be considered to be false, unlike a scientific theory.  I wonder what Applied Mathematics does? But anyway, at least here you touch upon (albeit with a qualifier) that Maths is a science. So is Exobiology. Exobiology does not deal with the 'real' world and in that sense it too is not like physics, chemistry or the rest of biology.  The science theories behind Abiogenesis, whatever discipline they fall under, must equally have a guarded qualifier. I will remember this next time I argue about the nonsense theories behind Abiogenesis.   Funny that, I suppose you're only interested in 'points for your own team', rather than genuine debate.  It was not my intention to enter into the debate. I was merely supplying information for you and your opponents to use in the debate. Let me add that your tone in your posting surprises me. You didn't used to respond with such bitterness. Evidently my presence is making you unhappy - I said what I wanted to say and I will bow out.  In plain English, 'circular' is used to describe things that are circle-like, I understand that round would be a better word to describe both two and three dimensional objects. I had quoted a dictionary that explains this definition, a plain English dictionary if you will.:)  If I am bitter, it is because you are not 'just supplying information', you have come into the argument to lampoon me re: Darwin's Finch, and you threw in an extra comment about the small debate we're having over circular terminology. That you can't see this, is surprising to me.  I am not saying 'Don't put up an opposing argument' but don't pretend that what you say is anything but.  Further, if I am bitter it might have in part something to do with the nature of my last encounters on this Evolutionary debate when I was assailed by divers evolutionaries viz SLP, Lurch, TheoMorphic, WJA et al, who combined poured over every single last nuance of everything I wrote and together formed a block (appropriate metaphor -read 'thick as...'). To have you wade into this now with ill-cautious words is highly untimely. There is a history here that you may only be partly aware of.  The proposition being pieced together by Lurch here now is that because of the use of the word 'circle' that the Bible is suggesting a flat-earth, go read his other comments about the ignorance of the Church. (Go read his post). That you can not see this is amazing. I might have a knee-jerk reaction to you entering into this debate on his side; this is true. I have explained the reasons why I am angry.
"It is very difficult for an objective observer to see how a group of finches who 'find it hard to tell themselves apart', and who do in fact interbreed, can legitimately be called different species." http://www.alternativescience.com/darwin's_finches.htm   It's because Monty has his thinking done for him by someone else, usually a 'church father' or his bedside reading companion Fr. Rose, both of which had their thinking done for them as well. I for one, am still waiting for Monty to present some empirical evidence FOR creation instead of his usual word-play, conjecture and handwaving. Come on Monty, where is it? Evidence FOR creation?  On other posts, if I had said such things I'd be subject to a howl of criticism for ad hominem attacks. It is because I quote from a source that I am accused of not thinking for myself. How moronic. I suppose I shouldn't quote from anyone or I'd be accused of not thinking for myself.  It seems that this sort of criticism is only allowed to travel one-way. My very first post on this forum brought howls from Lurch et al because of a simple error in spelling 'speciation'. Red-faced was I, but I lived.  Gutlessly Lurch has not admitted to his major error in grammar, and equally so, none of his fellow evolutionaries are willing to either. (I'll get to that at the end).  Lurch says 'that is to be expected' that 'closely related' finches should interbreed. If they are 'closely related' then they are not as distinctive as he would like, therefore they aren't a good example of speciation, because they show that they are not separate; further evidenced that there is tremendous difficulty given in actually identifying which members belong to which 'species'; and that the number of different 'species' is highly subjective anyway.  They are not a good example of speciation if you can't actually determine that they have 'speciated' into different species (when some scientists will actually group them as the same species!).  You can keep arguing till the cows come home that the Finch is both a species.  Just how indistinct are they?  Let's look at how confused everyone is...  In the posts "How does a new species come about?"  Yet scientists categorically claim: a) that there are 13 distinct species of Darwin?s Finch  In post 52 of that thread Lurch said in reply Actually they don't.  Some have classified them into more species. If you had actually looked into the matter you would know that the warbler finch (Certhidea olivacea) is sometimes divided into from 2 to 8 species.  Now he says You're a bit slow, aren't you, monty. Way back at the beginning of the finch discussion I mentioned that some taxonomists had claimed that the Warbler finch (Certhidea olivacea) comprised between 2 and 8 species. Now for some reason it has become a claim that there are 8 species of Darwin's finches.  I don't know where Lurch gets his figures of 2-8 of Warblers, but I assume that he is correct. So, last time I was talking about Darwin's Finch. He replied that there aren't 13 species, sometimes more. (Therefore there is difficulty in classifying them). Within the same paragraph he said there are 2 to 8 of the Warblers. I am sorry that I estimated that all the Darwin's Finch number 8. I can see that you were referring only to one type of Darwin's Finch.  Lurch claims it's perfectly valid to sometimes list them as 2 to 8. If there are 2 or 8 different Warblers (and I'm assuming here you are correct on this), then there are in fact more than 13 or 14 different species of Darwin's Finch. Do the maths. 8 or so different Warblers + the 13 existing other types. That is why Lurch claimed that sometimes there are more   However, now he's seems happy that there are only 13 or 14.  He claimed that the Warbler's are one, but admits experts claim up to 8. Why his estimate is now correct (and his earlier estimate of more isn't) and their's (the other people believing in up to 8) is wrong I don't know; Lurch says that they are justified in their analysis, if you use one measure. If you use another you get one. So it seems not only are they inconsistent with the results, but with the means to obtain those results. Obviously this is a fantastic example of speciation as we now have close to 20 different species! Yes, 8 is far too low a number. I can see why you'd be angry for grossly downplaying just how diverse the little buggers are.     And Lurch, I showed him in web-site after web-site after web-site, that a word, that is a book title, is a noun. His inability to understand either simple grammar (a proper noun) or even modern grammatical theory such as Functional Grammar* might excuse ignorance of this fact, but to keep insisting otherwise shows how moronically intransient he is, which itself is a gross error.  *Which as I said explains the definitions of words by the function they form in a sentence... they don't even use terms such as adjectives, but describers.  I even said gave examples. The word Bathurst appears as a noun - the name of a place, but in the sentence "Stop here for a real Bathurst experience" it functions as an adjective.  Common dictionaries will however describe evolutionary still, as an adjective, so I understand his mistake. However, I did also quote sites with regard to types of nouns. These include the titles of books, such as "To Kill a Mockingbird" which is why we capitalise words such as 'kill'. Thus ... He read a book called "Evolutionary Theory"... it is part of the title of a book, hence a noun.    "Identificaion of finches can be extremely intimidating. Indeed, for several years I filed away my photographs wihout really looking at them until I could work up the courage to try. I had many discussions with guides, and one year, I even brought my pictures with me. Now, I feel relatively confident in my identifications (but remember: "It is only a very wise man or a fool who thinks that he is able to identify all the finches which he sees.")" http://www.rit.edu/~rhrsbi/GalapagosPages/DarwinFinch.html  If you look hard enough I suppose you can see whatever you want.  "Ornithologist David Lack visited the islands in 1937 and stayed through one breeding season. He built cages and tried to encourage the thirteen 'species' to mate, noting that they were reluctant to mate and did so only 'rarely'. Lack also noted in his monograph, Darwin's Finches 'In no other birds are the differences between species so ill-defined.'" http://www.alternativescience.com/darwin's_finches.htm  "...Jan Klein and his team have discovered that the 6 ground finch 'species' all have the same Mitochondrial DNA (the Mitochondria are the components of cells which generate energy, the DNA is our Genetic Code - The DNA in the Mitochondria carries the genetic code for the whole Finch!). Since these 6 finch 'species' have the same DNA they 'may continue to interbreed'. But this means that they may in fact be one species, according to the definition of a species in Darwin's day. Next the team discovered that the 6 tree Finch 'species' also have identical Mitochondial DNA, which also means that they 'may continue to interbreed', and so they may also be one species. They then discovered that all of the supposed 14 'species' of Finch are descended from a single 'ancestral species'. The question that is therefore begging to be asked is: Can all these 14 different types of Finch still interbreed with the ancestral species ? If they can, then what Jan Klein has found is that all 14 types of Finch with their different beaks are in fact one species, and that John Gould, mislead Charles Darwin when he told him that all the 14 types of Finch were from different species. " http://www.bibledecoded.com/understanding221.html
But you are not using the word as a proper noun. You are merely using an adjective in a situation that requires a noun.  And how is it not moronically intransient to insist that an adjective becomes a noun, a proper noun at that, because it is used in the title of a book. Really. Perhaps a little study of functional grammar might help you to comprehend your gross and stupid error.  The name of a book, the title, is a name; therefore a noun.  Just like "The Great Sandy Desert" or the "Grand Canyon". Grand by itself functions as an adjective. Grand in Grand Canyon is part of the name. Names of things are nouns!  You are separating the components, when together they function as a noun. There's a king of England called Richard the Lion-heart. That is his name, one of them. Lion-heart also is a describer. We use these in surnames all the time.  If you had a son, and I gave him a book called "The Little Red Car" about a little red car. And you asked me what was the name of the book I gave him... I wouldn't say the name of the book was "Car" as it is by itself a noun. The whole thing is the name "The Little Red Car" just like "Dances with Wolves" was the name of a character in a film. It might be about a little red car (in this case they are adjectives). It is easier to see it in this Lakota name because they gave names that reflected a description of the person. We have in the west lost that connexion with personal names, but each name of someone means something, such as Barry means spear-bearer. Therefore by your logic Barry is not a name, but an adjective, because it describes someone.  Mary might mean 'full of grace' for all I know, but just because it is a describer, an adjective in it's root form, it has become a noun as its use as a name of someone. Or should we revert most Christian names to the status of adjectives?  Your own user-name Lurch could be said to be an adjective. To 'lurch' forward. But hey, it's being used by you as a noun! Which is it? An adjective or a noun? Well, it functions for your use as a name, a noun.  You can't separate them like you're trying to. The whole is the name.  You don't understand functional grammer anyway. As I said, it depends on how the word is used in context. By your example, taking words out of the context of the name of something is defunctional. You need to study a bit on the use of texts in the teaching of functional grammer.  And remember I started off by using the word evolutionaries as a term I coined for you lot it both a collective name, and it ascribes attributes to you. You said 'evolutionary' is not a noun, when I wasn't even using that word.  And, you raised this objection months after I'd first used it, so you're a wee bit slow. And you're wrong.  As I said, basic English tells you the name of something is a noun. I gave you the example of Joe Bloggs buying a book called "Evolutionary Theory". What book did he buy? It wasn't called "Theory". It's called "Evolutionary Theory".  I actually thought you were being dishonest in not owning up to this mistake. Now I see I was wrong, you're just stupid. I've suggested many reading sites for you to look at, but you refuse.  I've added the following...  According to you, Lurch, all these names, even though they function as a noun aren't nouns, because they are describers, or adjectives... You must ignore the way the word is actually being used.  Lamech, poor; made low http://www.ccel.org/pager.cgi?file=bible_names/bible_names.html&from=L&up=bible_names/title.html (surely an adjective)  Kacha; swaying http://www.sca.org/heraldry/paul/ka.html (surely a verb)  CAMERON  (origin: Gaelic.) From Cam, crooked, and sron, nose, crooked or hooked-nose. http://www.last-names.net/surname.asp?surname=Cameron (another adjective)  Gregory One pope and more than thirty saints are of this name. It originates from Latin and it means 'the watchful'.  http://www.jesusanswers.com/names/boys/christian%20names%20boys%20g.htm (more adjectives)  It is a novel theory Lurch, that you have there. You don't look how a word is used or how it functions in a sentence. These names originally were only adjectives, but as they function as names, they are nouns. I hope you understand this by now.
Monty, it is obvious that you wish to use words unconventionally but then blame others for not accepting your unconventional, grammatically incorrect use. I won't lose any sleep over it but don't shift blame to others who do not accept your idiosyncratic rules.  You then try to rationalise your position by saying that you use "evolutionaries", not "evolutionary". Is "evolutionaries" one of those peculiar plurals which has no singular form? Otherwise one could quite reasonable assume that the singular form is "evolutionary".  As I said, months after I first used it, Lurch objects. It functioned and was understood by people, even you (recall we both debated on another forum on another web-site even before this one, and I used it then - and you made no objections then). Thus this 'unconventional' use was accepted by you. I used the word 'evolutionaries' not evolutionary. You seem to have got your debates mixed up.  Taking a word now as you are trying to do, out of context is exactly what Lurch is trying to do. The whole basis of the Functional form of English is to put words into context and see how they are used. It is not the Montalban-only method, but is (at least in Australia; where you also claim to come from) the method for teaching English in schools.*  If you adhere to Lurch's idea of deconstructing words and taking them out of context then you must also do so for all these personal names. His rules for English are to take them out of context, have words standing alone and examining them in such manner. This is not the current theory of examining English.  As I mentioned earlier, just about every Christian name now in use started life as a describer. That they function now as names means that they are, in the context of being used as personal names, nouns. Thus, even if you deconstruct some words and look at them, a personal name for instance, the word might not be a noun, but an adjective. You would be able to tell by looking at its context of use.  I recall you obected first to this use of the word, only after Lurch. You said I had no business other than using staid rationale and scientific language. I pointed out that in the "Beak of the Finch" one of your evolutionaries used phrases to describe the finch such as "like star-crossed lovers", and "from other sides of the track". In other words your criticism of my language use is only aimed at me, and not others doing the same.  Also, the fact that this is not a scientific paper anyway seems to have escaped you.  Thus your objections are doubly stupid. You failed to comment or acknowledge this. I am still waiting. That you are so biased is not my fault, and you need not project this onto me. You were wrong then, and you never fessed up. Now you come to Lurch's aid again like an uncritical ban-dog, and you are wrong now.  And you also don't seem to realise any 'mistake' as you now call it, until Lurch points it out - even though he is wrong. If you had a mind of your own, you might be worth a longer response.  *One of the leading centres for English teacher training is Macquarie University who's National Centre for English Language Teaching and Research (http://www.nceltr.mq.edu.au/ ) teaches Functional English.  The reason we're switching to functional English is to reflect English in how it is actually used and not basing it upon static grammatical rules such as 'x' is always a 'noun'.  As I have demonstrated time and again beforehand, most recently with personal names, they are accepted without thinking as being nouns, because they function as names, even if they are adjectives, or verbs.
As I showed earlier, the name Kacha originally meant 'sways' (a verb). But now that it functions as the name of a person, it is a noun as well. Except to Lurch, Iamthetruth and WJA who have all put up their hands to say that a word must remain static. That they have done so is rather brave.  Thus when they find a question asking for a 'username' and Lurch chose Lurch, even though it is based on a TV character, it goes back to a verb as in 'to lurch forward'. Lurch must have been furious that he could not choose a 'userverb' instead of a 'username'. Nouns are the name of something. It is one of the most basic of English rules; Iamthetruth is a phrase (not an accurate one in the context of its user), but as he has chosen it as a username, it is now a noun. Thus English grows. In such a way a book called "Evoultionary Theory" is the name of a book.  But I am being a wee bit too harsh. In part I am at fault for not being able to inform them in a more clearer way, or they'd have understood by now... words can function in different ways.  I hope that they will understand that a book title is a noun. That it might be made up of totally different types of words is irrelevant. Once they are together, and functioning as a name, they are a noun.  How they can cope with things such as the sci-fi film "THX-1138" I am unsure. It was created as the name of a character, and must, according to fuctional English be a noun. But for them, it is a nothing.    Hopefully they can admit to their error and we can move on to where Lurch believes that there can be more than 14 different species of Darwin's Finch.
Please don't misrepresent my position, I care little for your petty argument regarding the usage of words, nor do I care for your obsession with Darwins finches, you seem to think that this is somehow important and that it in some way disproves evolutionoary (sic) theory. What I do care about is your inability to present a positive argument for the existance (sic) of a god and creation YEC, OEC or otherwise. Evidence , my dear chap, provide some good old solid EMPIRICAL data and evidence to support your somewhat wobbly position. Here's an example;  There mere existance (sic) of SN1987A proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that the bible is wrong, in particular Genesis. I/we/the scientific comunity (sic), have evidence, where is yours to show us otherwise?  So, your position is you have no position. Funny that, you've always been ready to argue against me before when you think I'm wrong.  You've already seemed to have announced the conclusion of your/our debate; the Bible is wrong. You don't ask "Is the Bible wrong?" or "Does SN1987A a case to disprove the Bible?". You've already finished the debate. Why are you making a Lurch-like argument now that we debate over something you've already concluded?  Or was it a rhetorical statement... one that you don't believe and are just raising for the sake of argument?  What is my 'wobbly position'? Is that when I've had a curry?  No, I didn't say it was an issue of disproving Darwin's Theory, I said that it wasn't a good example of evolution. If you actually read the argument I've been making; oh, that's right you comment without reading my posts don't you. (And you're the XXXXX who accused me of not thinking for myself; based on the fact that I quote someone. Obviously you don't quote anyone as you can 'think for yourself'.)  And now you're trying the ol' Empirical data time-waster again. I've already had a similar argument with others already. a) you won't accept any evidence as being 'evidence' rather as conjecture. b) you would agree that God is outside the scope of science anyway. See posts betwixt TheoMorophic and I. If you have anything to add, or see we've missed something then get back to me.
You've moved position again.  Initially you were arguing about the word evolutionary when I was using the word evolutionaries.  Then you said that its always acts as an adjective (even if in a title; see quote from you below re: post98). Now you're saying that it can be a noun if it's in a title. Which is what I was saying - context changes the word. You need to see how it functions in the context.   The name of a book, the title, is a name; therefore a noun.    True. But my point has nothing to do with book titles.   How dishonest. This is the first time you've agreed on this point.  You've said Post 303 on this thread  Even if "evolutionary" is used in the title of a book, it is still an adjective.   So, even when it's functioning as a title, you said its not a noun. But now you're arguing that together with other words it can be.  However, now you've changed your mind and concede, finally that as a book title it can be a noun. Thus, what if the book was just called "Evolutionary" it would be a noun! It would be the name of the book!  Just like "The Great Sandy Desert" or the "Grand Canyon". Grand by itself functions as an adjective. Grand in Grand Canyon is part of the name. Names of things are nouns!   Right. The whole title is a proper noun.   Good, again. Then if the book title is "Evolutionary" than evolutionary can be a noun. I never claimed anything more than in the context it can be used as a noun. There's a famous poem called "If" by Kippling. That in it's context is a noun. End of story, you'd think.  But hang-on that was never the reason you started this debate in the first place, now was it... You are separating the components, when together they function as a noun.  No. My point has nothing to do with book titles. It was your claim that because the adjective "evolutionary" was used in the title of a book, it was therefore a proper noun. It isn't. The whole title is a proper noun. You used the adjective "evolutionary" improperly. You did not use it in the title of a book. You used an adjective as a noun.   I didn't use 'evolutionary' improperly. I called you dudes 'evolutionaries'. I said it was a collective noun, a name I had coined.  Show me where I used an adjective as a noun.   [QUOTE=lurch]You made a mistake and you are unable to admit it. Please take some time to study English grammar if you are going to discuss it. You are quite confused about parts of speach.(sic)  You are correct about lurch. It was a bad example. Show me where I misused evolutionary. You can't. You haven't so far.  If you can show me where I misused the word evolutionary, which is the whole reason you brought up this debate you'd have a case. You've argued against me for months on this issue without presenting the evidence that I misused it.  You argued that it could never act as a noun anyway. You argued that it was always an adjective, no matter where. Now you admit that as part of a book title it can be a noun.  It's apparent that you're still not willing to put up with the evidence.  Post80 of How does a new species come about?   Was when you first raised this obejction. Are you not aware that the word "evolutionary" is an adjective? It only displays ignorance to try to use it as a noun.  You must have a point in such intentional gramatical ignorance. Would you care to explain?  When you say "evolutionaries" are you referring to evolutionary biologists? Not everyone on these boards is a biologist. Why do you insist on showing such ignorance?   I had said Evolutionaries is my word (an collective noun) to group together all the people who's religion is evolution, such as yourself who are so pig ignorant of other matters that if they know a little bit of science they think they're the only ones who can discuss it, and then all other matters as well, such as English usage.   You repeated it again post 85 My point is that the word "evolutionary" is an adjective and you are using it incorrectly as a noun. You need to think before you write.   This despite the fact I was using the word evolutionaries.  Where was I using it as a noun (even though I could have?).  Post 95 Oh, that's right 'evolutionary is an adjective. Well, only sometimes. Sometimes it's a noun as in "Smith wrote a book called 'Evolutionary Theory'"  Post98 Yet another display of your semi-literacy. Even in the title of the book the word "Evolutionary" is an adjective, in that case modifying the word "Theory". Evolutionary is an adjective all the time. You continue to make yourself look like a fool.   No, it doesn't modify the word Theory. Now you say it is a noun because it's part of a book, but not then, you said it still acted as an adjective....modifying a noun.  I replied Please please please do some thinking before you write. It doesn't modify Theory.   And it doesn't, as part of the title, it's part of the title.  This is what you argued all along. That you would try to subtly modify it now is typically dishonest of you. You said that even as part of the title, it's modifying the noun Theory, that it's still acting as an adjective. It isn't.
Montalban to try and get back on the subject, would you say this is a true statement?  Although people disagree on the exact definition of a species, everyone agrees that if individuals can not interbreed, or if the result of breeding produces infertile offspring, then they are different species.  If not, what would you change about that statement?   What if they can interbreed, but don't?
Blabbering incoherently as usual, it seems... Actually, I had not been reading this forum much, and only noticed that you posted in this thread recently. But I can see that you are your usual "Christian" self - the same angry malcontent that got blown away in every other thread... Do you really think you are that important that I should have noticed? Wow...  Frankly, I have no clue what you are talking about. You did, of course, oddly continue altering your claims re: Dembki's filter and my claims regarding it as it suited you. There seems to be no serious debate going on here, at least not fomr 'your side.' I have not followed this thread, so I have no idea what you are talking about here, either.  I see your penchant for projecting is still intact... No idea what you are talking about.  Goes to show how important you are to me...  No I don't think I'm so important that you should have noticed. However, if you're going to comment that I've moved on entirely, then you should check to see that you have.   That you won't even concede now that I said I was moving to other posts is astounding. Blabbering dishonesty on your part.
IN the real world, a sphere is spherical.  Must be those maths you keep talking about...  Maths is the same as math. It is the word we use in Australia, it is British English, it is used in Britain, Australia, New Zealand and other civil nations. I won't modify my form of English, which is just as valid as yours. Thus I will use words such as 'lift' instead of 'elevator' 'windscreen' instead of 'windshield'.  You evolutionaries really want to go over every single word I use, rather than argue the issues.  From Lurch and his mistaken interjection about evolutionary, to some twit saying that "Maths is not a science"    A sphere is many things. It is circular, it is round, it is spherical.
If they can interbreed but don't then I would assume you and I couldn't agree on whether it was a species or not since you seem to think only animals that can not interbreed are different species. I'm trying to find something that we can agree on so we can have a discussion. So I will ask again, if individuals can not interbreed, or if the result of breeding produces infertile offspring, then are they definitely different species?  Species is a construct where-by people, for terms of useful reference invented categories.  My understanding of the situation is that species is usually defined either of two ways;  Critters that are so far removed (in form) that they can no longer interbreed are different species. or Critters that are close in geographical sense but refrain from interbreeding, but are actually able to interbreed are different species.  I have found more evidence for the first. Not being an expert on this subject, I would lean towards it.  I am quite happy in being shown to be wrong in what my understanding of the word is; as I'm not the expert. But my main interest is trying to understand what scientists are saying when they use the word.  It seems to me that they are trying to use it to fit to Darwins Finch, and that said finch is not a good match. It seems to me experts are using a word and the example doesn't match their definition.  I actually thought you were through debating me as I got too mean.  Meanings of words seem to dominate these debates, not just by me. As you have I'm sure seen, there has been intense debate over the following words science (in relation to maths) maths (in relation to math) circle (in relation to sphere) circular (in relation to sphere) spherical (in relation to round) and evolutionary and evolutionaries and species  In each case except perhaps the last the objection or question was raised by the opposition. I hope that you're not going to begin a massive debate over definitions.
You asked me on another thread to debate you so I thought I would take one stab at it to see if we could have some intelligent dialog without it resorting to name calling. It?s not that you get mean it?s that you easily get upset.  I have seen several explanations for species given here but every time one is given you just state that scientist can?t agree on a definition so there can?t use it on Darwin?s finches. Now I know scientist don?t agree on closely related animals as to where the dividing line is between a variety and a species but there is some difference that all scientist agree is definitely a different species. Like in America we have two deserts that are called pies and cakes. There are some deserts that are somewhere between the two so that some cooks will call it a pie and other cooks will call the same thing a cake. But there are definitely cakes that every cook will agree is a cake and some pies that every cook will agree is a pie. No question about it. I?m trying to find out what YOU will accept as definitely a species, regardless of what scientist say so that we can compare that to the finches and maybe come to some conclusion that both of us can agree on. I don't want to get into a debate over definitions but things have to be defined to discuss it. Therefore I am saying up front that I will accept your definition of species, but I have to know what it is or you're just going to critize my definition.   Okay let me try this one more time and if I can?t get an answer I?ll give up and leave it alone. I?ll take a slightly different approach this time to try and get an answer. Would you consider asses and horses as definitely different species and if the answer is yes, what is it about the two that makes you think they are different species?  I don't know anything about asses and horses in a biological sense. This isn't a cop-out, I am stating beforehand that I know little of a subject you now wish to engage me in. I'd have to look them up and rely on the information given to me by a web-site. If I pick the wrong site, what I cite will be called appalling by those on your side waiting in the wings. And this will happen; SLP, Iamthetruth, WJA etc are waiting for the slightest of opportunities for this to happen. If I seem guarded or defensive then you need to see the context of this.*  The only way I can see out of this is if you give me the web-site of what you consider to be a reliable authority on it, I'll have a read of it and I'll let you know. If that is acceptable to you.  Secondly, I think you're going about this debate the wrong way. It's not about what I think is a good definition of species. It's what evolutionaries have said...  They've argued two points a) what a species is and b) that Darwin's Finch is a good example of that.  I am not arguing here that a definition of species is wrong so as to disprove Darwin. I'm arguing here that the example given is not a good example of speciation.  I wonder what you think of Lurch's point that there are more than 14 species of it? I'm sure that you have an opinion, and it's part of the debate. One time he's saying categorically that there's 14 species, earlier, he accepts that sometimes there's more.  Do you accept that any of the 'species' can cross-breed? If so, do you still think that they constitute separate species? If you don't know much about this particular bird, that's fine, what about a hypothetical bird then, that does the same thing?     *The whole argument of what kind of word 'evolutionary' is was first raised by Lurch. The whole idea that maths is not a science was raised by your fellow evolutionaries. Same with the word 'maths' or 'math' recently raised by SLP Same with the word 'sphere'. And they hammer the poster whom they think has made such an error. It is only right that I should argue back.  You need not agree with my stance, nor enter these debates but to suggest that I am overly defencive is to take things out of this very real context. I am not in an enviable position. That I am angered, is I believe justified. Sometimes that anger is misdirected.
QUOTE=Ursus maritimus]Montalban,  I will just comment on my post and your reply to it.  If you consider the use of the word "jeez" to be blasphemous, then what can I say? You are just going to have to live with it. Although I feel that people should try to take into consideration the feelings of others, there is a limit to this. Most people, I would reckon even many Christians, would consider this to be too inconsequential.  My comment on the use of certain Hebrew words in Isaiah was meant to add information to a conversation that was going on.  I'm sorry if my crack about the Church fathers was taken amiss. You do seem to rely a lot on authority for your religious beliefs, and that was merely meant to be "teasing", not an outright attempt to anger you.  Finally, I will apologize about the crack about you and Darwin's finches. That crack was wholly gratuitous, and for that I am sorry if you feel insulted by it. I will only offer, as a way of an excuse, that you, too, fall very easily into the "flame wars" that go on in your threads. Yes, I know sometimes other people attack without provocation, but when you so readily respond to insults with more insults people assume that you're enjoying this sort of exchange. At any rate, I am sorry if that very last comment was insulting.[/QUOTE]  I don't enjoy insults, that I so reply Sis one of my major failings.  Yes I over-react, but when there are such snipes from so many; Lurch, WJA, Iamthetruth, SLP et al, then I sometimes go into siege mode. Especially as they're wrong and they won't admit it. You commenting as you did, when you did, was to me coming in on the side of a number of people who were then engaged in a heavy serious of insult hurling.  If you wish to discuss the issue of a flat earth, or whatever I'd still be willing to.  I am deeply committed to Orthodox Christianity. Some people have suggested that this means I can't think for myself. One of my pet peeves are people who use the f-word, the c-word, and the name(s) of God.  I even hate it when people call me Monty, as that's not my username. Montalban is.  However having said all that I will not hesitate to apologise to you for over-reacting. I have no way of allowing you to be recompensed for this. I can only say that I am sorry, again.  Further, I do hope that you read the long response I wrote with regard to the Church and the flat-earth. It was raised as an issue to deride the church. I believe that I have positively crushed such a silly point  I also unreservedly apologise for being so late in replying.
IN the real world, a sphere is spherical.  Must be those maths you keep talking about...  You are too quick to attack me on this and it shows that you have only a American-viewpoint to discuss.  Maths is a valid English word. That it's not American and you're unaware of this does make it look rash of you to have criticised me so quickly.  If you want to actually raise an issue that you've thought-out, I'd be happy to discuss it with you.
hello montalban, I don't usually post, just read what other people are saying. The reason for this is I feel I do not know enough about either subject (I am a programming nerd) to enter into a good debate. But I did have something I would like to bring up that I read and see if you have ideas about what it means. Let us just say for example that you are right and that a circle = sphere.   Revelation 7:1 "And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree."  Isaiah 11:12 "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth."  A globe or sphere does not have four corners, for that matter neither does a circle unless you are talking about its plane, which in my opinion I think they are. It almost sounds like they are talking about the earth as a square or rectangle, again, unless they are talking about the plane of a circle. So how could they mean sphere when it actually says circle as well as having more support for it being a flat circle with those 2 passages above suggesting they meant circle? Just curious. I'm not saying a circle = sphere.  I simply suggested that a sphere can be described as circular.   Secondly, if you have a map of the world, you have four corners.  It is an expression. I might describe you as a pillar of society, this doesn't mean you're a post or a bollard.  I would, if I may, direct you to look earlier onto this thread where I rebutted Lurch's assertion that the Church has taught a flat-earth.
[QUOTE=LookaDat]Granted, but wouldn't it have been better had they used the word circular instead of circle?QUOTE]  Probably right. I should look into this more, as to what the original said.  I must recommend to you again the argument I had with Lurch earlier, about this issue.  He claimed only XXXXXX and the Church believed that the earth was flat.
This won't be much of a reply as I'm caught on the hop trying to discuss horses etc which I don't know much about.  I don't know anything about asses and horses in a biological sense. This isn't a cop-out, I am stating beforehand that I know little of a subject you now wish to engage me in. I'd have to look them up and rely on the information given to me by a web-site. If I pick the wrong site, what I cite will be called appalling by those on your side waiting in the wings. And this will happen; SLP, Iamthetruth, WJA etc are waiting for the slightest of opportunities for this to happen. If I seem guarded or defensive then you need to see the context of this.*   The only way I can see out of this is if you give me the web-site of what you consider to be a reliable authority on it, I'll have a read of it and I'll let you know. If that is acceptable to you.    I was using horses and asses as something that I think both creationist and evolutionist could agree were different species. Evolutionist would say that because there are distinct physical differences and enough genetic difference to prevent fertile offspring. I think Creationist would say that because there is so much genetic difference that the amount of "evolution" that would be required to produce them if they were the same kind from off the ark, that it would be unacceptable. In other words if evolution worked that fast, we would be seeing much more change in a single lifetime than we now see. The problem for creationist of course is that with that closely related individuals being a kind, that puts too many animals on the ark to fit. But that's a different debate.  What I was trying to establish is that I think we can agree that individuals that produce infertile offspring are different species.   People produce infertile offspring. I don't understand the connection. Wouldn't it be better that if they can't breed at all they are different species? Actually I did stumble upon some info about 8 weeks ago about horses and evolution, but I mentioned it to someone in passing. My understanding was that some rare occasions horses and donkeys can produce fertile young, unless I am getting this example mixed up between tigers and lions. Secondly, I think you're going about this debate the wrong way. It's not about what I think is a good definition of species. It's what evolutionaries have said...  They've argued two points a) what a species is and b) that Darwin's Finch is a good example of that.  I am not arguing here that a definition of species is wrong so as to disprove Darwin. I'm arguing here that the example given is not a good example of speciation.   I'm going to repeat what I have said before because I think it still applies.  I think the following would be a logical progression of living organisms diverging into different species.  1. Physical separation of groups of individuals that prevented interbreeding. 2. Different environments that produce divergent physical characteristics over time. 3. The changes result in some preference to mates based on those divergent physical characteristics. 4. Further changes that result in so much preference that groups will not interbreed without definite restraints. For example a solitary pair than cannot find a partner of their group so they interbreed. 5. Further changes that result in infertile offspring if restricted to mates. 6. Further changes that result in aborted offspring if restricted to mates. 7. Further changes that result in no interbreeding of any kind.  In Darwin's finches you can see ever phase listed above. If ANY two groups that are described as different species can be shown to not breed or produce infertile offspring, then at that point I think everyone would agree that they are different species. That is why it is a good example of speciation or the process of changing into different species.   Actually, what I've read is that the Finchs are so close, that they can interbreed because they are in fact members of the same species, showing different traits, such as within the human species; white people, black people etc. That birds would choose partners similar to themselves is also a human trait, only highlighting certain characteristics. That they can interbreed, and do, seems to show this. They are producing fertile young too.  I wonder what you think of Lurch's point that there are more than 14 species of it? I'm sure that you have an opinion, and it's part of the debate. One time he's saying categorically that there's 14 species, earlier, he accepts that sometimes there's more.   I thought Lurch did a good job in post 303 of outlining the 14 finch species as well as pointing out that some scientist divide some of the 14 species into even more species. I wasn't able to find where he said there were more but I did not have time to do a comprehensive search. That being said, I really don't care what Lurch said about the number of different species as I am not basing my argument on how many species of finch there are. I only need to show that there are at least two species to show that it is an example of speciation.   Earlier he said that there were more. If you see my reply to that post you'll see that I've quoted where he said it.  But regardless, what you said re: two species of finch that itself would not show speciation, in the sense of evolution, any more than it would show that God had created two species of Finch. Speciation is, to my understanding, the process. All we have is end-result. How that result came about is a matter for debate.  And, as I said, I am arguing that Darwin's Finch is not a good example, because no one has come up with a definitive number of species. It seems highly illogical to call it a good example, when people can't even decide how many examples constitute it.  [QUOTE=Montalban]Do you accept that any of the 'species' can cross-breed? If so, do you still think that they constitute separate species? If you don't know much about this particular bird, that's fine, what about a hypothetical bird then, that does the same thing?  I have tried to explain that I believe that individuals that can not cross-breed or that if they cross-breed they produce infertile offspring, then I believe they are different species. Beyond that I understand that scientists have different criteria for dividing different groups into species and that they disagree among themselves about what constitutes a separate species. However there is that point at which both evolutionist and creationist agree that different groups are different species.   This is not an answer, but a quote to get your opinion on it... as I don't know anything much about horses, donkeys etc.  "It is believed that the horses (horses, donkeys, and zebras) all are related because they can hybridize, and therefore they belong to a holobaramin. Additionally there is a "dog" holobaramin with monobaraminic branches for the wolves, another for the hyenas, another for the coyotes, for jackals, and more for the hundreds of pet-dog breeds. "Cats" constitute another holobaramin with monobaraminic branches for the lion and the tiger, for the pumas, another for the lynx, domestic cats, etc. (see O'Brien, 1997). A group of all the horses (equids), all the dogs (canids), and all the cats (felids) would be apobaraminic because no horse or dog or cat shares a genetic relationship with any organism which is not a horse, a dog, or a cat." http://www.creationresearch.org/crsq/articles/37/37_2/baraminology.htm   Say tell me, are you arguing just that evolution happened? (or a particular form of evoultion?) (I mean by this that some people believe that evolution happened, but it was started by God.).
Hmmm. Sounds like post hoc rationalisation to me. The Hebrew language apparently had a word for ball which would have been sufficiently accurate to describe the world, but the authors of the old testament chose to desribe it as circular. And other references in the bible are consistent with the image of a flat, circular earth.  The obvious explanation is that the writers' divine inspiration did not extend to scientific knowledge beyond that held by some nomadic iron age goatherders.   I thought you'd gone
Why should this be a problem for you. You have discussed Darwin's finches without knowing much about them. You have discussed nouns, verbs and adjectives without knowing much about them. Go ahead and pontificate about horses as you have on so many other subjects. Not knowing has never held you back before.  Hey Lurch, I'd thought you'd have the common decency to apologise, but obviously you never will. Which is your current grammatical theory this time? (You were the one to raise that objection and it backfired.) That you'd criticise me now for being honest when talking to Hank is probably because you don't respect or understand honesty. You criticise me for admitting I don't know much about a subject.  Boo hoo. Your theories on Finches is like your theory on English, it changes all the time. One moment you're saying there's more than 14, next you're certain that there are 14 only. Which argument are you going to have this time round? Not knowing about something hasn't stopped you. Hey, why don't you debate me on the 10 Commandments in Public Areas? You posted some loser comments there. I've replied, and you may have missed it. I don't remember which of you evolutionaries made the comment but one of you was amazed that in a forum I quoted ideas from differing points of view - to encourage discussion. You wouldn't have dreamt of doing anything like that. Pontificating is all you know. But I've got heaps of time for you Lurch. Heaps of time. I have admitted when I have been wrong - most recently you yourself pointed out the bad example I used re: Lurch as a verb only. I am not trying to cover this up - the fact I've mentioned it again now should show this. But it comes from the fact we're arguing from different sets of thought. You criticise religion and religious people as being unthinking and moronic. You're dishonest and unthinking and moronic. I can't wait for you, or your little gang of ban-dogs;* Iamtheruth, SLP, WJA et al to make the next official statement of the Pontificate of Ignorance. *I'd have thought that they'd have; if they were honest, disowned your flaccid arguments. See, I was wrong again!
Sorry, I made a duplicate. See post below.
hello montalban, I don't usually post, just read what other people are saying. The reason for this is I feel I do not know enough about either subject (I am a programming nerd) to enter into a good debate. But I did have something I would like to bring up that I read and see if you have ideas about what it means. Let us just say for example that you are right and that a circle = sphere.   Revelation 7:1 "And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree."  Isaiah 11:12 "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth."  A globe or sphere does not have four corners, for that matter neither does a circle unless you are talking about its plane, which in my opinion I think they are. It almost sounds like they are talking about the earth as a square or rectangle, again, unless they are talking about the plane of a circle. So how could they mean sphere when it actually says circle as well as having more support for it being a flat circle with those 2 passages above suggesting they meant circle? Just curious.  From memory someone posted an even more extensive list of Biblical quotes which seemed to support your case.  I will endeavour to find them for you if you want...  I already responded to them too :) but there were about eight or nine of them... mostly from Psalms.  I think my main rebuttal was that Psalms are by their nature songs of joy, and are therefore full of literary tools
Are you good in math?  Maths was my worst subject at school.  History and English were my better ones, and at Uni I did History and Politics as a double major. My interests have never been science-based. I have an interest in Religion, History, Law, Politics.  And as evolution has no laws, and is in principle anti-religious, that it is more a political movement (which I have debated on other posts in another forum), then I have by chance had some interest in it.  Why do you ask?   Also, you think that a finch can diverge into different finches, but would this mean that a finch might one day have gills?
Evolution like all of science is neutral on religion and the existence of God.   Not so. The Orthodox Church has said that God has done certain things. Evolution says no that's not so. They are in conflict.  There is nothing nuetral about it.  It's like if you claim you painted a picture, but a book says, no, all the paint just dripped onto the canvas, you'd say that you are not being given the credit you deserve, you are the creator, this thing didn't come about by a natural process - even if it could be shown to have happened that way.  At the risk of offending you which is not my intent, my experience has been that people who have trouble with math have trouble with logic. I'm trying to understand where you are coming from.  I believe I explained that previously. I have added more here, that evolution is not neutral as you'd wish it.  Many of the biggest names in it's pantheon have been anti-religious.  Are you assuming that logic can't be developed through other means... such as making a legal argument etc.?  With enough time and the right circumstances there is no logical or genetic reason that I know of why that could not happen.  What is enough time?  It's 3:15 pm where I'm at. What time is it where you are?  This is illogical. Unless you're assuming that I'm constantly on-line. By the time I reply it will have been meaningless information.
Hank, thank you for quoting me out of context.  Charchuk knows that I'm Orthodox.  He keeps talking about what 'the Church' believes. He told me that 'the Church' has already accepted evolution.  As he's replying to me I thought I'd remind him.  He's also been at pains to tell me about what the Pope thinks, and how I obey the Pope etc.  Either you don't know what the Orthodox Church is, like him, or you've just entered this debate half-informed.  Thank you for dropping in half-way through though just to tell me I'm wrong.
Does it ever occur to you to just state that I quoted you out of context instead of making a big deal out of it and completely ignoring my points about the subject of this thread? As you know, I don?t mind apologizing for mistakes.  Does it ever occur to you that the only person here you seem determined to criticise is me. Even on the football post my anti-NFL comments are the only one's you seem fit to respond to - no one else's.  WJA had a go at you, and you said nothing.  You've made highly suspect questions about my grasp of logic, simply because you don't understand how I don't believe in the same points as you do; they must be self-evident.
Does it ever occur to you to just state that I quoted you out of context instead of making a big deal out of it and completely ignoring my points about the subject of this thread? As you know, I don?t mind apologizing for mistakes.  Does it ever occur to you that the only person here you seem determined to criticise is me. Even on the football post my anti-NFL comments are the only one's you seem fit to respond to - no one else's.  WJA had a go at you, and you said nothing.  You've made highly suspect questions about my grasp of logic, simply because you don't understand how I don't believe in the same points as you do; they must be self-evident.  If you want to come into a debate in the midst of it, and I've now pointed out twice that I've had to endure a seige from evolutionaries, and you wade into, then don't be amazed if I bite.  I'll say it again, Lurch, SLP, Iamthetruth, WJA et al have been pouring over ever nuance of every word I've written. That you should wade into this and do likewise is not the best of timing.  You can call me defensive if you will. But I've actually pointed out this situation to you a number of times.
Here is your bias again being displayed. You've singled me out to comment about me being insulting. And whining too. But you only seem to be against me on this point. I have been trying to explain to you that you're comments were not welcome in the context of the current debate, but you just add more. And then complain when I say you've called me out of context.  You continually compare me to your 7 year old, but you're saying you're not being insulting.  You are sarcastic, but then call me over-sensitive if I respond.  Obviously I've just got to allow for you to be sarcastic, and I'm not allowed to react to it. You should state these rules at the beginning.  Remember if you will  Post 13 Yes I don't like American Football. This is an opinion, granted.  You are the one who directly challenged my points about NFL - by being sarcastic. I hadn't been discussing it with you at all, because you'd not been on that forum for a while, I'd gone on to discuss this issue with others, such as Madhat... or was it Crim. You can go look I was talking to them. Yes I had before addressed you, but you'd gone and you wade back into it, criticise my comments about NFL, and said Surely they don?t let people like you reproduce down-under do they?  You also misrepresented me by only listing some of the reasons I don't like NFL THEN I responded to you saying why are you being sarcastic, (steel-trap mind quip) then why are you concentrating on my comments. You think I've no right to react other than positively if you're sarcastic.  You're not interested in debate... because if I don't agree with you - you question my ability to think logically - because I don't agree with you (Logic is also studied by philosophers). You tried to widen a debate about Football to include non-Football sports such as pole-vaulting. But here if' I've tried to engage you, you say that I'm dodging the issue, or you won't debate me on anything else.  You've made backhanded comments such as I'm wrong on issues, but I'm too sensitive for you to point out my mistakes. That's not being considerate, that's being gutless - making unsubstantiated comments and then chickening out. Slinging mud to see if it sticks.  You've already told me that you'll only debate me if I answer your questions, but when I raise my own, you say you're not going to deal with these issues. I've tried to sound you out on things and then you say things like you're going to give up on me if I don't comply with your formula.  As you said in post 26 of football What I didn?t know is that someone died and made you the God of threads so that you now make the rules concerning what can be introduced into a discussion regarding a subject. You operate under different rules to what you'd expect me to.  If you're so sick of me... then why don't you stop your whining and stop debating me! You keep telling me how wonderful you've been in talking to me, oh joy. I'm sorry that I've not conformed to your high expectations.  And as to the evolutionaries I've been debating a) I expect that sort of behaviour from them, and I have responded in kind ... I'm not whining, I'm stating a fact of what's been going on... putting things into context, I have on many occasions admitted I insult back. I'm not concerned about that... I just want to know where I stand with you. b) I don't expect you to just point out my 'faults' if you are genuine - because this is what you've been doing; you should be engaging other people in equal fashion.  What I'm doing is being honest. I am stating it as I see it; I've admitted errors; I've admitted that I've responded to the evolutionaries in similar fashion. I'm not arguing any different to that.  And yes I do expect an apology for people who accuse me of being wrong. These same parties would expect the same from me. You call that 'petty' but you're quite happy for people to say I'm wrong. You're just concerned if I want such a thing rectified. That's bizarre. I have apologised when I'm wrong. They have not. But you're unconcerned with this, only if I demand it.  So, either I respond to you, as I have them, or not. You keep suggesting you want reasonable debate, and I took you for your word. Instead you keep slipping in these comments, like you just can't help yourself. I would prefer you didn't respond. I couldn't care less. But if you make a statement, then don't be surprised if I do respond. If you're sarcastic don't be so amazed I'd respond. If you put your foot in it, by quoting me out of context then equally, be prepared.  Actually I'm mistaken, as you've got something against Parcum too, even when he apologised. It seems if one party apologises you single them out for special treatment.  Perhaps your 7 year old can understand this; hypocrisy. You insult, but I'm whining if I complain. Putting LOL at the end doesn't magically mean I have to accept your XXXX.  You insult, and I'm akin to your 7 year old if I bite back.  If you can't stand the heat you get out of the kitchen!     And the post was "True Football: Which is better?" Not "Which sport is better"
Waste of electrons? Then don't respond. I will. I've admitted I'm petty and will argue if I'm right.  Now that I know that you're one of them, not a serious debater, I'll treat you accordingly.  Good grief! What a waste of electrons. Can you point to any other person on this forum that complains about the way others treat them? I?m not going to waste my time responding to all this garbage but I?ll just hit a few high points.   But you did anyway.  You don?t get to decide whether I respond to a post or not. So stating that comments are not welcome are immaterial.   Then neither do you so stop whinging that I don't answer your questions. This is why you're a hypocrite. You complain I've no right to do so, but you do - as I exampled already.  Respond all you want. But if you are going to whine about the way someone treats you instead of debating the issues, then I?m going to point it out.   Exactly, you think you've the only right to complain - that I'm over-sensitive, etc. That I can't take your sarcasm etc. You've seen that you are the sole arbiter of wisdom and you interfere without reading things.  To my knowledge there is no time requirements on posting. I have a life besides posting here and sometimes get busy. And where?s my apology. You said I didn?t respond to WJA and that?s not true. I want my apology. LOL   WJA's Post 335  Now that was funny. You have no sense of humor.   To you. I didn't find it funny. But hey, that's okay, as long as you're happy. I'm sorry that I've not been one to think you're some wit.  Yep you?re whining if you complain about how everyone treats you. No one else does that.   No. I complain about how ignoramuses such as yourself act. You felt free to tell me I'm oversensitive, illogical, like your 7 year old etc. You've been quite liberal in your assessments before, but hey, that's all just LOL isn't it.  I also came in on the way you treated Parcum. Well after he apologised you still wanted to put the boot in. But hey, he started it, didn't he... that's something you'd call 'immature' if someone else used it as an excuse, but again, one rule for you.  No you?re definitely not akin to my 7-year-old. I don?t let her whine.   I should think not. I'm sure you like having the final word with her.  As I said, I recognise that I fight fire with fire. Only you seem to think I'm the only one complaining. What do you think you've been doing? No insight into how obnoxious you are.
There's some people here who are unsure of what kind of terminology to use in discussing evolution. One was 'speciation'. Species forming, but not really becoming separate. Another term "survival of the fittest' met this response...  Post 227 "Survival of the fittest" is a poor way to think about evolution. Darwin himself never used the phrase. What Darwin said is that heritable variations lead to differential reproductive success. It is a prediction which can be, and has been, experimentally verified.  I explained...  Post 232  a) your web-site might say this, do any search on any search engine and you'll find zillions still using it. b) Show where it has been seen. c) " 1: Darwin used the term "natural selection" in his book "On the Origin of Species" but was persuaded that Spencer's phrase "survival of the fittest" was probably 'more convenient' " http://www.perceptions.couk.com/genes1.html#rst "Darwin did not believe that the environment was producing the variation within the finch populations. He correctly thought that the variation already existed and that nature just selected for the most suitable beak shape and against less useful ones. Darwin and his supporters ultimately described this process as the "survival of the fittest." This is very different from Lamarck's incorrect idea that the environment altered the shape of individuals and that these acquired changes were then inherited."* http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_2.htm** d) Darwin's experiments were with pigeon breeding. How is that related to 'natural selection'? *These are sites by evolutionaries. If they are mistaken then this is problematic with the notion of arguing with evolutionaries, because as I say, it's hard to pin them down on anything... so long as it doesn't include God, it's accepted.  What is 'survival of the species'? It is another tautology used to sound convincing. It means, the animal that will survive, survives. This is the meat of evolutionist debate, using terms that at closer inspection they're not really sure what they mean.  Suvival need not be up to the 'fittest' if this is the suggestion that the strongest survives. A weaker animal migh pass on its genes. A lucky animal might too.  So, again evolutionaries are using terms that they're not really sure about. Like 'ancestral type'. Is this a term that means, an actual ancestor, or, is it more akin to archaic i.e. not directly on the evolutionary path of any extant species?
I know you were defending my point of view - it was the truth. :)  But when faced with attack from the other side you said nothing.  That's my point. I'm the only one you seem to respond to in this post. All the evolutionaries have attacked me, and have been wrong dozens of times. They attack you, and you remain silent.  The only one you see fit to criticise is me (on this post, and the NFL one). As I said, I'd expect it from the others. I'm not complaing so much about them, as I've responded in kind... but you, you're a weird one. You seem to be nice, but then do these one-sided attacks, and then whinge if I get upset. I told you the context of the debate I'm having withe the evolutionaries, but hey, what's a few added insults from you?  From my point of view a number of people have said things to me. You've seen fit to criticise me. You've joined 'them'. You will be answered accordingly.  And being 'petty' was not what you were complaining about, you were comparing my mind to someone illogical, etc.  Petty never came into your attack.  You need not respond to 356. It is a concern of mine, that evolutionaries such as yourself throw terms around without real ideas about what they mean.
We know exactly what they mean. You?re the one that can?t comprehend the subject.  I know you don't.  My argument was there was a tautology.  Read what you said... Darwin never used the expression.  I showed you several proofs that he did. Therefore you're wrong. You don't know who uses what expression.  However, that it remains a tautology was my main point, and you didn't address it, you just tried to claim it was never used by Darwin.  It is a tautology, and therefore meaningless.
It is good of you to explain your current theory on natural selection, is this the one Darwin didn't use, or the one he did?. But speed is not all that there is. From Post 110 "How does a new species come about? "  Take for instance deer. (not dear, I'm not trying to patronise). Two big stags battle it out to see who gets the herd of females. Meanwhile a scraggly male mopes about because he's got no chance. The two deer come together and butt heads. Their antlers lock. They can't separate. They will eventually die. The lonely, cowardly, weak deer gets his chance. Survival of the cowardly and weak! Look at turtles. When dozens are born, they all scamper towards the sea. Birds walk up and down picking them off. It's not fitness, it's luck. Survival of the luckiest! Look at lions. The big pride might live in an area that is locally affected by drought. Again, survival of the luckiest. This is in fact a better representation of 'natural selection' it is meant to be totally 'blind' it's not even deciding which animals are best suited. People keep factoring in things based on their own a priori ideas of what is 'best' suited to survive. You'd think the biggest strongest male deer would be best suited to pass on its genes, so you assume that it will, and that only the biggest strongest one will produce more big strong deer. This is of course a nonsense. And when you think about this, it makes it apparent that natural selection would make it very hard for evolution to occur. Not just the chance of mutation has to be factored in. No, out of that, the chance of 'beneficial' mutation has to be considered... and then, the animal that has the beneficial genes, may not even get a chance to reproduce. A lion with some predisposition to survival in drought might not actually get to maturity to mate, to pass these genes on. It could be killed as a cub, or never be physically strong enough to compete with other rival males. Thus when a drought happens, the lions are wiped out. The chance of the right animal, having the right genes, passing the right genes on, makes evolution highly improbable.  As I understand it, ?ancestral type? is either directly on the evolutionary path or closely related to a type that is directly on the evolutionary path. It doesn?t seem that difficult to understand to me.  Many people, undereducated such as myself in the ways of science would read 'ancestral' to be an ancestor, to the point of being an actual progenitor. The real reason there is confusion about these terms is because evolutionaries themselves keep moving things around. When Archaeopteryx was first found, it was hailed as a direct 'link' now it is not seen as one. So, when you started calling it 'ancestral' that made sense in the actual meaning of the word, but now it is no longer part of a link, the term ancestral leads to natural confusion... and scientists themselves don't know where they're up to in retaliation to Archaeopteryx... you have so many competing theories.  The Archaeopteryx is a great example of scientific 'newspeak'. It is both on the line, and off the line of descent. So it should please you as it matches all of your criteria for the word, but of course, that makes it a nonsense.  An early fossil bird from the Jurassic, ca 150 mya: Archaeopteryx, Greek for "ancient wing," the link between birds and reptiles, looked like a small dinosaur with feathers preserved in fine-grained limestone."  http://www.ummz.lsa.umich.edu/birds...s/evolhist.html  Here the key word is 'link' which is a connection. Again this suggests movement, or transition, but again, when hard-pressed evolutionaries will retreat away from such a normative description and move into more vague terms such as those in..."Archaeopteryx :An Early Bird"  http://www.ucmp.berkeley.edu/diapsi...haeopteryx.html Can I draw your attention to " It is actually intermediate between the birds that we see flying around in our backyards and the predatory dinosaurs like Deinonychus." 'Intermediate' is another vague notion that also suggests between (how else did it come to have bits of one and bits of the other?) Or "It has long been accepted that Archaeopteryx was a transitional form between birds and reptiles, and that it is the earliest known bird. Lately, scientists have realized that it bears even more resemblance to its ancestors, the Maniraptora, than to modern birds; providing a strong phylogenetic link between the two groups. It is one of the most important fossils ever discovered."  No wonder so many people are confused... look at the wording around Figure 1 at  http://www.erin.gov.au/water/wetlan...rds/evolve.html  "Figure 1 Archaeopteryx an ancient ancestor of modern birds"  Is it the 'ancestor' or is it 'ancestral'? This is more clearly a case of an evolutionary statement having gone to far, because this time the meaning is perfectly clear, Archaeopteryx lead to modern birds. This is a way that evolutionaries set up a system of language that suggests that they have solved problems, when in fact they haven't.   http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_2.htm shows a figure* that suggests 'ancestral' is on the line of modern animals. There's no qualification at all...  And here is my point proven. One group of evolutionaries using the same word to mean different things. You're all dead certain that evolution is a fact, but when you closely look at what you're talking about, you're not really sure.   *The figure is not given a reference number. It sits just before the words "Darwin came to understand that any population consists of individuals that are all slightly different from one another.*"
 Were3 everything really the result of some omnipotent anthropomorphic superbeing creating ex nihilo potential "helpmeets" for the man he had just made form dust then it should be a simple matter to tell what Kind is which.   I don't think God is that boring.
I don't think God is that boring.  And if God used evolution, then why did Jesus come to us? Are we just 'lucky apes'?  What about a saviour for all animals?
What is to concede?  As usual, the obsessed malcontent can only focus on irrelevancies and minutiae.  Milton, o Milton, where art thou oh self-important non-scientist journalist?  reminder... :) Maths :)
You are assuming your personal theology is correct when it's only a belief.  I believe you'll find that a "?" at the end makes it a question, not a statement.  I was asking you and other theistic evolutionaries a question.
Reminder: irrelevant.  SLP can dish it out but can't take it.   Maths:) That's cool
But if your theology is incorrect, there is no question to answer.  It is true that the question was loaded; a question never-the-less.  So, why did Jesus come to earth? If you think we're descended from ape-like beings, why choose us to save?
 1.Have you thought about how much damage and turmoil would have been created if several meteors struck the earth.  2.They also have modern medicine to treat sick animals.  3.Are you saying there can be that much evolution in 1200 years? 4.Why do we never find dinosaur and human fossils in the same layer?  5.If 4200 years ago there was a flood that wiped out all life except the ark, and then say the South American sloth started the long trip to South America, why do we not find fossils of him along the way? 6. Evolutionary island - I&#8217;m not sure what you are talking about but I&#8217;m interested if you will explain more. 7.Most of the PhD&#8217;s that work in the field say evolution is proven by the evidence. 1. Ah yes, the turmoil, the chaos, it would have been great. I do not think the ark would have been destroyed. The reason I believe a meteor would have had to have struck is because there was a mist that for whatever reason didn't turn into rain. In order to create a raindrop, some sort of pollution is needed as a sort of seed crystal. A meteor would have provided this. (Aside from the fact that we can see fossil evidence that meteors have struck). Now according to evolutionary theory, (well one of them) a meteor was the reason there were mass extinctions. Yet as I stated before in no mass extinction was every form of life wiped out (Too bad people here don't stop debating Darwin's finches and begin debating why in the world blue-green algea which is the evolutionary ancestor of all life has managed to survive throughout the fossil record virtually unchanged while all its more fit ancestors have had to undergo many rapid changes in order to survive.) Anyway, if the ark was placed in a spot far inthe center of say what we now call Africa or Asia and the meteors struck at the edge of the plates, and finally, there were underwater rivers flowing under these plates (based on a Biblical description), then I do not believe the force would have had to be quite as hard as you think. I also do not believe the plates were just shot immediately into their current positions. Throughout the year, they moved to where they are now and then slowed to their current rates of movement. 2. Most modern medicine is derived from organic compounds - digitalis (foxglove) for the heart, asprin (willow) for almost everything. An herbalist actually told me the only difference between the natural plant medicine and the manufactured one is that modern medicine causes side effects the plant medicine didn't have (her words not mine). So yes, I believe that Noah could have treated the animals. Look at some of the wounds that "cave men" survived from. 3. According to the Bible people didn't begin dying for the first 900 years on earth. I believe that in 900 years, man can cause the complete extinction of many species. With any of the species though, there needed to be a large number of them in order to make a fossil since fossilization doesn't occur easily. So even if humans had just knocked down the dinosaurs numbers dramatically, they would not have necessarily left anymore fossils behind.  4. Since fossilization does occur under only special circumstances, and migrations after the flood would have occurred (relatively) quickly, we would not find migrating fossils. 5. Evolution has its own migrations theories (it has to or otherwise they would not be able to explain why the Hawaiian islands have plant and animal species on them). I will try to dig out some rather recent theories, but I know their experimentation on the mangrove islands is one of the experiments they use to back up their beliefs. 6.You are right, most phD's do say that evolution is proven by evidence, but even they can be stumped as long as new questions are asked of them. Regardless of their beliefs, I still only consider them to be scientists (which is why I went to my evolution teacher to get clarification on the law question).
It is interesting that this has come up. On another baord, a creationist that has a BS in electronics engineering claimed that he is a "scientist" because he has a bachelor's of SCIENCE, and that therefore, his opinions on evolution should carry as much weight as any other (real) scientist.They do what they have to to convinve themselves (and others) that their opinions actually have merit.  As I have already stated, I would not consider someone to be a scientist unless they have a phD. However, I just went to a science museum on vaction two weeks ago and they had a whole room devoted to the science of engineering. I do not agree that because you can earn a B.S. in it it makes it a science. However, they fact that MrJack pointed out that some universites consider Math to be science and some don't shows that obviously there is also a debate over this and so neither side is right. In one final concluding mark I turn to my old faithful unabridged Webster's for a defintion of science: ( I am not writing it all, you will have to trust I didn't leave out anything that could prove your point or look it up yourself and counter quote me.) 2. Any bracnh or department of systemized knowledge considered as a distinct field of observation or study. 4. A branch of study which is concerned with observation and classification of facts, esp. with the establishment (and, strictly, the quantitative formulation) of verifiable general laws, chiefly by induction (Well, there are eight, I will end there) So, although Webster is no scientist (or is he?) the point is it is kind of a pointless debate.
It's because Monty has his thinking done for him by someone else, usually a 'church father' or his bedside reading companion Fr. Rose, both of which had their thinking done for them as well. I for one, am still waiting for Monty to present some empirical evidence FOR creation instead of his usual word-play, conjecture and handwaving. Come on Monty, where is it? Evidence FOR creation?  Apparently you haven;'t read any of my posts, they begin on page 15 or 16 I believe. I am open to scientific debates on what I say. I am soley posting scientific reasons why I believe that creation could have happened. Right now Hank and I are debating the flood.
Please don't misrepresent my position, I care little for your petty argument regarding the usage of words, nor do I care for your obsession with Darwins finches, you seem to think that this is somehow important and that it in some way disproves evolutionoary theory. What I do care about is your inability to present a positive argument for the existance of a god and creation YEC, OEC or otherwise. Evidence , my dear chap, provide some good old solid EMPIRICAL data and evidence to support your somewhat wobbly position. Here's an example; There mere existance of SN1987A proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that the bible is wrong, in particular Genesis. I/we/the scientific comunity, have evidence, where is yours to show us otherwise?  What is SN1987A and how does it proves the Bible is wrong?
[QUOTE=Hank] I&#8217;m going to I think the following would be a logical progression of living organisms diverging into different species.  1. Physical separation of groups of individuals that prevented interbreeding. 2. Different environments that produce divergent physical characteristics over time. 3. The changes result in some preference to mates based on those divergent physical characteristics. 4. Further changes that result in so much preference that groups will not interbreed without definite restraints. For example a solitary pair than cannot find a partner of their group so they interbreed. 5. Further changes that result in infertile offspring if restricted to mates. 6. Further changes that result in aborted offspring if restricted to mates. 7. Further changes that result in no interbreeding of any kind.  In Darwin&#8217;s finches you can see ever phase listed above. [QUOTE] You realize this is not the way scientists see evolution? Their version is more like this: 1. Mutations occur in an organisms DNA causing different characteristics. 2. Environmental changes cause certain mutations to be eliminated because of their incompatability with the environment. Repeat steps 1 and 2 until certain mutations have been solidified and two or more of the mutations have developed selectively until they no longer interbreed with the other mutations. The environment doesn't cause the beneficial mutations it only selects which mutations will survive.
And as evolution has no laws,  I don't want to debate you since we are on the same side, but I did want to point out that the theory of evolution does use the laws of genetics to base itself on.  I also want to point out again that science does not allow God into its theories and while Hank feels this gives it a neutral stance, I agree with you that this makes all science anti-God. But it is also my assertation that science has always been this way from its beginnings in philosophy.
[QUOTE=Hank] I understand you don&#8217;t agree with me. I can&#8217;t help it if you&#8217;re poor in math, which is based on logic. What&#8217;s suspect about that? [QUOTE] You made an earlier statement along the lines of some people can only go so far in math. You also relate ones ability to do logic with math. These are stereotypes. My husband who is highly intellegent and even more logical than I am hates math with a passion. I have pursued math up to the calculus level and although I consider myself very logical (I enjoy doing logic problems and cryptology for fun) I am obviously very illogical at times (because he often points this out to me although since I am illogical, I don't always believe him;-). I believe that every human has the potential from birth to become highly intellegent and posses the abilities to do math and wnything else they want to. However, everyone needs to be taught differently. Athough I love math, I think very abstractly and also love abstract art, poetry, and music. (People who learn about all the things I have done often ask, is there anything you haven't done?) So although relating math to logic seems logical, I think it is unfair of you to make the statement that someone who has not done well in math does not think as logically as someone else. A better statement in my mind is that someone who has not done well in math (and enjoyed it) has not been taught properly.
[QUOTE=iamthetruth]  The modern theory of evolution has undergone 140 years of testing. It is now so well established that its veracity and robustness are accepted as fact by the overwhelming majority of scientists in this country and around the world. In the scientific community, the unanswered questions concern not the fact of evolution but rather the mechanisms by which evolution operates&#8230; QUOTE] Good statement. The modern theory of evolution has undergone 140 of changes. That is why it is called the modern theory of evolution, and in another 140 years it will be completely different from our modern theory of evolution. As soon as new evidence is presented that challenges it the theory changes.
 Why aren't the species divided into seperate, immutable, easily distinguished "kinds"? What's the creationist explanation? Actually the word translated "kind" can also mean genus. That would mean that God allowed for speciation. Now if you can show me instances where members of different genuses have interbred and produced offspring then you would easily disprove current evolutionary theory and the Bible.
According to the creationists' textbook, He is as far as 'creating' helpmeets goes. Unless you are so oversexed that people no longer interest you, I don't see how you can say that the diversity offered within the human race is boring. The Bible never says that genetic mutations do not occur, and that everyone should have brown hair and brown eyes and be 5'6" tall.
 Or it could be as I believe, that we are to the point where we are evolving a soul/spirit as well as a body. . But animals have no sense of right and wrong. No sense of guilt. What is the evolutionary benefit of guilt which has actually been proven to shorten our lifespan?
Indeed. One should wonder then why so many creationists expend so much energy insisting that they are scientists or that thier sources are... I am all for creationists forming their own branch of discovering things and not call it science. However, I also believe there are certain strong Christians who are able (and needed) to go to public universities and study the religion of science in an effort to keep up on its current theories and debates so that they can be refuted or at least so that a logical arguement can be presented for God. However, I have read the end of the book, and I know that I am fighting a losing battle.
SN1987A is a supernova, it's distance calculated by trigonometry means that it would take 168,000 years for light from the supernova to reach earth, therefore the age of the Earth as given by a literal interpretation of the bible cannot possibly be correct. Note this does not prove the whole bible incorrect just the narrow interpretation (rejected by the major churches) of a few people.  http://www.geocities.com/Athens/Thebes/7755/ancientproof/SN1987A.html That doesn't disprove the Bible.  God created the light and God separated the light from the darkness. This theory says (I have not visited the website so based on your explaination) that the supernova occured and we are just now seeing it so it had to exist 168,000 years ago. I am saying that if you read the Bible God could have put that supernova light in the sky partially on its way to earth. After all it says that He separated light from darkness and if He can do that, why not place it (is light a wave or does it move in packets?). By the way, you need to know at least two variables to calculate something trigonmetrically. Which two knowns do they use?
Well if your theology is wrong, he came to earth the same reason any of us did. He was born here. There may or may not be a God, but he didn't send anyone to save anyone.  But I'll go along with your question. Maybe the Bible is right in a theological sense. Maybe God evolved us to a certain point where he basically said okay you've developed enough for a soul. Then he breathed a soul into 'Adam" which could have represented a pair or a group of people.  Or it could be as I believe, that we are to the point where we are evolving a soul/spirit as well as a body.  I know there are other possibilities but those are the first three that popped into my mind.  Perhaps I should re-word my question.... Why did Jesus come to us?  My understanding of theology is that Jesus came to save us, to redeem us for the guilt caused by Adam....  So if you believe in a 'lucky ape' that evolved a soul or was granted a soul, or whatever... and you're not really answered the question... (what do you believe; just given a range of options)... when was the first sin committed? What happened for there to be a need for Jesus?
Why would God want to put the light closer to Earth apart from to give the false impression of age, if this is true then you are saying God is a liar.   In reference to the original website you sent me to: I have now been to the website, which is a perfect example that anyone can put one up. That is why I prefer scientific journals and upper level science books for references. If you visit this website and try to click on the links, which he gives as proofs backing up his numbers, all of them are unavailable except one. This one is supposed to be a link to the research of some PhD on the subject when the researcher specifically states the math as proof, however instead it takes you to an assignment for astronomy students at the University of Colorado on surprisingly enough, SN1987A (the second website you sent me to). I find it funny that if you read the background information on the star by the university it does not really correspond to what the original website said. In fact, the original website poster apparently did not do his homework. The description he gives is for that of a right triangle, which the star forms with the earth. The homework page clearly states that this is not the case and the last I checked, you can not plug right triangle trigonometric relationships into a triangle that is clearly not a right triangle. Obviously, the original poster was along the same lines as those people who can use the dimensions of the pyramids to figure out every mathematical function we have ever come up with including the days in the year. However, the homework page does goes on using the same formula used to calculate every stars distance in order to calculate this one. So I suppose if you want to you could say that since we see any starlight that it proves the Bible is wrong. You ask why would god cause the light from stars to be a at different place and assume the only logical response is if He would do this that He would be lying about the age of the earth. I assert that if some one was going to create something that was to have a purpose, it seems to me He would be sure that purpose could be used. God created stars not so that scientists could eventually determine the age of the earth but so that there would be light at night, people could use navigation at night, and so that we could figure out the seasons. If my husband takes my chef's knife and uses it to cut drywall, and it doesn't cut the drywall does that mean the people who made the knife were being deceptive? He can verify that if he did this I would not be calling the company that designed the knife and yelling at them. SN1987A has little other to offer special except that it did not behave like a neutron star that the scientists had initially expected it to become based on the data they had gathered. And it seems to me that the particles reached the ring at a slower rate than what the university professors class had originally predicted it would. I would like to know a little more about how scientists came to their deductions for measuring the distances to stars and how we have measured what the exact speed of light is. Furthermore, I would like to know what slows down a nuclear reaction in a vacuum. (Why didn&#8217;t we feel a nuclear blast here on earth from this star going to supernova?) I do not want replies or direction to websites, but if anyone knows a good book that I can read on the subjects, I would appreciate it.
I just started to post that although I believe the evidence of an old earth, we didn't have accurate enough instruments to measure that far. I was thinking of when we use the base of a triangle as the diameter of the earths circle around the sun and checked for parallax. Then I clicked on the link you posted.  That was awesome!!! I&#8217;m always amazed at the ingenuity of people. How can you be amazed by that guy when if you follow the homework website your will see his math (as well as some of his claims) is wrong? When someone is given the correct answer, they can arrive at it in many different (often wrong ways). This is why I want a book on how they have determined that intensty can measure star distance. When I was doing the actual homework page, at one point I came up with a number equivalent to 8 +\-1 If I had a variation of that much, I personally would call it a rough estimate and not an exact amount.
When God saw that one of his creatures had sufficient intelligence to comprehend various things including Himself, he talked to the guy. God gave the guy some rules. He broke one. Thus, the first sin. I find your view of God very depressing.  "Hmmm you are smart enough now to be dictated by me - don't eat from that one tree." Man sees tree. Man is curious. "How dare you disobey me! You are going to Hell!" If I didn't see God as loving and caring; a Being who set down rules for my protection and well-being as well as to give me freedom to choose; a God who like a Father may discipline me for my disoobedience, but will also offer mercy and love no matter what I do (which is how the Bible taken in its entirety portrays Him), I would be very depressed and probably even rebellous about following Him.
that's one of the verses that the church used to prosecute Galelao [sic]. I like that you use Galileo as a reference to the sins of the "Church fathers". From your statement, it is obvious you have not really read more than a few sentences about him. The Church (referring specifically to the Catholic one here) did accept what he said. Unfortunately, the other scientists at the University did not like his ideas because he was going against their basic beliefs. Sadly, enough they went to the Church, which was also the law at the time, and they presented a case against Galileo. The Church listened and told Galileo to stop publishing works on the matter, he refused and was condemned for it. The Church goes down in history as being the bad guy and science gets all the credit. I will agree that when the Church bends to the ear of scientists (as it is currently doing with evolution) it tends to go very wrong. As to the whole circle matter, you seem to all think that inspired by God it the same as dictated word for word by God. What makes the Bible unique in it&#8217;s writing is that many different people wrote it in many different ways using different styles. Isaiah received his visions from God but after he saw them, he was the one who described what he saw. So did Joshua (or his scribe). (And in the case of Joshua, we do not know if God really did prevent the earth from rotating, or if He preformed the miracle by some other means - sorry I didn't take the course on how the miracles can be scientifically proven). God did not create computers that record whatever you put into them but instead created complex individuals. I am going to try to find out if the website quoted was giving the correct words in Hebrew and will post it later if I do (not that I really want to reopen the whole can of worms on circle, circular, sphere, and ball).
[QUOTE=Priscilla2]  The modern theory of evolution has undergone 140 years of testing. It is now so well established that its veracity and robustness are accepted as fact by the overwhelming majority of scientists in this country and around the world. In the scientific community, the unanswered questions concern not the fact of evolution but rather the mechanisms by which evolution operates... QUOTE] Good statement. The modern theory of evolution has undergone 140 of changes. That is why it is called the modern theory of evolution, and in another 140 years it will be completely different from our modern theory of evolution. As soon as new evidence is presented that challenges it the theory changes.  Very good point. When I did evolution (studied under the head Pre-history) out textbook (quoted earlier) had four competing theories for the ascent of man alone. Each was 'valid' because each involved evolution, all were based on evidences, and even though three were mutually exclusive, (two were similar), they were all taught! Evolutionaries can keep a straight face as they teach things which obviously conflict with each other - their point being, as long as evolution is involved - it's OK.
SN1987A is a supernova, it's distance calculated by trigonometry means that it would take 168,000 years for light from the supernova to reach earth, therefore the age of the Earth as given by a literal interpretation of the bible cannot possibly be correct. Note this does not prove the whole bible incorrect just the narrow interpretation (rejected by the major churches) of a few people.  http://www.geocities.com/Athens/Thebes/7755/ancientproof/SN1987A.html  Are you saying that God did not create the light already in between this nova and the earth?
I understand your question montalban but you don't understand my answer. Let me see if I can make it clearer. I'm saying your understanding of theology is wrong in my view. Jesus wasn't the son of God so he didn't come for any reason. He was just a man with a great message that was way ahead of his time. But he didn't save anybody from anything. There never was a first sin so there never was a need to be saved from anything. I understand that is not what YOU believe, but it is what I believe. That's what I meant by maybe your theology is wrong. Does that explain what I am trying to say.   Got it. For you Jesus is some cool dude.
So far all of your so called arguments have been based on personal incedulity, much like our resisdent village idiot Monty. Not one single assertion made by you hase been made on the basis of fact. So why do you lie by telling us that you read scientific journals and upper level science books for references? Where are the references to your assertions?    Is there something wrong with your browser? Does it only allow you to click on creationist sites? All of the supporting links work    Reading and comprehension are clearly not your strong points. Go back and read it again, especially the bit where it explains how to apply the calculation to a tilted ring.    Projecting your failings on others that have done their homework and understand very well what it is they are talking about... How very christian of you.    Go look at the websites you lied about being inactive , they work very well and explain more than adequately how these things work.  I don't know why I bother. Your stupidity is astounding.  You're just being rude  :) Have a nice day.
I wouldn?t describe it like that. As I said, I think he was way ahead of his time. I think you are being sarcastic. LOL  I have been thinking a lot about our recent conversation and I have taken notice of how many times I use sarcasm or that it is used on me during the day. It averages about 4 times a day. Every time we all get a good laugh out of it. I?m trying to say that sarcasm is a standard part of my conversation in my personal life. I understand that it can be used to insult people, but my culture is using it for fun. Maybe were have a communication problem based on different cultures. I?m also not saying that I never use it to insult or put down something I think is ridiculous, just that normally I use it as a way of just kidding around. And this is regardless of any dictionary definition.  I am not trying to be sarcastic; but you may have perceived that I was - so I'm sorry for that. And actually reading it again, I'd say it's more akin to being facetious than sarcastic; and I don't think sarcasm's a valid form of debate... unless you're friends with the other person and you know how they will take it. I also don't mean to be putting words into your mouth - so when I call him a 'dude' I am trying to ascertain what it is that you think Jesus was doing here.... Also I don't think it's cultural. I am, as I said, highly pedantic. I try to say what I mean. Another poster on another thread has read into my posting of a question some kind of conspiracy or trap. I have said that it's not. And it's not. And you have what is to me a flippant approach.     Why'd God send him - just as a messenger/guru?  If so, then obviously as a messenger, He's failed, becuase most of us believe He's the Son of God sent here to end death.    PS  Logic is not the sole domain of science.
Priscilla this shows your misunderstanding of evolution because evolution does not work towards increasing our life span. It works towards increasing the number of genes that are reproduced. Hence, once the reproductive years are past, evolution no longer works on the individual but may work in helping offspring survive. It?s a complicated subject which I am not very knowledgeable about but have just read a few articles on. However I believe there has been some research done in this area.  Guilt is a result of our capacity for empathy with others. It could be that evolution developed other characteristics that increase our capacity of empathy during the development of our brain or it could be that it helps in survival of our offspring or it could be as I believe that God is working in our lives or a combination of all of the above.   If you believe in evolution then everything, every trait is a result.  Thus empathy can be said to help us as a species.  Whereas with some reptiles, abandoning their young (or lack of empathy) is said to help them survive.  Bugs that are brown - survival - hiding from predatours Bugs that are bright orange - surival - tricking predatours into thinking they're poisonous.  Evolution is all encompassing.
Look at the implications of what you are saying. It has been shown by geometry that the star is at least 150,000 light years from earth. According to your theory, it was created 6000 years ago, or something like that, placed 150,000 light years away from earth, then God created the light in between so we on earth could see it. But we saw the star explode. Therefore according to your theory, the star never existed. God just created the light that gives the illusion of a star 6000 light years away from us so that we would see what appears to be a star exploding today. According to this, God has created this elaborate ruse to deceive mankind into thinking the universe is very old according to the evidence. This is what would be prosecuted in our country as fraud. I realize I have no proof of this, but I always consider the God I believe in to be at least as moral as the creatures he created.  I think that the first person who raised the issue of SN1987A said that it was conclusive proof that the Bible is wrong.  You acknowledge that a possibility might exist - albeit from a deceptive God.   Therefore it is not 'proof that the Bible is wrong'.  That you should think God is deceptive is, as you say, not based on proof.  Why is it a fraud? Logically the whole of nature that you conclude to be evolved is a 'fraud' because God created it in such a manner that people can interpret it to be evolved! God, according to you, should have created things in such a manner as there could be no doubt that they were created - perhaps if we all bore a little stamp "Made by God".
monty, you seem unable to apply logic to the topic.  The measurements provided by SN1987A demonstrate that the event occurred about 160,000 years ago. A literal interpretation of the information provided in the bible, made famous by Bishop Ussher, gives an age of the universe of 6,000 years old. Do Orthodox authorities believe a different age of the earth? Therefore, one of these figures is wrong and the foundations underlying that figure are wrong.   Creationists of course assume that conventional science is wrong and dream up all sorts of scenarios to try and fit an apparently 160,000 year old event into a 6,000 year old universe. These fantasies involve either changing the laws of physics (changing speed of light etc.) or claiming that their creator created the universe whith the appearance of age and light from the instantly created stars and galaxies. This becomes a theological problem for events such as SN1987A. This would involve the creator creating light in transit which describes a false history ie. the appearance of an event 154,000 years old at the beginning of the universe. Usually this is referred to as lying. As the bible is the inspired word of god, the liar would be...  Now, what is the monty explanation for the SN1987A event?   Hank said the same thing as you... by creating the appearence of an old universe God is a liar.  Well, as I said, by 'creating the appearence of evolution' you could also claim God is a liar.... that God created things that appear to have evolved...   As you have no proof that a) God didn't create the light in transit or b) that the speed of light has always remaind the same  your two arguments fall back to your belief in no God... and a belief in things that don't need a 'God' explanation behind them, conversely, I do believe in God, and will be more willing to accept a 'God involvement' in my theories.  It is a philosophical argument, not a 'science' one.  The first person to mention SN1987A on this thread made a statement that this thing does prove the Bible wrong. You yourself acknowledge that the age of the earth isn't based 'on the Bible' but on one man's reading of the Bible. Many theistic evolutionaries don't believe in an old earth, so SN1987A does not 'prove' the Bible wrong for them, which as I said, I was addressing that person's statement.     I thank you for the lack of sarcasm in your previous post.  I am trying to give it up as it's not very 'Christian' of me.
I did not. I said I did NOT believe God is a liar.    Who are you talking about? I don't believe it is possible for anyone to believe in evolution without long periods of time for it to work.   There are two mistakes in my previous post.  I meant to say "Many theistic evolutionaries DO believe in an old earth".  And  I did not mean to misrepresent you. I misunderstood you. You seem to be saying that God is no a liar, but the Bible is... because it's giving a false representation of God's many yeared universe.
The light from SN1987A included a component from the radioactive decay of a cobalt isotope which matched the present half-life for radioactive decay of the cobalt isotope. The rate of decay is dependent on c, the speed of light. Therefore the speed of light has not changed over the last 160,000 years, whether by natural forces or act of god. Does that mean that you rely on your god creating light in transit bearing false information?  Why is it 'false' information?  It is information. Your interpretation of it is false, (or mine is). I don't think you are claiming that the information is false.  It is just as valid for me to say that God created the light in transit, with those cobalt isotopes in place too.  This is not 'false' information. It is information. You claim not to believe in God, but are prepared to gues that the motives of this God that you believe in were dark. This is, to me, a very strange standpoint. It's like me saying that 'Dragons never existed, but if they did, they must have flown around and cause great mischief'.  your two arguments fall back to your belief in no God... and a belief in things that don't need a 'God' explanation behind them, conversely, I do believe in God, and will be more willing to accept a 'God involvement' in my theories.  Yes, I've noticed your willingness to believe in your god despite self-consistent evidence to support a naturalistic explanation. Did your god tell you that he represented falsehoods by creating the light in transit for a fictional event? Is a god creating falsehoods consistent with your version of god?  This is a very interesting question. You are asking me if God told me something; the same God you don't believe exists. How could you ask me if I've been told something that is, by your own rationale, impossible?  Which theory do you hold to for the rise of Man? (which school of thought?) Obviously the others must be false (or probably false). But they are accepted by evolutionaries.   It is a philosophical argument, not a 'science' one.  No, it is argument between a self-consistent scientific explanation and your peculiar religious ideas.  My ideas are not 'peculiar'. There are more Orthodox than all but one group of Christians. Millions of non-Christians don't believe in evolution (Muslims for instance). Peculiar is a loaded choice of word that reflects your philosophical view-point; that only your view-point is correct; that is black vs. white / right vs. wrong. Millions of Hindus, pagans etc, all have theistic views on the origins of life. What is 'peculiar' about that?  Self-consistent? Is that the same as consistent? There's only one major thing consistent in evolution; lack of God - or, a naturalistic materialistic explanation for things. I've shown heaps of conflicting theories that are still 'good' evolution.  There's theories of fast evolution, slow evolution and in between - punctuated evolution. All are evolution. Some have more support than others. All are backed by well-meaning and learned people.  Which philosophical school do you adhere to?  The first person to mention SN1987A on this thread made a statement that this thing does prove the Bible wrong. You yourself acknowledge that the age of the earth isn't based 'on the Bible' but on one man's reading of the Bible.   I'm sure that Bishop Ussher and co. were sincere in their endeavours to determine the age of the earth from the information in the bible. Does this mean that the bible cannot be reliably interpreted by knowledgeable, sincere believers? Surely creationists have analysed the same bible to redo the calculations. Do creationists hold an alternative age for the universe? It would seem to be the reading of many people.  Your falsifying theory is based on the an issue that if you can find one well-meaning and learned interpretation of the Bible, found to be a mistake, then the whole thing must be called into question. Should I remind you here (or later :) ) about the various theories within evolution 'based on the evidences' that have come and gone?  There are well-meaning and learned people everywhere.   Many theistic evolutionaries don't believe in an old earth, so SN1987A does not 'prove' the Bible wrong for them, which as I said, I was addressing that person's statement.  Your subsequent correction to the above is noted. But, do you believe theistic evolutionists are correct? I think not.   You are correct. I disagree with them. I am a well-meaning and learned person :) There are many on the other side.  You seem to follow a young earth creationist doctrine, so the point above is irrelevant to your position. Does Monty have an interpretation of the bible which comes up with a universe about 12 billion years old?  That's not what I'm arguing. The argument put forward was that the discovery of this star 'disproves' the Bible. It doesn't.  I'm not arguing that the Bible says the world is 12 billion years either. I've addressed the issue that concerned me, someone's philosophical assumption that the Bible is wrong because of the discovery of this star.  Do you believe that the discovery of this star has falsified the Bible?
monty. it seems that you long for the simplicity and certainty of the dark ages and rely on "goddunit" as the explanation for any natural occurrance. I thought the orthodox churches had progressed from the dark ages but, seeing your performance, I might well be mistaken.  Your casting of red herrings does not disguise the fact that you cannot provide an alternative, theologically acceptable alternative to the scientific explanation or the option that your god is a liar. My point has been made and you have failed to refute it. If you come up with a viable option let us know, otherwise I've finished with this particular argument with you.   Ahem. It was you guy who made the claim - discovery of star = bible refuted.  I have shown that this is not the case, and as usual you don't actually state what you believe in - I asked you a direct question - so as to 'alternative views' your statement was finished several posts ago, only now you've caught up with yourself!  My point has been made and you have failed to refute it. You made errors in asserting that I'm a minority view. You've not been able to successfully falsify the Bible using this star, nor did your own suggestion - one possible man in errror = bible false.
By the way, WJA et al, I am just following your rules for debate.  I posted some time ago my pet theory on the non-evolution of language. Always, you guys objected saying that I couldn't absolutely rule out that complex language might have evolved.  Likewise, you can't possibly now begrudge me saying that the light from this star was created in transit, by God. You can't rule it out (unless you don't believe in God). Otherwise you're going to have to do the ol' prove a negative.
Actually although I?m certainly not an expert on the life of Galileo, I have read a fair amount about this interesting event.  You have read only standard anti-religious tracts. Try... http://www.facingthechallenge.org/galileo1.htm   Galileo was ordered not to teach. That was it. He wasn't ordered not to teach a particular thing. He continued to teach. And he was found guilty. He remained a steadfast Catholic his entire life.  Remember that many of the chief scientists of his time disagreed with him.
No I?m saying that interpreting the Bible as saying the earth is 6k years old is false.  Whew! I think that catches me up.   Cool.  That then should debunk the notion put forward earlier that the discovery of a particular star obilterates the Bible.   I was wondering why this particular star's discovery is used as an example, anyway. Surely, all you'd need to find is a star 8,000 light years away - surely this would show that the world's not 7,000 years old. Why that particular author decided that only now they've discovered a star that disproves the Bible is quite odd.
Excerpts from the Papal Condemnation of Galileo, June 22, 1633    Is reading from the Catholic record of the actual Papal Condemnation of Galileo reading only standard anti-religious tracts?  I?ve seen the site you linked and it is standard revisionist history as I said before. Try reading the actual trial records.    Of course they did. Who wanted to stand up to the inquisition?  Ahh.. a conspiracy theory! Cool.  I am trying to work out whether your argument is a) against the Bible b) against the Catholic Church c) other.  From the times of the ancient greeks (before Christianity) there were many scientists who believed that the world was the centre of the solar system.  The best scientists of the time continued to teach this.   You didn't cite your web-site, so I did a search on ixquick...  The first one I came too supports your anti-Church stance on said scientist but said....  "This error has more than once side to it. Not only was the Pope totally wrong about the scientific aspect, he was also in error about what the Scriptures had to say about the earth! Now don't forget that Rome demands that she has a divine right to interpret Scripture, and that she insists she is infallible when doing so! Go figure!" http://www.angelfire.com/ma/romewatch/page8.html  This site doesn't support your anti-Bible stance. So I assume you're just against the Catholic Church?
For some reason you keep replying to my post with this concept. I continue to say that as far as my thinking goes, it only falsifies the 6k year old universe theory that some people attribute to the Bible.  I am replying to you because we are in discussion. Are you not aware of this? You must be writing for the general populace then.  I acknowledge that you don't think it is a falsifying phenomena.  I am also stating that this should be noted by those who would use this star as an example that the Bible is false.  That is my point. You have stepped forward unconsciously perhaps to give yourself as an example of someone who is both theistic and a believer in an old earth.  The notion put forward by WJA and others was that this star dissolved all credibility of the Bible. You are proof that this is not so.  I thought you were following this thread. Okay up until this time, scientist only had subjective ways to check the distance to the stars. Although the evidence was very convincing, young earth creationist always argued that using spectral analysis and brightness was subject to interpretation. And because the stars were so far away, we only had instruments that would measure about 500 light years by using triangulation, which is a direct form of measurement. This star gave scientist a direct measurement that is difficult to argue against. Young earth creationist will really have to torture the evidence to explain not only the 168,000 light year distance but the fact that it shows an exploding star that happened 168,000 thousand years ago. It also verifies the spectral analysis and brightness procedure.  What is 'objective' evidence?
Montalban this is getting a little frustrating. I counted four times I have said this and there are probably more as I didn?t go back very far. Try to focus on what I am saying.  THIS FALSIFIES THE THEORY THAT THE BIBLE TEACHES THE UNIVERSE IS ONLY 6K YEARS OLD.  I?m not arguing against the Bible. I?m not arguing against the Catholic Church. I am arguing against using the Bible as a science book. And this proves it shouldn?t be done.  Okay, if you're not anti-Bible, nor anti-Church...  Why bring up Galileo?  All you can achieve (at best; and your evidence against the Church is flimsy) is that one interpretation of the Bible was false?  So what?
Why do you think I am unconscious when I post that?  I don't think it was your intent to enter the debate on my side on this point.  This is only proof that I don't believe that. But please reply to them, not me, and let them defend their statements.  I have responded to them. You seem to write things that suggest you're uncertain about the terms you use. (see below)  Well look it up in a dictionary. Why are you asking me?  You seem to think that you now have it, in regards to this star, whereas before, it was all guess-work.  It is unclear if you meant to suggest this at all. You are in fact unconsciously providing me with more ammunition for my debates.
Sad how readily intelligent humans can be buffloed by ancient mythology... Sad how people who allude to being intellegent call everything the Bible says mythology, when PhD historians from state universities admit there is more history than "mythology" in the Bible. I suppose you still believe that Homer only wrote myths and Troy never existed also?
First, I personally never said the speed of light has changed over the years. I simply asked for a book that could explain to me how we can calculate the speed of something that moves 186,000 m/s. Especially since nothing else moves this fast. If no one can provide me with a book, I will look it up and figure it out myself. I have no doubt the scientists have some logical explaination. Second, it is easy for Biblical scholars to have different ages for the earth simply because years and dates are not recorded all throught the books of the Bble. Scholars guess based on undated geneologies (i.e.well that person couldn't have lived more than 160 years so...) The book of Judges, though, is completely undated and so are various other parts of the Bible. We don't even know really how many years were between Isaac and Joseph and that all lies in Genesis.
Why is it a fraud? Well because if the earth is 6000 years old, then God gave evidence that it is a lot older. What&#8217;s so difficult about understanding that? 2. how about just simply having &#8216;kinds&#8217; with completely different DNA that is not even remotely similar to other &#8216;kinds&#8217; and that never changes. And that&#8217;s only one simple thing. That would be a little stamp &#8220;Poofed by God&#8221;. 1.I know you don't believe this, but just work with me a minute Hank and for one second believe the enitire Bible is true. If that is the case, then all the prophesies of the O.T. predicted the Messiah would come to save us from our sins. Jesus not only walked a blameless life to be the sacrifice for our sins, but He also did an uncountable amount of miracles to prove to those around Him that He was the Messiah and He was the Son of God. All those people had the same scriptures. They studied them and believed them without a doubt, yet even though they proved that Jesus was the one waited for, none of them could see even after He rose again. Even Paul couldn't see until Jesus finally appeared to Him. Now God gives us the Bible which basically answers the most important things about how we can better serve Him. Keep in mind that the Bible clearly states that God wants to save as much of His creation as possible, but scientists have figured out how old the earth should be in their eyes which is insignificant in Gods eyes since He already knows, and they say that God is wrong because their calculations do not add up to His. The Sanhedrin thought it had everything figured out too and that Jesus was not who He claimed to be. Scientists admit they can make errors and their theories change to reflect any errors they detect. Because even scientists spend many hours arguing over how many billions of years old things are, I find it as difficult to accept their ages based on whatever, as you and the others here find my method just as difficult to accept.  2. If I am remembering all my genetics correctly, all DNA has to be similar in some way shape or form. The nucleotides form just the right amount of base pairs to code for all the things our cells need. The furthest difference you can find in DNA is between the circular bacterial DNA and our own paired version. In my opinion (based on what I know of genetics) God could not have created DNA any differently because no other chemicals would have allowed it to work correctly.
I believe that people with low IQ's can be taught to do well in math simply because of the work of Maria Montessori. She only worked with those who were in the low IQ range and since they all did well, that is where I get my statement about learning styles. I have also worked with children who have severe learning disablilites such as autism and very server developmental problems. While some could not physically meet up with learning demands, all of them showed a marked increase in development after the proper kind of therapy. As to the man you worked with, he seems to have gone his whole life not learning abstract thought (not logic). Their are six different levels of learning in Blooms taxonomy and within each of these is four subcatagories. There are quite a few steps of learning between remember and create and in order to get him up on the create level you would have had to start by teaching him the next step, but it is impossible for people to jump from step one to six without going in between. I am working with a girl right now who should be at a sixth grade level and so far had only learned how to remember. She also learns best through kinetic and auditory stimulus which makes things very difficult. However, I have manged thus far to get her from a third grade level to a fourth grade level and am working on getting her to think at higher levels. I will let you know if my experiment turns out a failure (if I still write here when I have finished with her). True you may never write a novel, but you dream at night, so I assume you have some sort of imagination. Do not sell yourself short, you may at least write a manual on training engineers someday:-).
 That is quite wrong. Galileo was not the first person to believe that the earth rotated around the sun. It was called the geocentric (Copernican) theory. The first attacks against Galileo came from a Dominican friar and professor of history and the notion that it was the fault of &#8216;scientist&#8217; influencing the church is a fairly recent distortion of the facts to try and excuse the behavior of the church.  It is not a scientific book and trying to use it as such only degrades the real value of this important work. I thought you stated that you would not use miracles for explanations of physical events. Miracles can not be scientifically proven simply because they are supernatural with is outside the realm of science. Once again I use Encarta, I am planning to read a book entitled Galileo in the future, but I haven't gotten to it yet. I know that he was not the first, however, the members at the university were the ones who didn't approve of the idea, and they went to the bishop. Perhaps Encarta has been corrupted by the Catholic church. I find it odd that Galileo recanted, yet Joan of Arc (in the end) did not.  I never claim that the Bible is scientific, how ever I do say it is a historical document and the majority of the events within it can be proven to have happened through other sources. I do not use miracles for explanations of physical events. I merely stated that I did not take a class in it. At the state university which I attended, my developmental biology teacher considered herself to be a Christian who believed in evolution. Since I was the only student in the class who held to my beliefs not only was I laughed at, but she felt that she needed to take me under her wing and convince me differently. Nothing much came of our talks except that she at one point she informed me of this class which was offered that used science to prove the miracles of Jesus. It is not what you think, but more of a Jesus walked on a sand bar not the water/ God created the world in 6 theoretical days sort of thing. That is why it never interested me, but obviously some scientist had to sit down and figure out enough of it to fill a class, so I know there are scientific explainations for some of the miracles.  HOwever, when you deal with creation and the age of the earth, if you are going to combat it with the way science dates the earth, I will use a way that both the Bible can be right and science can be right. This is why I see nothing wrong with believe that God can create starlight without stars simply for our enjoyment. Someone may ask, although they haven't yet, why didn't he just make them closer to the earth? For some reaon I personally would find this more logical than "if God did that He would be a liar". since God didn't say starlight has to be so old because you can calculate the speed of light in thus and such away, and then use that to figure out the age of the earth, I don't see Him as being a liar.
Well if you want to present evidence that the church could not accurately chronicle their own trials then I&#8217;m open to reviewing that evidence. The actual question is not whether or not the Catholics recorded the trial correctly. The question is who brought it to the attention of the church that this man needed to be warned about his manner of thinking. He was specifically warned by the Church not to publish anything. His guilt lie in that he published the Cop. Theo. after he was forbidden to by the church. No one is debating whether the church tried him and found him guilty. There reasons for finding him guilty were of course because he obviously did something against the Bible (they were the state church; they had to find a religious reason).
So I can't ask questions now?   You'll find many people will post, when they have nothing to say.  This same person believes that because I follow a particular teaching, that I'm not able to think for myself - of course not realising that he too, follows others - unless every single thing he believes is unique to him.  Yes, when you've got nothing to say... resort to attacking the person.
Therein lies the problem, you have beliefs and 2000yrs of church tradition and I have knowledge based on science, fact and empirical data. Your church traditions are just that, traditions. It doesn't make them right. Just because you do something the same way over and over again doesn't make it right. "We always do it this way" is a common refrain. "why do you do it this way? I don't know it's just the way we do it" is not really a good explanation now is it and that Monty ,is really all you are doing, just following the crowd. Your bleatings and whinging about the minutae and details of evolution are pathetic. Facts Monty, where are they. Don't try to side step the issue by saying you offered them, you never did. Your church fathers are as ignorant about science and evolution as you are and it seems, want to be. Facts. where are they? I've got them, where are yours.   Another way to look at it might be - 2,000 years of tradition - why abandon it on whimsical ideas - such as evolution which has 'facts' different now to the ones it had 20 years ago, 100 years ago, 120 years ago. You've got facts, and in the future, you'll have others too. So what?  It seems a bit silly to me if someone will attack my viewpoint and defend their own, and then in some years their viewpoint will be different.  "Oh, sure" you'll say, "We taught then that the world was 'x' years old, but now it's 'y'." "Oh, sure... we ridiculed you before for not believing in slow evolution, but now, we don't believe it either - it's punctuated evolution (and in a few decades it might be something different).  Yes, don't let your facts get in the way.
Atheism vs. Creationism-- what are all of your thoughts? I follow atheism. Creationism is too improbable for me; any thoughts? I follow creation because atheism is very improbable for me. Human beings are the most outstanding technological Achievement ever to walk the earth so they needed to be designed and built by someone very very clever.
Just because we are so amazingly complex does not necessarily mean that we have to be created by some omnipotent creator. Can human beings design and build something as amazing as a human being? It is my belief and that of the scientific community, too, that we evolved from apes. I do realise your cute belief, but it's not very convincing. It is more probable to me that we came from apes and monkeys than from Adam and Eve. Do you believe that humans must of come from two original parents? Do you really believe that there were two people, in the Garden of Eden, and that this God character made Eve from Adam's rib? How can you make a person from a rib? Er. The same way you can recreate someone from a single strand of D/N/A "Well God can!" Is the eager answer that I usually get to this question. But how would you? Who's God? Is there any way to make a person out of a rib? I mean, it sounds like a fairy tale to me. So would genetic enhancement 100 years ago! Peace,
Then who would create this very very clever being? In that case there has to be someone even more clever. Or maybe it really was god that envolved from the apes. ;) I think you need to answer the same question I asked the other guy, who is God?
I think that deciding on what is amazing is relative. Have we built machines equally amazing to or more incredible than humans? Of course! We have built particle accelerators, jets, airplanes, computers, toasters, and all of OUR other little creations. Thats a good point! but can we build the less impressive thing i,e. a human being?  Or can we build something more simple like a cat? May I ask what you mean when you say Who is God? Well you seemed to jump to a conclusion about who God was, not what he really is! Currently I'm under the impression that you are a Christian, unless I am mistaken. Yes you are correct.
I think what people have been trying to say with the complexity thing is Intelligent Design theory. When we look at a building, we say that it was designed and built. Why? Why could it not have just risen out of the ground one day or even come together from a large pile of bricks? Have we met the designer? No, but we believe that he exists.  Here's something kind of related to the topic. A physicist estimates the probability of God existing at 2:1 (67% chance of existing). The book is due out sometime in the Fall. I for one am curious as to how he did that, though I believe it has something to do with probabilities of evolution, of prophesy fulfillment, and such.
Creation proposes supernatural origins of life, So does evolution.  misunderstanding by the religious that evolution somehow relates to the big bang and neccessarily is inclusive of abiogenesis. See, heres my point. Evolution somehow deals with life that just appeared there by some unknown reason, sounds mystical to me! or what was it you said? ah yes, supernatural. emoticon_confused
I was refering to the very, very clever someone you mentioned in your first post. Now you need to answer my question. Where did he/she/it came from? Where exactly did he have to come from to be able to qualify for the design and construction of man? You cannot ask a question in place of the question that i asked you first! That goes against the rules of proper debate!!! Your question is the classic evolutionary way out of a difficult situation which is the incapability of being able to answer the simply question; If intelligent Human Beings cannot design and build something as simple as a cat then how should anyone in their right mind believe you when you say that they were built by something less intelligent like evolution, a dumb cause with no control or thought pattern. It just all sounds very illogical to me. If an intelligence can't make one, then how can something less intelligent?
Symbiote, Excuse me? I just provided an accurate definition of evolution, which you will find in several biology textbooks, and it says nothing about "origins of life" at all.    Yes Evolution deals with life and does not claim to suppose how it got there. Supernatural? Natural? It doesn't matter. Evolution occurs whether man and everything else was God-created or not. I think our conversation is rolling around all over the place. Can you define your belief for me?  Do you believe in an intelligent designer of life, whether origins or after or what. I'm confused? It always amuses me how atheists seperate their beliefs into cute little sections so as not to have to admit that life was designed.
Hey, do you think that you could tone down your disdain a bit? What do you think is so cute and amusing about atheism? Also, evolution has no intelligence- it is not a living thing! It is a process. You seem to have all of the answers, Richard, so tell me, how was life created? Why are you so sure of that? I'd love to hear it. Thanks Ah! these kind of debates are boring!!!!!!!! Can you answer my original question or not????? Can a dumb cause create what an intelligence can't even begin to mimic?
I simply tried to explain to you that if you make the assumtion that intelligent beings can only be created by more intelligent beings that means you make a pyramid with more and more intelligent beings that create each other. It doesn't make sense. Explain exactly how this detracts from the fact that we must have been created by someone????????
Everyone with no logic,  Did you realise that you are saying that the most advanced machines ever to walk the earth had no designer, no builder, no one thought through how we were going to work, Can you show me a piece of machinary created by man that can do this all by itself? This is assumng that you agree that Human machines are the ultimate technological advancement, or do you belittle us like most atheists????
You're right on that one. It would seem that we always keep looking up; it amazes me to think that people simply cannot consider the opposite, that we DEVELOPED AND EVOLVED into this current state.  I would accept it if you showed me how. Have you ever asked how it happened or do you take it for granted that it's the truth?
For one, if these debates are so boring, what are you doing here in the first place? I meant the ignoring of questions on your part.  And if you'll allow another question, what do you mean a "dumb cause"? Evolution is not dumb; as I have already told you, it does not live nor does it does not posess any sort of intelligence. did you realise that you've just contradicted yourself in the same sentence???  Your thought that evolution is some sort of entity in the sky that watches over us is foolish and wrong. I never said it was!!![/QUOTE]  It is the process by which our ancestors have grown and developed and by which we change and grow, Prove it!!!  also. So your question about a "dumb cause" creating what an intelligence can't even begin to mimic does not make any sense. Let me explain Humans can't build an artificial intelligence yet we are intelligent ourselves, so how can somthing less intelligent namly your religion of evolution build it???  If I am correct in assuming that you mean how could just an evolutionary process that created such intelligent beings as ourselves make us unable to create less complex creatures, then maybe we have reached an agreement. Youv'e lost me!  Have you looked at a cat? Have you ever tried to "build" a cat? Do you realize how insanely complex that would be? You seem to think that we are the only extremely complex creatures; a cat is also equally complex. It is not a matter of finding a suitable head, body, and tail and the liberally distributing fur over it. That's why cats create cats; it's what they're there for. Oh how you miss the point so much!!!  Ive rambled on enough. Yep! any chance of a sound rebuttal?
Symbiote, enoreno2292, Does your refutation of evolution consist entirely of remaining purposefully ignorant of what it is?  I know what evolution is! I used to belong to your church but left when I realised that it's logically implausible.  When you attack evolution on the basis of God created life, you are not demonstrating your faith, you are demonstrating your anti-science caveman mentality. You haven't heard my scientific theory yet, so how do you come to that conclusion? BTW the Theory of Evolution is not a scientific theory it's a big guess.  Hey how about we go out for steak sometime, and you can tell me evolution doesn't exist while we eat a cow bred for meat. What does eating meat have to do with evolution? or have they brainwashed you to such an extent that you think they're connected? Prove evolution? That's kinda the trick. Until you can just get off of your I'm-better than everyone else thing here, we are going nowhere fast. I was just following the style of debate that I thought you were accustomed to Indicated by your reply to my very first post which was; I mean, it sounds like a fairy tale to me. Did you think that your beliefs are more provable than mine? Religion of evolution? What on earth are you talking about? You are really starting to upset me here, which I'm sure that you really care about. Evolution is NOT, and I repeat, NOT a religion. Technically it is because you are a devout follower of a belief that has no proof, it doesn't even have any real evidence or logic so yes the religion of evolution will go down in history as the stand up comedy of all beliefs.  It is a scientific theory. Since when? It doesn't follow the scientific method of how to formulate a theory like  atomic theory, heliocentric theory, plate tectonics or thermodynamics, it's pure guess work.
Synbiote's definition seems to be fairly accurate. Although I am not certain that Darwin would agree, but it is acceptable. Given his definition, and I think most reasonable people can agree on it, then the better question which the original poster wanted to debate seems to center on the origins of life.  So to that end:  emoreno: You think the garden of eden story is fanciful? I would consider it fanciful to think that out of the ooze, the right atoms combined in the right proportions to make the right chemicals in a solution that also happened to combine with the correct atoms in the correct proportions infused with the correct ammount of energy so as to provide the right impetus without destroying. All of this happened accidentally. However, lets go further.  All of this happened on earth. The earth had to come from somewhere. The big bang perhaps? But where did that matter come from? Well, some alternate dimension? where did that come from?   No. None of this sounds at all fanciful.
Synbiote's definition seems to be fairly accurate. Although I am not certain that Darwin would agree, but it is acceptable. Given his definition, and I think most reasonable people can agree on it, then the better question which the original poster wanted to debate seems to center on the origins of life.  So to that end:  emoreno: You think the garden of eden story is fanciful? I would consider it fanciful to think that out of the ooze, the right atoms combined in the right proportions to make the right chemicals in a solution that also happened to combine with the correct atoms in the correct proportions infused with the correct ammount of energy so as to provide the right impetus without destroying. All of this happened accidentally. However, lets go further.  All of this happened on earth. The earth had to come from somewhere. The big bang perhaps? But where did that matter come from? Well, some alternate dimension? where did that come from?   No. None of this sounds at all fanciful. E,F, can you excuse me while I pick my self up off the floor, I must have passed out, does this mean that we actually agree on something???
Emoremo2292  Wow. You are one strange man. You're whole hypothesis on evolution being a "church" and being a religion shows how little you really know about it. Do you understand just how much of your beliefs I do know? I used to believe the same thing once upon a time, but it didn't take me long to realise the whole 'story' belongs in a children's book rather that a science lab.  It is a scientific theory, by the way, which has been proven so many times in such a wide field of experimentation that you have to refuse point-blank to disbelieve it. I think they're lying to you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You are a very odd man. explain, why does this statement belong in adult debate?  Do you realize you just contradicted yourself in the same sentence here? "The Theory of Evolution is... [just] a big guess." To call it the 'Theory of evolution' is too much, it makes it sound like a science. I prefer the 'guess of evolution'. You refuse to see the proof, and because of that you are totally and utterly unreachable. Please refer me to the post where you produced your proof! I've looked but all I have found is your personal and childish attacks. Grow up!!!!!  Oh, and when have we not had to guess about scientific theories in the first place? THat's why they're theories! So that they later can be proven! I don't know what planet you live on, but it sure as hell isn't earth. Evolution is a theory, straight enough. Either you need to spend more time on your posts or you are forgetting what you have just said. You've said it has proof, but now you say it is a theory, what is it my good man?  And it has mountains of evidence supporting it. Are you blind? I must be coz I've not seen any! From you or from any reliable or calm, self-controlled source. Calm down. I'm quetioning your quaint beliefs not raping your mother!!!  I surmise that your conclusions, however incorrect and idiotic that they may be, are based purely on faith in your religion of Christianity instead of looking at the world in front of you. Where have you gone off to now. I never said anythig about Christianity. I saying that life must have been designed by someone, it's too far passed our own knowledge to have been made by somthing less intelligent naml[PHP]y your odd theory.   Sigma,  You're right in that religions have no real evidence or logic   Evolution has evidence and logic. As I've just said to enoremo 'I've not seen any, only arrogance.  The example with the meat is a reference to the fact that on a basic level evolution is all about the fact that species *change*, as when cows are bred for certain characteristics. That's a proven fact that is in practice today. Correct! But selecting the best cow does not mean that you will end up with a elephant in a few million years. Does it??  XeoX,  You don't get it do you? Obviously!!!  There is nothing that say that we must have been created by someone. Oh, yes there is! And it's starring you in the face!!!  As said, evolution is in progress this very day. It's very much more proven then, for example, the atomic theory. Sorry because I'm so naïve I must have missed it! Can you show me?  Raisethefist,  so the creationists among us seem to be saying that there is no proof for evolution, am i right? That's why it's called a theory is it not???? Well, other than the facts of fossils, These prove that there was life before your almighty wisdom came about, Your point being???  DNA similarities, How does this prove evolution?  carbon dating of remains etc. So they're old, how does it prove evoultion? But it seems to me that there is quite a bit less proof for the existence of God... This does not follow proper rules of debate, try harder.  Hmm a book written by people 2000 years ago? Well thats definitely fact, rather than a work of 'fiction'. And how long ago was the world really 'created', 20 million years or there abouts. What was happening in those years between then and the time of Jesus? Maybe God was asleep. If he does sleep... hmmmm Or maybe, he doesnt exist.... Now you have really shown me that you have no case! Anyone out there who's knows how to debate???????????????????????????????????????
E,F, can you excuse me while I pick my self up off the floor, I must have passed out, does this mean that we actually agree on something???  I think there is probably much we agree on. I have found JW's to be very devoted to God and actually admire that. Our theology disagrees at some, for me, crucial points.  However, in answer to your question, yes we agree.
ok wait, its a lot easier for you to ask question of our argument than to answer them of yours. Please Richard explain where the evidence for your view comes from.   you say: "There is nothing that say that we must have been created by someone.   Oh, yes there is! And it's starring you in the face!!!"  please explain to me what is staring me in the face, I seem to have missed it.  MaY I attempt an answer or would you rather wait to hear from Richard, since you directed the question to him.
 Please Richard explain where the evidence for your view comes from.  please explain to me what is staring me in the face, I seem to have missed it. Raisethefist,  I have kind of answered this before, but let me relay it to you. It is simply, Human beings are the most advanced machines ever to walk the earth, we are the absolute hight of technological achievement, we have self-conscience, can talk, hear, listen, laugh, cry we even have the intellectual capability of producing our own technology we are unmatchable by human science, no group of humans can build something as amazing as us. Now what you believe is that we came from something less intelligent namely a un-thinking cause, which I find absolutely 100% foolish to believe, it is not logical in the slightest.  How can an intelligent species not be able to build what an un-intelligence was supposed to create it doesn't make sense.
ok wait, its a lot easier for you to ask question of our argument than to answer them of yours. Please Richard explain where the evidence for your view comes from.   you say: "There is nothing that say that we must have been created by someone.   Oh, yes there is! And it's starring you in the face!!!"  please explain to me what is staring me in the face, I seem to have missed it.  RTF: There is great order in the structure of the living. Unbelievable order. You use evolution as a logical argument. Natural selection certainly has logical validity provided your assumptions concerning it are correct. Provided that the rise of humans came as a result of natural selection. It is certainly a logical hypothesis, but this does nothing to make it valid. For logic to be useful it must be based on correct assumptions.  The universe tends towards chaos, not order. Things do not assemble by themselves, they fall apart. The issue really is not one of natural selection, but rather where did the matter come from in the first place. How did the order begin. The point I was making in post time stamped today at 8:30 am is that the idea of the origins of things accidentally devolping by shear luck in a universe that tends toward disorder (corollary to entropy) is as fanciful as believing the bible.  What's more (and this is really the only "proof" anyone CAN give) believing the bible and living out of faith in God has made a huge impact on my life. I cannot give proof of God's existence. Not anymore than you can give proof of the origins of the universe.
Raisethefist, And the fact that something even greater than us, i.e. all powerful and all-knowing exists is logical? Religious doctrine is no part of this debate!  If we had to be created by a higher being namely God, where did God come from? Religious doctrine is no part of this debate!  Secondly natural selection is actually a logical 'theory':  1) mutations do occur correct, but that's not evolution. Mutations are weak and normally die before reproduction. 2)if these mutations are advantageous then they are inherited They never have been, there weak and have poor genetics. 3) eventually the whole population has this mutation and has evolved Now there's a leap of faith if ever I saw one.  if every other part of the body can 'evolve' why not the brain. So if I left my Pentium 4 processor outside for some natural weather to mould it, when I go back it will be a Pentium 6?   And why did dinosaurs exist before human beings? Did God want to experiment with making life before making something as important as us?  If so is God actually infallible... Dinosaurs had an intelligent designer!  A different question, do you believe neanderthal man existed? If he did he wasn't very successful was he? Does he have any fossil remains for us to look at?
RaiseTheFist, As i'm feeling in a logical mood tonight, imagine a car driver that made thousends of bad mistakes for every good one! would you ride with him? Thats how logical your mutations are!
That was logical.  ? emoticon_confused ????????????????  Could you be more specific. What does the word "that" refer to. Are you agreeing or arguing?
e,f, as were both agreeing for a change read psalm 139:14-16 tell me what you think.
e,f, as were both agreeing for a change read psalm 139:14-16 tell me what you think.  I see david praising God because God created him and knew of him and ordained the days david would encounter before even time existed.
I see david praising God because God created him and knew of him and ordained the days david would encounter before even time existed. I thought it was quite apt for this thread. The absolute Genius in all creation is awe inspiring. Kind of puts us in our place doesn't it?
As I have kind of hinted to before, your argument that intelligence has to be created by intelligence does not make sense. It's not logical, Do you think that there is an end to knowledge? I mean can you theoretically know everything? since it would mean the creator had to be created in turn and that would say that there is an infinite number of creators. That's the result of your theory. And that's why it's not valid. It does not seem viable to me that something less intelligent that us can create something we can't. Does it to you?? Nil logic. Can you accept this line of thinking: 1, Creatures thrive. Yes. 2, Some creatures are born smarter than others. Yes 3, The smarter creatures are better at surviving. If you mean intelligent creatures like us than yes I agree. However animals are instinct based machines. 4, More smart creatures then dumb creatures survive. Animals run on instinct, not wisdom in themselves. 5, The offspring of the smart creatures are often smart too. Correct! But still instinctively. Result: In time the species are, as a whole, becoming smarter. Some animals can learn new things I agree, but all of them are unaware of their own existence and run solely on instinct passed from the parents which is unchangeable.  Let me repeat your list with questions of my own thereafter.   1, Creatures thrive. Where? And under what circumstances?  2, Some creatures are born smarter than others. Explain, how an unborn animal can be smarter that it's parents before it is born? 3, The smarter creatures are better at surviving. Are you saying they are intelligent? 4, More smart creatures then dumb creatures survive. Again, what do you mean smart? 5, The offspring of the smart creatures are often smart too. This would be simple genetics would it not? Result: In time the species are, as a whole, becoming smarter. What is teaching them? And how does this become ingrained into genetic code????? This is the question?????
this is one of creationists favorite questions, based on your above logic... how come the neantherthals all died out and cockroaches thrive? That's because cockroaches have a higher intelligence!!!!! LOL LOL LOL
As I have kind of hinted to before, your argument that intelligence has to be created by intelligence does not make sense. It's not logical, since it would mean the creator had to be created in turn and that would say that there is an infinite number of creators. That's the result of your theory. And that's why it's not valid. Can you accept this line of thinking: 1, Creatures thrive. 2, Some creatures are born smarter than others. 3, The smarter creatures are better at surviving. 4, More smart creatures then dumb creatures survive. 5, The offspring of the smart creatures are often smart too. Result: In time the species are, as a whole, becoming smarter.  Actually, what you say about creatures still doesn't get to the origins of things. Whether it is God or the Universe, something  must have been self existent. Now we know the universe came into being. Something akin to the big bang at least. Could it have come from nothingness? There is no evidence to the contrary as far as I can tell. If we say it came from something else, that is when we get into the something else, and still something else cascade you describe. If we say it came from nothing, and that the entire framework was cast from nothing then you have something.   In fact Steven Hawking states that the evidence points to a universe that is either infinite and bounded or finite without a boundary.  Something from nothing, transcendant yet immenent, these are and have been for centuries a description of the creator.   Now, I recognize that none of this is evidence and is all conjecture. As I said before, I cannot prove God exists and neither can you prove that he doesn't or that the universe is self existent (in fact there is evidence to the contrary that the universe is self existent).
Mutations my friend. Beneficial mutations. The example was of some sort of 'generic creature'.  You see my point evolutionary theory is so vague it can't be taken seriously. The question of selfawareness is an interesting one. At what point does an animal goes from instinct to selfawareness? I don't know, but I'm sure it can happen. Stating your belief doesn't give it anymore credence than me stating mine. And how come the cockroaches thrive? Come on, they are nearly unkillable, they produce millions of offspring and they can survive nearly anywhere. Question; If we evolved from green algae than why is it still here today?  When does human technological advancement start being 'life' and evolvable? Life is all superior mechanical advancement. beyond our comprehension. (perhaps thats why we try to explain it away)  My scientific theory will always be so much more logical than evolution.      I know. My post was directed more to Richard and his blatant refusal of the evolutionary theory.  I used to believe it until it fell at the first fence. Logicallity.
 I know. My post was directed more to Richard and his blatant refusal of the evolutionary theory. I don't know how the universe came into being, I don't know how life first came into being and I'm sure we will never know for sure either. But I find no reason to belive god would have created anything or indeed exist at all.  So then, do you just ignore this particular item in your thinking? Or do you have a hypothesis. You say there is no evidence for God. There is evidence, just not proof. I think you would agree with that.  There is evidence to the contrary. Just not proof. Which do you subscribe to and why?
"logicallity"? Is that a joke? No! it's simple, can humans design and build somthing as amazing as a human brain? if not, then why do you take seriously that somthing less intelligent than us can make one namely the """theory""" of evolution?   Evolutionary science does not have an adequate explanation for the origin of life, this is true. Correction! Evolutionary 'science' doesn't have an adequate explanation for any of it, unless you can show me how an intelligent race can come from an instinctive race like cute little monkeys.  Nor do I believe God snapping his fingers is an adequate explanation. Neither do I!!! but then again, I never said he did!!! Evolutionary theory has proven itself able to explain why creatures change over time (and they do, as you've admited), er, varience within a species is NOT evolution, or have you forgotton? BTW, "Evolutionary theory has proven itself" I think you confusing youself!!!  while the bible does not allow for it. God created animals as they are, and that's it as I understand it. Religious doctrine has no part of this debate! You claim to understand evolutionary theory, but the questions you ask raise doubts to that. What you mean is you can't answer them, true?  You're question about why green algae is still here if we evolved from it was one example. Why did it need to evolve if it still survives perfectly well, illogical!  You admit that smarter creatures survive better, yet you don't want to believe that species as a whole will become smarter (instinctually or otherwise!) Let me ask you a question; If humans have the largest brain of all lifeforms then why do we only use a fraction of it, again, illogical evolution, the cleverness must come first as you have just said.  Some animals learn faster than others, Some spiders don't learn at all, they leave their parent at birth and automatically know how to build a web. Failed evolution, again! and this tendency to learn quickly can be passed on, etc etc. HOW??????  These animals will survive better, leave more offspring which will increase how many animals there are that learn faster, etc etc. Since you understand it so well, I'm sure you can see where I'm going with this? I know your doctrine, but can you demonstrate how this happens? You're return questions are a joke.  No they weren't, you just fail to answer them.  Unborn smarter than it's parent? Where did anyone say anything about that? The question you're refering to says that some creatures are born smarter (ie able to learn easier) than others. Is it me or are you contradicting youself again?
???  Genesis 1:1 - In the begininng, God created...  I dont know what Bible youve been reading...  God said, "let there be light, and there was light"  When God spoke, things were made that before never existed. God speaking is the mechanism. I agree with Unker, what bible have you been reading?  Actually, I know, it is the watchtower bible, which blows every single hermaneutic in order to make JW's seem legit.
What are you talking about? The "theory of evolution" is not a creature that has intelligence, it is a process. Which gives it even less chance of building something complex. Does "physics" require an intelligence in order for gravity to work? It is pretty darn amazing that the interaction of all these different forces work perfectly so our solar system isn't crashing into the sun or spinning out of control, eh? I guess "physics" is a genius! It does require an intelligence actually! But I think we'll stick to the life part for now. I'm confused. Aren't you arguing that religious doctrine is superior to evolutionary theory? No I'm arguing that life is the product of intelligent design!  Speciation IS evolution on a smaller scale.  No! genomes are locked and cannot evolve into different ones. Speciation is not evolution.  Why, when even a little knowledge of the subject would answer them for me? I'm confused. As usual!  Yet again you show how little you know. The world changes. Creatures change as the most able to survive do survive. So why did green algae feel the need to change? Please can you refrain from personal comments; it's not good debate.  And humans have survived just fine with that fraction, haven't we? There were no selective pressures to encourage usage of the rest, most likely. If there has never been the need for the use of the rest of it then it wouldn't have evolved in the first place. That goes right against the theory you are trying to hold to!  Evolution isn't really concerned with intelligence, per se, just with survival. The smartest does not necessarily survive best. Again, illogical. Humans are destroying the planet that we live on this is very counter productive. Don't you think?  Wait, how did evolution fail here? Evolution doesn't explain how knowledge is ingrained into genes. My guess is that it was programmed like a Pentium 4 computer.  And I thought you knew everything about evolution Or maybe it's just genetics you've failed at. Do you want me to "demonstrate" genetics? Hm, I'm not comfortable with people watching that  There is not a single explainable process in evolution, like fish to amphibian.  Do you seriously not believe that an ability to learn quickly cannot be passed down to offspring? You misunderstand me! Intelligence is in the genes but how does knowledge get there?   Well, I wouldn't call it vauge. It's logical and sound. Not according to mathematicians.  Want something really vauge? Try reading the bible. I have and it's answered all my questions. I have yet to find any evidence for gods existance that come even close to being as valid as the scientific theories. Heres my sound reason. It's long but please read it. www.geocities.com/Athens/Aegean/8830/mathproofcreat.html
I have read it. It didn't convince me though. When you deal with the enormous time and space scales in the entire universe, resonable probability breaks down. We don't know how large the universe is or how long it has been going, but if what we assume is remotely correct then even the 'cosmic limit of chance' becomes probable. Also, I've found that the article calculated an assumed probability that this process would take place on earth. Multiply that with all planets in the universe and you get a totaly different result. The art of investigation on that site makes my stance clear. Heres another which takes more account of what you say. www.johnankerberg.org/Articles/_PDFArchives/science/SC2W0104C.pdf  "The key is that we must eliminate the possibilities of any non-intelligent ordering process, and establish that the probability of something happening by chance is so extremely vanishingly small that the chance of such an occurrence is totally inconceivable, and essentially zero... therefore, it was designed by an intelligence. (It has been said, for instance, that there might "possibly" be a very slim chance that a kettle of water on a hot burner could freeze ...which illustrates the ridiculous nature of some objections to probability analysis)."  This is where I find the article to be incorrect. The timescale that the universe has been existant is so great that you can't assume any chance of the scale of creation of life to zero. The reason for my belief is simply; what would have the most chance of happening? Evolution with abiogenesis or intelligent design with logic?
Abiogenesis? Spontaneous generation, from non-living matter. Intelligence has to come from something and does not necessary have to come from intelligence. I belive evolution is more probable. Which is more probable my computer building itself, or me building it?
If you, like god, wouldn't exist then it's more probable that it would build itself. I meant to ask you this in my last post; what is it that makes you think he doesn't exist? Also how long would it take for my computer to build itself? You seem to fail to realize that creationism doesn't solve anything. The creator (if there is one) must still come from somewhere. All you do is move the problem about a bit and then just leave it laying. Not true! If I was saying that we were made by other physical life forms then you would be correct, but I'm not, we were made by someone who existed before the physical universe came to be, which must mean he was not a physical being (but still damn clever). Therefore it would seem very illogical to assume this being even had a beginning, there is no reason to think that either way. However we know we had a beginning it's a proven fact (I think) therefore we have to explain our beginning not someone elses.
How does one explain the obvious intelligent design of the universe prior to the formation of species (as evidenced in the physical laws such as gravitation, light speed, energy, entropy, etc.)? One cannot resort to evolution as the answer as these are not matters for evolution (they have nothing to do with living creatures necessarily).  To simply claim an unknown force is fine, as long as it is intelligent, creative, and ordered.  Also, How does one exlain via evolution, the maladaptive emotional states such as envy, lust, greed, etc?
I am a firm believer in creationism. Although atheist make some valid points, I have found a flaw in their theory about the big bang. They say that everything in the universe was created from one molecule exploding or something like that. They seem to have forgotten something. Even if that did happen, where did that one molecule come from? Someone or something had to have created it. And they say the only "proof" we creationists have is our faith. And they may be right. But look at it this way. We may not be able to see the Lord but we know he's there. We can feel his presence, just as everyone can feel the wind.
Honestly, no, it doesn't bother me that I don't have all the answers. I will never have all the answers, just as no one else will ever. Let me ask you this. Why don't you believe in God? Why don't you believe that there is a magnificent force at work, working to try and get us to come to our senses? I can tell you for a fact there is a God. The same God believed in millions of years ago. He was just there and he will always be there. He loves you and wants to help you. But he can't without you helping yourself. He wants you to come to him, ask him to live within you. That is the only way you or I or anyone else will ever get to heaven. I'm not saying your life will be perfect and wonderful all the time if you accept Jesus into your heart, believe me, mine is far from it, but I can promise you this. If you do accept Jesus into your life, then your life will be filled with wonderous and great things, things you can't even imagine right now. I beg of you, come to him before it's too late. We never know when the rapture will happen so we need to get things right now.
In answer to your request of "proof", I give you the following.  1 Thessalonians 4:13-5:11. I would type it all out but that's a rather long passage so I just ask that you look it up. Although it may not use the same phrase as I did (rapture), but it stills means the same thing. Look at the world around you. The world is basically falling apart around us. All the signs point to the second coming of the Lord.  PS thanks for the compliment.
A question I have: Can god create a rock so big he can't lift it?   This question is nonsense as it is a logical fallacy. It assumes that someone other than God gets to define the nature of the universe. If one assumes the existence of GOd then one has to assume the nature of God to be what HE declares it to be not what humans decide it should be.  It is like asking the question about the irresistable force and the immovable object. (I asked that question when I was about 10) One presumes the nonexistence of the other. There is no problem with God being defined by something (in this case God). To ask the question you ask requires that you get to determine what God should be like. If you assume a creator then you as the created do not get to say what he should or should not do. If you assume he does not exist then you get to define him. The problem here is that you are defining something that does not exist except now that you define it you are assuming it exists and therefore waive the right to define it.
This question is nonsense as it is a logical fallacy. It assumes that someone other than God gets to define the nature of the universe. If one assumes the existence of GOd then one has to assume the nature of God to be what HE declares it to be not what humans decide it should be.  It is like asking the question about the irresistable force and the immovable object. (I asked that question when I was about 10) One presumes the nonexistence of the other. There is no problem with God being defined by something (in this case God). To ask the question you ask requires that you get to determine what God should be like. If you assume a creator then you as the created do not get to say what he should or should not do. If you assume he does not exist then you get to define him. The problem here is that you are defining something that does not exist except now that you define it you are assuming it exists and therefore waive the right to define it.  This was a response to the question "can God create a rock so big that he can't lift it?". I would simply say that this puts those who would respond in a no win situation. If the answer is yes then you could say "aha, so God isn't all powerful after all since he can't lift the rock" and if the answer is no then you could say "aha, so God isn't all powerful after all since he can't create a rock too heavy for him to lift". If in fact there is such a thing as being all powerful then what exactly would that constitute if it were possible to raise such questions as "can God create a rock so big that he can't lift it?" Perhaps that is the question that should be posed and seriously answered.
Just another thought. Here we have a God who presumeably created the entire universe. These millions of galaxies bigger than anyone's imagination. These billions upon billions of stars. Human beings, animals, plants, the elements, the intricate order and chaos of it all and he must be thinking "I created all of this and the best humans can come up with is whether a rock I create may to big for me to lift? Can't you people do any better?" Let's see now can God lift the sun or the earth or the moon? How about the entire Adromeda galaxy or the whole universe? Now there is a challenge!
This was a response to the question "can God create a rock so big that he can't lift it?". I would simply say that this puts those who would respond in a no win situation. If the answer is yes then you could say "aha, so God isn't all powerful after all since he can't lift the rock" and if the answer is no then you could say "aha, so God isn't all powerful after all since he can't create a rock too heavy for him to lift". If in fact there is such a thing as being all powerful then what exactly would that constitute if it were possible to raise such questions as "can God create a rock so big that he can't lift it?" Perhaps that is the question that should be posed and seriously answered.  You are partly right. It IS a logical fallacy to ask that question. emoreno simply asks something that is nonsense. It is like asking "why did the bowling ball floss with brocolli?" The question makes no sense. One assumes things not in evidence. Is it within the nature of bowling balls to floss at all, let alone with brocolli? NO of course not. It is also a logical falacy as there is the begged question. That is precisely what I was pointing out.   emoreno, if you asked a logical question, I would have given a logical answer. If you will note, I have over 1800 posts on this board, and while I occasionally avoid hard questions for the sake of debate, it is not my habit. You will find many who have asked LEGITIMATE questions that are hard to answer and I have given the answer "I don't know" I have also said, "this is my opinion."   You accuse me of something I do not do on a regular basis and avoid the answer that you should be giving which is to show how your question is logical. You, however, do have a history on this board of avoiding logical questions as you do not understand logic and instead answer out of your lack of knowledge and understanding and out of your obvious bias. This weakens your position greatly in the argument. Be ready to accept that your arguments are not logical and learn how to be logical. If you have legitimate questions I would be happy to answer.  ccr: I appreciate your rewording of the question. However, you still do not avoid the begged question on the existence of God. To answer either question one must still assume the existence of God. If you assume the existence of someone all powerful and omniscient etc. then you give up the right to define his attributes as you (and I ) are finite while he is infinite. If however you assume he does not exist then the question is nonsense and irrelevant.   If we assume that God exists, then the question is, rightly, "what is the nature of God?" If we are looking at what it means to be all powerful, then that would mean that He can do anything within his nature. Just as a anyone can do what is within their nature. neither you nor I can take on the nature of a squirrel. No matter how hard we try we cannot BE a squirrel. We can immitate one but cannot BE one. God cannot be anything other than God. This does not mean he is not all powerful. It only means that God is the definer of what it means to be all powerful.  That is the best I can do for now, without an all out course in logic. There are many websites out there discussing logical fallacies and how to recognize them.  Emoreno, I did not mean to call you childish. Although you are quite sensitive. I simply stated that your question falls in the logical reasoning of a child. You have accepted something that is hogwash, without truly examining its logical validity yourself.
God is sorta like time...you just don't get it, do you?
Obviously not. Please explain what you mean better. What do you mean by, "God is sorta like time?" And what does that have to do with my purportedly illogical question of can god create a rock so big he can't lift it?  God was, is and will always be, just as time. It's hard to grasp.
Ok... but didn't he purportedly create time? emoticon_confusedYou see what I mean? Logic has no place here  God created everything!
So according to your reasoning here, God has not always existed like time?  Show me where I said that. Your logic is flawed.  Maybe time was the first thing created by God, but God was there from the beginning. "In the beginning was the Word and the Word was God..."
There. You said that God and time were and always were and will be.  ^^^^..not exactly, but close.  Also I said, "God is sorta like time...", but not exactly. God was here first.
How can God be there before time? You can't get before time, as the concept of before is irrelevant without time. Even at the very beginnings of the universe time was not one of the curled up spatial dimensions.  God can do anything!
Except the impossible as has been mentioned before (stones unable to be lifted, would add a half-decent world with free will as well). This is one of those cases as well.  God can do anything!
God is either limited by impossibilities or is not good or caring (some would go further than this). Otherwise why wouldn't all the wrongs be fixed and everyone allowed to live in harmony with one another. The free will explaination is the only one that can really be used, but if impossibilites are not out of the question (existing before time, being able to make stones he can not lift and still lift them) this doesn't apply.  Just as the laws of gravity do not apply at the sub-atomic level, the logic of man does not apply to God. God was here before time. God can do anything.
Actually gravity still aplies at the subatomic level, its just other forces are interacting and it is more complicated than for big things, but anyway...  God can do anything...but chooses not to? How can you worship a being that desires the suffering of innocents.  Convince me that God desires the suffering of innocents.
God has the ability to do anything, regardless of whether we would say it is impossible (not just that we don't know how to do it, but actually impossible). Yet does not do things that would decrease suffering. If he is all powerful there is nothing stopping him from doing it (he is not bound by laws nor challenged by the devil) so the only thing stopping him is that he chooses not to act. So the only reason that there is so much pain and suffering in this world is because he wants there to be.  Choosing not to prevent something would not imply favoring it to happen.  Should God deny the lion a meal to save the zebra? Should He save the mosquitos from the Purple Martins?  Much of the pain and suffering in the world is brought on man by man.
So should all crimes be allowed to happen? Is it right to put a lion and a bear in a cage and make them fight? If God made the Zebra a meal for the lion in the first place isn't that intending for suffering to take place and there are far more horrific things than lions eating zebras in nature (it was this which made darwin question his faith before even starting to think about evolution). Most of the crimes caused by men opon men could be prevented without even impungin on free will. But as you said before, free will is irrelevant because God can make people make the right descion and act good without violating free will. So what other explaination is there other than God intends for this kind of suffering and behavior to occur?  No. No. No. I don't recall saying anything about free will lately. The fact that pain and suffering permeate life does not mean that the sufferers were chosen in advance. Fate, driven in a large part by timing, will determine who becomes the meal of the hour.
Choosing not to prevent something would not imply favoring it to happen.  Should God deny the lion a meal to save the zebra? Should He save the mosquitos from the Purple Martins?  Much of the pain and suffering in the world is brought on man by man.  All of the pain and suffering in the world was brought about because of the Fall. ALL of it.  To those who are attackin Jim's trucking, I'd like to say, yes God could, if He wanted, have created us as animals - without 'will'. But He didn't.  God loves us so much that He gave us the ultimate gift - Free will.  He loves us so much that he will respect our wishes, even if we choose to go to hell.
Isn't it true that when God first put man in the garden, he didn't give man the ability to distinguish between good and evil?  Are you asking or telling?   If so, then why would God be surprised and angry when man, using free will, eventually stumbled upon evil?  You make assumptions in the question - that God would be surprised. Why would you think that He was?  When you have kids, there's the potential that one might grow up to be a serial killer. Would this 'potential' still prevent you from having kids?  When God gave us Free Will, there was the very real possibility of exercising that choice. This doesn't mean God wanted Adam to sin. I wouldn't know how you could think that... considering He acted out of love by giving man such a great gift.  If I give you a car, and you use it to speed through traffic-lights, would I be responsible? Where did you believe that you could leave personal responsibility behind?
Isn't it a bit cruel to give someone free will but not the knowledge of good and evil to judge those actions but still punish them. These is the point he is making - man made the 'wrong' choice but had no concept that one of the choices he was able to make might have value over another one. The pain and suffering was only seen once we had eaten from the fruit and gained knoweldge of good and evil, it was there all along. Otherwise why would all the creatures living in the garden be perfectly adapted to killing and eating each other if they would never of had to do this.   I suggest you actually read Genesis before making remarks like that! Where do you get the idea that they had no knowledge of sin?  Look at Genesis 3   The Fall of Man   1 Now the serpent was more crafty than any of the wild animals the LORD God had made. He said to the woman, "Did God really say, 'You must not eat from any tree in the garden'?"  2 The woman said to the serpent, "We may eat fruit from the trees in the garden, 3 but God did say, 'You must not eat fruit from the tree that is in the middle of the garden, and you must not touch it, or you will die.' "  4 "You will not surely die," the serpent said to the woman. 5 "For God knows that when you eat of it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."  Is there any indication that Eve is unaware that God has not made plain His will?  Does she still go against it? (I hope you are at least that familiar with the story)  She disobeyed God, that is, she sinned.  Go back to Genesis 2 15 The LORD God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and take care of it. 16 And the LORD God commanded the man, "You are free to eat from any tree in the garden; 17 but you must not eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, for when you eat of it you will surely die."  Adam too is clear about the law.  Its an example of God knowing the eventual outcome and preparing for it while not getting in the way. There is hundred of ways God could intervene without violating free will to end suffering, but he chooses not to.  Name them
God was, then time, then stuff. ...and the stuff was dusty. God added heat and blew the stuff in all directions.  The stuff mixed together made other stuff. ...and that new stuff made more stuff, until stuff was stuffed into every nook and cranny  ...of the original stuff.  Stuff formed into groups of stuff  ...to get more stuff. Stuff had sex and stuff. Stuff used stuff. Stuff ate stuff. Stuff killed stuff. ...and stuff just kept on giving birth to more stuff.  Stuff happens!  God so stuffed the world! Then He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him shall not perish but shall have everlasting Life...     ...without the stuff, of course.
That made absolutely no sense whatsoever. Although it was a fun read, it did not answer my question in the slightest: How can god give us free will even though he is omnipotent? You are only giving me a rundown of what happened, while making no sense in any way shape or form. Perhaps I'm missing something here, but I can make not head nor tail of your last post, Jim. emoticon_confused  You are using your homosapien brain to attempt an understanding of God, time and stuff. You are :xbanghead !  That wasn't my last post!
First and foremost, allow me to say that there was a hint of sarcasm in that last post of mine, which you may not have detected. Also, do not try to intimidate me with your 1800 posts. I'm very happy for you that you have put out 1800 posts. Anyway, allow me to explain: When one is dealing with religion, and arguments for/against it, logic flies out of the window. The thought that free will exists with an omnipotent being is completely illogical in itself. That omnipotent being would know what we were going to do already; thus eliminating the choice. My question now has a bit more relevance, I would think. So can this omnipotent being create/do something that is unable to be done or completed? It's not as nonsensical as it sounds.  First, let me apologize for the tardiness of this post.   second, let me point out that your statement that logic flies out the window is ludricous. You do not back it up with any evidence. God is ultimately logical. Your question continues to be illogical. I have also already answered it. as for my comment on 1800 posts it was simply to point out that I do NOT, as you accused me, avoid hard questions. You said, "Also, is it nonsense simply because you know what the answer's implications are and just can't face up to them or is it because you simply don't want to look at the truth? "  I don't actually think this is sarcastic. You were trying to make an attack by claiming that I avoid hared questions because of the implications. Not only did I not avoid it, I also pointed out the illogic of your statement and therefore the illegitimacy of the argument.  This is a debate forum. If we cannot use logic to debate the topic then in that case allow me to say that you are wrong because broccoli is red.   Logic is the only basis upon which one CAN argue, otherwise there is no common ground for discussion and everything becomes moot including this board. I think the "admin" may not like that thought emoticon_smile   You continue to support an illogical question by saying that we cannot debate the question with logic. This is a non argument.
I don't like the heading of this post: "Atheism versus Creationism" is a false dichotomy. You could have an atheist who doesn't believe in evolution, and you could have a believer in God who accepts evolution.  ...such as I.
We mortals cannot think as God. We cannot fathom the workings of God's consciousness. We make mistakes when we try to interpret "what God thinks."  It is easy for me to understand that just because a happening was predicted, does not mean it was caused by the predictor.  Just because God knew long ago what you would be doing does not mean that God caused you to do it. You have free will. God just knows in every case how you will exercise that free will.
And how do you know that in light of your first paragraph?  Quote: Originally Posted by jim's trucking We mortals cannot think as God. We cannot fathom the workings of God's consciousness. We make mistakes when we try to interpret "what God thinks."   It is easy for me to understand that just because a happening was predicted, does not mean it was caused by the predictor.  Just because God knew long ago what you would be doing does not mean that God caused you to do it. You have free will. God just knows in every case how you will exercise that free will.       I'm not sure I know which statement you are questioning. In my opinion, even though our minds are inferior to whatever are God's methods of knowledge and reasoning, I believe God can and does think like man...to identify with us. However, it is carried far beyond our ability to understand when questions such as creation and evolution seem to collide.  A literal interpretation of the Bible is hard to argue. A disregard for its place in recent history is like ignoring the obvious. It is the most powerful book ever printed.  It is by faith that I accept that God is all knowing.  It is by faith that I believe God made it all.  It is by faith that I believe God offers everlasting life.  Constantly we hear the question, "How can God (allow/do) this?" God is supposed grant our wishes...like a good life will be dumped at our doorstep.  Friends, you need to work for your wishes, ask God to bless your endeavers and do the best job you can. Ask God for good health and safety.  God set things in motion, God watches, God intervenes, but things just happen.
its not necessarily "evolution versus christianity"  some atheists believe in evolution, but no atheists believe in creation some christians believe in evolution and some believe in creation noone can believe in evolution and creation at the same time  (arguable?)  the thread should have better been titled "evolutionism versus creationism", but "atheism versus creationism" is actually valid  I do. emoticon_xhoho
What other aspects of the Bible and Christianity do you selectively believe in or dismiss?  Waxy  Just as things represent things in Revelations, things could represent things in Genesis. One of the days could have lasted a kajillion years, and a googillian things could have happened in that day. God likely didn't end up one day with one man and one woman in a garden. It was more likely many hundreds of men and women in gardens all over the world. This came about after evolution had its initial effects on living things.  God made it all. God created everything. Since we can't understand how it was done, we are not told everything.
Another way of making my point is that "this versus that" implies opposites.  The opposite of atheism is not creationism; it's opposite is believing in God. The opposite of creationism is not atheism; it's opposite is undirected coming into existence.  Versus implies opposed to.  Versus implies compared to.  Versus implies competing against.  Versus implies legal petition.  "This versus that" does not imply anything about this  or that, for that matter.  As a matter of fact, in a large number of cases where this vs. that, this and that are quite similar.
While I can see what you're saying, I don't really agree.   You can't separate the conclusions and evidence provided by science from science itself. If you don't accept the conclusions, then you must not accept the experiment and data. If every method of geology states that a certain rock is 65 million years old, what does a creationist disagree with, studying the rock in the first place, the methodology used, the data, or the conclusions? For all intents and purposes, they're inseparable.   IMHO, the only distinction your making is science as a verb vs. science as a noun. What you're suggesting, and what I don't think (at least I hope) is true, is that Creationists take the viewpoint that "practicing science" is good unless it provides a conclusion they don't agree with, then it's bad or flawed. That would be a pretty hollow stance.  Waxy   Why Waxy, did you make it an all or nothing choice with regards to science?  You seem to suggest that you can either accept all science, or if you reject evolution, you have to reject all science.
That made absolutely no sense whatsoever. Although it was a fun read, it did not answer my question in the slightest: How can god give us free will even though he is omnipotent? You are only giving me a rundown of what happened, while making no sense in any way shape or form. Perhaps I'm missing something here, but I can make not head nor tail of your last post, Jim. emoticon_confused  The idea seems to be that the coexistence of human free will and devine omnipotence is impossible. When it comes to God I don't rule anything out.
Just because we are so amazingly complex does not necessarily mean that we have to be created by some omnipotent creator. It is my belief and that of the scientific community, too, that we evolved from apes. It is more probable to me that we came from apes and monkeys than from Adam and Eve. Do you really believe that there were two people, in the Garden of Eden, and that this God character made Eve from Adam's rib? How can you make a person from a rib? "Well God can!" Is the eager answer that I usually get to this question. But how would you? Is there any way to make a person out of a rib? I mean, it sounds like a fairy tale to me.  How are religious people and atheists alike? well they both take the bible to literal. Humans evolved from apes you say? that has NEVER been proven...again, the basis of science is THEORY and not FACTS
yes we do. i only made the reference to point out that if an athiest or agnostic disagreed with a scientific conclusion, it would not mean that their motive is religious, but simply that either they have contrary evidence or the evidence provided is not satisfactory to them   these theories are treated as fact so often that people generally consider them as bonifide sciences of themselves. furthermore, many people that subscribe to the theory of evolution also subscribe to the big bang and abiogenesis. all 3 theories combined are used by atheists as a substitute for creation in religious circles, and some creationists refer to these 3 in the term GTE (general theory of evolution)   true. in fact, the overwhelming amount of evidence that supports life on earth longer than 6000-10000 years is causing a lot of bible scholars to rethink the validity of Genesis and creation as a whole. im not saying that geology as a science is invalid, but there is no shortage of convincing rebuttals to geological experiments. and when athiest say that the rebuttals are based on lies, noone is surprised because its almost their duty to do so, whether its a lie or not. not that the rebuttals are always true, but the creationist position also depends on the application of science to build a case for it   very good analogy. and it goes both ways. i guess some creationists arent convinced that scientist consider A thru E when they conclude F, or they may believe that the scientist completely overlooked G. the history of biasness on the part of both athiests and religion results in obvious mistrust.   agreed  for one, science has never proven there was no god, no matter how much "trillions" were put into scientific study...and as for saying there is no god because there are "poor people"??? how ridiculous...there are poor people because WE make it so, and not god. It is up to US as people to help eachother out, and not god...this is free will
Well, there are several problems with your post. 1) You misunderstand the term 'THEORY' when applied to scientific theory's. A theory is a model to try to explain the FACTS. WHen it comes to evolution, the theory of evolution is a model to try to explain the observed fact that evolution happens.   Second of all, Humans and modern apes share the same ancestor. From a biological point of view, humans ARE apes that have a specialised brain.  The third problem is many religious people take much of the bible as allegorical. That means they are able to reconcilate such things as scientific fact, (evolution, expanding universe, age of the universe, biology, geology and physics), and their belief in God.  Trebor's logic here is quite correct. You forget also that the theories (theories) which you quote also have base assumptions forwhich there is no proof. Particularly string theory. The path does not prove it's existence, it merely proves the possibility. Possibility because it is based on assumptions that cannot be proven. Namely the existence of those infinite planes that converge. There is no proof of their existences.  Evolution violates the laws of thermodynamics. And your comments about the probablity that it would happen because of the immensity of the universe are uneducated. Have you taken what it takes to make evolution happen and calculated the probablity based on the size of the universe. I did in my junior physics class in college. Quite interesting. Even accounting for the enormity of the universe the probablity of evoultion is still below 50%. I cannot remember how far but it was somwhere around a 20% chance.  EF
I've seen this trumpeted hundreds of times, but to the best of my knowledge, evolution does not in any way violate the law of thermodynamics. The earth is not a closed system.  20%? That's some pretty damn good odds IMHO. If 1 out of 5 times it's gonna happen, you can pretty much take that to the bank, it's certainly better than a roll of the dice.  Waxy  The universe is a closed system. It violates the laws of entropy. If you think those are good odds then go play black jack in vegas. The reported odds in most casinos for standard 7 deck shoe is 23% for the palyer. The odds are not good. A basket ball player with that fieldgoal percentage gets fired. That hitting percentage in baseball might get you a pinch runner or pitcher position. A field goal kicker with that percentage would not make a high school team.   Point being the odds are that it did not happen. Far likelier concept. It is possible that it did happen.   By the way, that is the odds that radomly complex animals formed from lower ones. The odds for human beings coming from virus like forms accounting for the size of the universe is somewhere around 10 to the power of 10000000000 to one.  ef
This thread should probably be moved to the appropriate forum.  WaxyNow you tell us!  Actually, atheism and creationism both involve religion. I think it's okay here. :)
How's the fishing today, Jim? :p ;)Something already swallowed my hook, line and sinker...I'll have to rig my pole again. emoticon_xclown
As I see it science is the nearest current event,and /or belief.Nothing more!
Thank's for demonstrating my point. I said that creationism requires either scientific illiteracy or intentional ignorance.  It's somewhat amazing that you would consider Copernicus, Galileo, and Newton to be current events. But then, we only believe that the earth orbits the sun and we only believe that we can actually apply Newton's laws and predict where Mars will be in two years from now. Pretty soon those beliefs will pass and we will return to the truth of the Bible. We will realize that the earth is flat and covered with a great dome from which are hung the sun moon and stars. And we will stop all of this current event nonsense about predicting weather from moving air patterns and realize that rain falls from window in the dome from the water that is above the dome. And we will stop placing our stupid faith in a light switch that is powered by electricity that is the result of a controled fission reactions. When that silly fad passes we will again light our homes with candles, the way God intended.  Toxey, you are so wise. I'm sure that you impress everyone you know.  Are you suggesting that every scientific discovery throughout history is rock solid fact? I seem to remember scientist once believed the world was flat.And,of coarse, later proven wrong.
Neither scientists nor the church declared for a flat Earth. That the Earth was a sphere was known by educated people hundreds of years before Christ was born.  Eratosthenes of Alexandria actually made a remarkably good measure of it about 400 years before Christ was born.
That's creationism. It is religiously motivated, based on the Bible, and tends to reject reality and scientific investigation.  That could be because creationism has nothing to do with "theoretical phenomena." There is no theory involved in creationism. It is based on a literal reading of a book of mythology. To be theoretical, creationism would have to be based on observations of nature that have been verified by testing a prediction that is a consequence of the proposed explanation. Creationism merely rejects and twists reality to conform the the conclusions that were assumed.  No conjecture or speculation. It is dogma. Usually creationism falls back on miracle and magic.  Now if you are looking for one word that encompasses everything that creationism denies, science might be the word. Creationism requires either scientific illiteracy or intentional ignorance. Creationism arose out of the 7th Day Adventist/Fundamentalist Christian reaction to the reality that science was discovering. Way back in the early 1800s Christian scientists looking for evidence of the flood found that there wasn't any. They reached many conflicting conclusions from repeated creations, gap creations, and old earth with mankind created last, a series of floods with Noah's flood being local and last, etc. Christian fundamentalism was a late 1800s movement that stated the fundamentals of what they thought should be Christainity. It is important to realize that fundamentalism was not a "return" to fundamentals, but a statment of a new sect that separated from the more traditional Christian sects. In the early 1900s, George McCready Price attempted to defend the views of the prophetess of the 7th Day Adventist Church and in doing so developed flood geology. Without any scientific training and using Ellen G. White's view of the Bible as a basis, Price attempted to explain all geological evidence as the result of the flood. From this beginning Henry Morris (who failed to credit Price for any of the ideas he used) developed one version of modern flood geology.  Essentially, to be a creationist one must reject the most basic theories of all of the sciences from cosmology, astronomy, astrophysics, nuclear physics, geology, biology, etc.   HAHA Yes a good debate going I see. Well I love a good debate...  First let me state I'm a staunch believer in creationism. But everyone here seems to call the Theory of Evolution "science". But its not scientifically proven and can never be proven, nor can Creationism. Both are accepted by belief alone. To be scientifically proven something has to be able to be re-created for testing purposes. So since we can't re-create the supposed "Big Bang" or the 7-days of creation, neither can be scientifically proven nor scientifically excepted (even though scientists do take sides based on evidence they find). But I must side with creationism. First, because I'm a Christian. Second becuase of all the evidence supporting it. Let's consider the Second Law of Thermodynamics. It is one of the most universally excepted laws of science. In fact, many other scientifically proven facts use this law as a basis. It says that things will deteriorate as they go along, unless acted upon by an outside force. But the Theory of Evolution firmly dictates that evolution is a positive process. If the Theory of Evolution is completely accurate, then this denies the accuracy of one of the foundations of science. That alone is more than enough to prove Creationism has more evidence supporting it. But let us continue. This outside force could always be God. What other outside force, the Theory of Evolution suggests none. Simply put, although neither can be scientifically proved, the Theory of Evolution is actually in defiance of the very science it supposedly supports. ( Note - Evolution is not actually a Theory by the text book definition but it is commonly accepted to refer to it as a Theory. )  About the question as to why it is Creationism vs. Evolutionism. Simply put, b/c they are mostly complete opposites. If you are a Christian (all inclusive, Catholic, Baptist, anything) you cannot possibly believe both and be a practicing Christian. The Bible clearly states in the first few words, "In the beginning God created the Heaven and the Earth... And on the seventh day he rested." What more do you want? You either accept one or the other.
science: A field of study seeking to understand natural phenomena through repeated observations and experiments.  Oh, and let me apologize, you're right, Evolution is a theory. Note, a theory is described by Webster as a "speculation".  And as of now I will list some proof. First, dog Variability. By progressively breeding for certain traits, dogs can be different and distinctive. This is a common example of microevolution?changes in size, shape, and color?or minor genetic alterations. It is not macroevolution?the upward progression in complexity from bacteria to man. Macroevolution has never been observed in any breeding experiment but is required by organic evolution. Spontaneous generation (the emergence of life from nonliving matter) has never been observed. All observations have shown that life comes only from life. This has been observed so consistently it is called the law of biogenesis. The theory of evolution conflicts with this scientific law by claiming that life came from nonliving matter through natural processes. Mendel?s laws of genetics and their modern-day refinements explain almost all physical variations observed in living things. Mendel discovered that genes are merely reshuffled from one generation to another. Different combinations are formed, not different genes. The different combinations produce many variations within each kind of life, such as in the dog family. A logical consequence of Mendel?s laws is that there are limits to such variation. Breeding experiments and common observationsc have also confirmed these boundaries. While Mendel?s laws give a theoretical explanation why variations are limited, broad experimental verification also exists. For example, if evolution happened, organisms (such as bacteria) that quickly produce the most offspring, should have the most variations and mutations. Natural selection would then select the more favorable changes, allowing organisms with those traits to survive, reproduce, and pass on their beneficial genes. Therefore, organisms that have allegedly evolved the most should have short reproduction cycles and many offspring. We see the opposite. In general, more complex organisms, such as humans, have fewer offspring and longer reproduction cycles. Again, variations within existing organisms appear to be bounded. Organisms that occupy the most diverse environments in the greatest numbers for the longest times should also, according to evolution, have the greatest potential for evolving new features and species. Microbes falsify this prediction as well. Their numbers per species are astronomical, and they are dispersed throughout practically all the world?s environments. Nevertheless, the number of microbial species are relatively few. New features apparently don?t evolve. The variations Darwin observed among finches on different Galapagos islands is another example of natural selection producing micro- (not macro-) evolution. While natural selection sometimes explains the survival of the fittest, it does not explain the origin of the fittest. Natural selection prevents major evolutionary changes. Mutations are the only known means by which new genetic material becomes available for evolution. Rarely, if ever, is a mutation beneficial to an organism in its natural environment. Almost all observable mutations are harmful; some are meaningless; many are lethal. No known mutation has ever produced a form of life having greater complexity and viability than its ancestors. Many molecules necessary for life, such as DNA, RNA, and proteins, are so complex that claims concerning their evolution are questionable. Furthermore, such claims lack experimental support.There is no reason to believe that mutations or any natural process could ever produce any new organs?especially those as complex as the eye, the ear, or the brain. For example, an adult human brain contains over a hundred thousand billion electrical connections, more than all the electrical connections in all the electrical appliances in the world. The human heart, a ten-ounce pump that will operate without maintenance or lubrication for about 75 years, is another engineering marvel. All species appear fully developed, not partially developed. They show design. There are no examples of half-developed feathers, eyes, skin, tubes (arteries, veins, intestines, etc.), or any of thousands of other vital organs. Tubes that are not 100% complete are a liability; so are partially developed organs. For example, if a leg of a reptile were to evolve into a wing of a bird, it would become a bad leg long before it became a good wing. There is no direct evidence that any major group of animals or plants arose from any other major group. Species are observed only going out of existence (extinctions), never coming into existence. Humans and many animals will endanger or even sacrifice their lives to save another?sometimes the life of another species. Natural selection, which evolutionists say explains all individual characteristics, should rapidly eliminate altruistic (self-sacrificing) ?individuals.? How could such risky, costly behavior ever be inherited, because its possession tends to prevent the altruistic ?individual? from passing on its genes for altruism? If evolution were correct, selfish behavior should have completely eliminated unselfish behavior. Furthermore, cheating and aggression should have ?weeded out? cooperation. Altruism contradicts evolution. Children as young as seven months can understand and learn grammatical rules. Furthermore, studies of 36 documented cases of children raised without human contact (feral children) suggest that language is learned only from other humans; humans do not automatically speak. If this is so, the first humans must have been endowed with a language ability. There is no evidence language evolved. Nonhumans communicate, but not with language. True language requires both vocabulary and grammar. With great effort, human trainers have taught some chimpanzees and gorillas to recognize a few hundred spoken words, to point to up to 200 symbols, and to make limited hand signs. These impressive feats are sometimes exaggerated by editing the animals? successes on film. (Some early demonstrations were flawed by the trainer?s hidden promptings.) Wild apes have not demonstrated these vocabulary skills, and trained apes do not pass their vocabulary on to others. When a trained animal dies, so does the trainer?s investment. Also, trained apes have essentially no grammatical ability. Only with grammar can a few words express many ideas. No known evidence shows that language exists or evolves in nonhumans, but all known human groups have language. Furthermore, only humans have different modes of language: speaking/hearing, writing/reading, signing, touch (as with braille), and tapping (as with Morse Code or tap-codes used by isolated prisoners). When one mode is prevented, as with the loss of hearing, others can be used. Different languages, such as English, Spanish, or Chinese, provide other alternatives. It is illogical to maintain that similarities between different forms of life always imply a common ancestor; such similarities may imply a common designer and show efficient design. In fact, where similar structures are known to be controlled by different genes or are developed from different parts of embryos,c a common designer is the more likely explanation. Evolutionists have taught for over a century that as an embryo develops, it repeats an evolutionary sequence. In other words, in a few days an unborn human repeats stages that supposedly took millions of years for mankind. Another well-known example of this ridiculous teaching is that embryos of mammals have ?gill slits,? because mammals supposedly evolved from fish. (Yes, that?s faulty logic.) Embryonic tissues that resemble ?gill slits? have nothing to do with breathing; they are not gills, and they are not slits. Instead, that embryonic tissue develops into parts of the face, bones of the middle ear, and endocrine glands. Embryologists no longer consider the superficial similarities between a few embryos and the adult forms of simpler animals as evidence for evolution. Ernst Haeckel, by deliberately falsifying his drawings, originated and popularized this incorrect but widespread belief. Many modern textbooks continue to spread this false idea as evidence for evolution.   Each planet is unique. Similarities expected if the planets evolved from the same swirling dust cloud are seldom found. Yet most planetary studies began by assuming the planets evolved and are therefore similar. Typical arguments are as follows: ?By studying the magnetic field (or any other feature) of Planet X, we will better understand how Earth?s magnetic field evolved.? Actually, each magnetic field is surprisingly different. ?By studying Earth?s sister planet, Venus, we will see how plate tectonics shaped its surface and better understand how plate tectonics works on Earth.? It is now recognized that a plate tectonics process does not occur on Venus. The amount of water on Earth greatly exceeds that on any other planet in the solar system. Liquid water, which is essential for life and has unique and amazing properties, covers 70% of Earth?s surface. Where did all Earth?s water come from? If the Earth and solar system evolved from a swirling cloud of dust and gas, practically no water would reside near Earth?s present orbit. Any water (liquid or ice) that close to the Sun would vaporize and be blown by solar wind to the outer reaches of the solar system, as we see happening with water vapor in the tails of comets. Comets, which are about 85% water (by mass), did not bring much water to Earth, because comets contain too much heavy hydrogen, relatively rare in Earth?s oceans. For an evolutionist, comets also contain too much argon. If comets were the source of only 1% of Earth?s water, then, using evolutionist?s assumptions, our atmosphere would contain 400 times more argon than it does. The few types of meteorites that contain considerable water also have too much heavy hydrogen.These observations have caused some to conclude that water was transported from the outer solar system to Earth on objects that no longer exist. If so, many of these ?water tankers? should have collided with the other inner planets: Mercury, Venus, and Mars. These planets should have similar water characteristics as Earth, but those characteristics are dissimilar. Instead of imagining ?water tankers? that all disappeared, perhaps Earth was created with its water already present.    Broad, but increasingly precise, relationships are sought between causes and effects. These relationships, called scientific laws, help predict future phenomena and explain past events.   Notice, this does not mean the first cause must be naturalistic. It is poor logic to say that because science deals with natural, cause-and-effect relationships, the first cause must be a natural event. Furthermore, if the first cause were a natural consequence of something else, it would not be the first cause. Scientific laws can provide considerable insight on ultimate origins even though the first cause cannot, by definition, be duplicated. Yes, there was a beginning.  Is that enough proof? If not I've got much much more.  ;)      Also, perhaps "proven" was the wrong word. A more precise word would probably be "observed".
I used the site to provide overwhelming evidence, as I didnt no feel like spending many many hours, when resources are already compiled.  I used Webster's dictionary so I could give a defintion I agreed with ;) and use for my case, thats part of debate.  So far I have seen no evolutionists post any support for their claims. They claim their is much proof yet none has been posted. I know of what you speak, I'm not an idiot as you all speak ( emoticon_xgood ) I've read more books about evolutionism than I have about the creationists' perspective. Evolutionism is just common sense wrong (although that would NEVER win a debate would it? :)). I would like to see some posts regarding why evolution is absolutely invariably correct. Please, enlighten me.  About similar characteristics. Is it at all possible that two creatures could have similar characteristics because it serves a purpose for both of them, something they both need to accomplish, not just because they are "evolutionarily related"? :xbanghead Oh and one more thing before I sit back and wait for supreme evidence. About "Lucy" and similar "early human ancestors". Did you know that for her dig alone, scientists searched an area of 9 square miles? They then pieced together all bones found from those areas. Thats not very good science if you ask me, nor very reliable....
im a catholic too, therefore, take it or leave it. here's my belief- *God started life, and guided evo. with us (that being humans, and other animals) as the final or semi-final product.  i can't, in my right mind, deny the existance of either God or evolution, so this makes sense. it follows the bible (after a fasion) and reinforces what we have discovered via. excivations.
...like I said above, you cannot call the Bible the inerrant word of God if it contains erors in it. and if it contains no errors, then there is every reason to take it literally. the only reason the Bible should not be taken literally is if there are errors in it. and if the events that the Bible claims happen really didnt happen, then those are errorsI think you confuse simple binary logic of the computer with the fuzzy logic of real life. I shall try an example of what I'm thinking. The Earth is almost, but not quite a sphere. So does that mean that every book that talks of the Earth being a sphere is wrong? No, unless they claim it is a perfect sphere, which it isn't. It is near enough though for it to be thought of as a sphere most of the time. Facts are fuzzy things, not simple true and false. We have lots of "lies to children" ideas where we tell them simple things first (the world is a ball) and then more complex things that might contradict later (the world isn't a perfect sphere). This doesn't mean the first was an error, just a simpler idea.  Likewise I think God told the story of Genesis for the people of the time. They were like children in their knowledge of the world and so he kept the story simple. As man has grown older, so we have learned that not all of it is to be taken literally. This doesn't mean it is in error though, and doesn't make the word of God errent.
but that would mean that people who believe the events really happened are in error. I get what youre saying, but it still means that everything in the Bible cannot be taken as pure fact. maybe errors/untruths may be too strong a term, but there are obviously inaccuracies in the bible. and that would mean that you still cant consider the Bible as inerrantMaybe you are more demanding of inerrent than I, or maybe I have it wrong. I'm not sure. I do know one area of the Bible that I have great difficulty with: the flood. Try as we might, we have found no evidence of a global flood in recent history, beyond the Bible. How can this be? I cannot accept that God made up this story, but I also cannot accept that I should just believe the flood happened when we can find no evidence of it. I don't see how it can be a simplified "lies to children" type story either unless we stretch it to breaking point by viewing it as telling us about the mass extinctions that have occured. I must confess that I tend to stick my head in the sand on this issue :(
Greetings to Unkerpaulie and All:  (a modified version of this post appears on other threads)  Unkerpaulie << creation and other differing concepts of the origin of the universe will always be in opposition, simply because they are differing. you cannot accept that God created the world in 6 days and at the same time accept that the world exploded into being over a 15 billion year period.  Terral's reply << I am a creationist that believes God used evolution to repopulate this planet after the Satanic rebellion caused darkness (Gen. 1:2) to separate the singularity forms of expression (of Gen. 1:1) into the man (earthly) / angel (heavenly) forms we have today. God's original creation (Gen. 1:1) became broken, and we are now living in a reconstituted creation. The physical record in creation identifies lower forms evolving into higher forms. The amphibian dynasty preceded the reptilian dynasty. A 'day' to God is simply a very, very long time to men. Scientists say life came out of the water, and so does your Bible. (Gen. 1:20). Male and female came along later (Gen. 1:26-28). Those are sixth day people that have been here evolving over millions of years (Leaky's Lucy) into the races we have today.  Adam, however, is a different kind of man altogether from the sixth day races. He was formed by the Lord God on the seventh day (we are still living within the boundaries of that day) into the singularity expression that existed in Genesis 1:1. He was spirit (breath of life), body (dust of ground) and 'became a living soul.' Gen. 2:7. Eve and the Seed were taken out of this one man, who previously possessed every member of the Adamic race within him. So while mankind has been on this planet for millions of years, the descendants of Adam (the descendants of Shem, Japheth and Ham; Noah's sons after the flood) have been here for only the past 6000 years. Everyone else on this planet is descended from the sixth day races.  The land of the garden is the 'land' where Noah's flood took place. The Hebrew expressions for 'earth' and 'land' are identical. Simply replace the mistranslated word earth with land, and the whole account makes better sense. The animals on the Ark were from a local population and not a global one. This is the same ground as the Promised Land given to Abraham, and the site of the future Messianic Kingdom of Israel.   Obedience to the gospel today places us in the position of regaining our pre-fall (Gen.1:1) imperishable vehicles of expression. See 1Corinthians 15.   The answer to kill this thread is that the Creator utilized Evolution as a tool to reconstitute a broken universe into a form that could be reconciled back to Him through His Word.   God bless,  Terral
The evolution of man is completely consistent with Genesis. And since God tells us in Genesis that He created life by natural means, abiogenesis is the only way for a Christian to go.  However, abiogenesis is not part of evolutionary theory, which makes no claims about the origin of life.
Barbarian observes: The evolution of man is completely consistent with Genesis. And since God tells us in Genesis that He created life by natural means, abiogenesis is the only way for a Christian to go.  However, abiogenesis is not part of evolutionary theory, which makes no claims about the origin of life.   No it's not. Genesis talks of two distinct persons Adam and Eve, one being created from 'dust' (not 'ape')  In that, humans are no different than any other animal, all of them were brought forth from the Earth, as God tells us in Genesis.  Genesis 1:24 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.  But for man alone, God also directly gives him the breath of life, and an immortal soul.   Genesis 2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.  Our bodies are from the Earth, part of common descent of all living things. That is not where our image of God comes in. That is in our immortal soul, and our knowing good and evil, as He tells us in Genesis.   Genesis 3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil:  We were created like the other living things, but we have something added.  Which verse do you believe says that God created Adam from natural means?  See above. Like other living things, we were brought forth by the earth. You believe you are a creature of God, do you not? Were you not made by natural means, except your immortal soul, which God gave to you?
Barbarian observes: The evolution of man is completely consistent with Genesis. And since God tells us in Genesis that He created life by natural means, abiogenesis is the only way for a Christian to go.  However, abiogenesis is not part of evolutionary theory, which makes no claims about the origin of life.   the bible tells us in Genesis that God caused the earth to produce every kind of living creature, cattle, beast and creeping thing by simply speaking them into existence, all in the span of a single 24-hour day. (Gen 1: 24-25).  Actually, "speaking them into existence", and "of a single 24-hour day" are your additions, not in scripture. If you need to modify what it says, to get your interpretation, that seems to me a good sign that it isn't what you say it is.  i wouldnt exactly consider that natural means.  Not your "amended" version. But God's version says that the Earth brought forth living things. That is certainly using nature in His creation.  this is also very inconsistent with evolutionary theory  Again, if we remove your additions, it is not inconsistent with evolutionary theory at all.
It's as possible to misunderstand the Bible as anything else. It is not a rational response to cling to man's understanding after God's creation has shown that understanding to be false.
Greetings Unkerpaulie and All:  A version of this post appears on another thread:   http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=2838   Unkerpaulie << I don't know if we're even on the same page . . . creation - the idea that God created the world and life in 6 days.  Terral's reply << Part of the confusion on this thread has to do with the way men before us have interpreted the first two chapters of your Bible. My timeline looks something like this from Scripture:  Perfect Creation (Gen.1:1; billions of years ago) - - - -  Satanic Rebellion / Reconstitution of Universe, Animals, Mankind (Gen. 1:2-2:3; millions of years ago) - - - -  Lord God formed Adam / Garden (Gen. 2:7 ; thousands of years ago) - - - -  Eve, seed taken out of Adam (Gen. 2:21; about 6,000 years ago) - - - -   The seven Hebrew words that make up Genesis 1:1 work together to describe a completed, perfect (mature), unified creation of a single expression. Creation was then made up from the love, light and life of God Almighty. There was no such thing as stars and planets, death and destruction, male or female, darkness or suffering of any kind. All the created beings of God were perfect, and were formed with the knowledge of all things. This was the very reason for God to create Lucifer in the first place. Look again at his name, which is "the anointed Cherub that covers." Scripture says,   "You were the anointed cherub who covers, and I placed you {there.} You were on the holy mountain of God; you walked in the midst of the stones of fire." Ezek. 28:14.   Many forget that Satan was a good guy for a very long time during the Perfect Period of Genesis 1:1.   ". . . You had the seal of perfection, Full of wisdom and perfect in beauty. You were in Eden, the garden of God; every precious stone was your covering." Eze. 28:12+13.   Note that precious stones are rewards for good works (1Cor. 3:12-14), and Satan had plenty of time to receive all of them. However, those days would come to an abrupt end. "You were blameless in your ways from the day you were created until unrighteousness was found in you." Ezek. 28:15. That started the Satanic rebellion that caused the 'darkness' of Genesis 1:2.  A very large gap appears between these first two verses of your Bible. Evidence for the gap is found here,   "For thus says the LORD, who created the heavens (He is the God who formed the earth and made it, He established it {and} did not create it a waste place, {but} formed it to be inhabited), "I am the LORD, and there is none else." Isaiah 45:18.   And Peter's words here,   "For when they maintain this, it escapes their notice that by the word of God {the} heavens existed long ago and {the} earth was formed out of water and by water." 2Pet. 3:5.   So the original creation was not created in the 'void' condition of Genesis 1:2, but our universe became broken as the result of the Satanic rebellion.  It is through the mutiny of God's highest ranking cherub that death and darkness entered into the universe, which affected the very fabric and physical make up of everything. Instead of a universe filled with perfect beings of light with a single expression, creation became a place with angels and men. After all, instead of being one thing the heavens and earth became totally separate, and an empty gulf came to exist between the two. The agency through which these two realms would again become One (that is the ultimate goal after all) was called into being in Genesis 1:8. "God called the expanse heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, a second day." Heaven became the place where the two created seas of spirit (heavens) and water (earth) overlapped.  Then God had to make provisions for creatures of a physical nature. Instead of God illuminating creation (and us) from within, He had to create the stars for our eyes, and planets for our feet. Note at the very end, what Scripture says, "And there will no longer be {any} night; and they will not have need of the light of a lamp nor the light of the sun, because the Lord God will illumine them; and they will reign forever and ever." Rev. 22:5. If you wish to see how things were before the Satanic rebellion, then look how things come to be after the devil and death are thrown into the lake of fire.   Back to our timeline, we see a series of days (periods) where God created the principal components of this reconstituted universe and our specific world. Scripture is telling the story of how God used evolution to call these things into being. Science says that life began in water, and so does Scripture. "Let the waters teem with swarms of living creatures . . ." Gen. 1:20. Life on earth went through many stages of development from lower life forms to higher. That is why we find amphibian footprints in lower layers of stone strata, and reptilian tracks in layers above them, and so on. Then, on the sixth day (still millions of years ago), God created the male and female of Genesis 1. Dr. Leakey's "Lucy" is dated back to about 1million years by some, and up to 3 million years by others. The right answer is most likely somewhere between the two.   http://www.evol.net/evol/australo.htm   Adam was formed by the Lord God on this seventh day. Gen. 2:7. Many believe that this event dates back to about six thousand years. I place the forming of Adam back much farther in earth history, but it is difficult to tell just how far back to go. Adam was not formed in the same image as men today, and Eden was a place where the heavens and earth overlapped. It was the 'heaven' of our specific earth. The tree in the center of Eden was the same 'anointed cherub that covers.' Adam was the first, but was not to be the last. This created realm would house all of the newly created beings, who were to be fashioned according to the Genesis 1:1 blueprint. Those special beings would be created knowing everything; perfect knowledge. Therefore, when the Lord God (or Adam) had a secret to keep, then this tree was the means of covering that knowledge. Time passed . . . how much time? Again, it is hard to tell. But, Adam had time to name all the animals, to sit down, and become bored. And thus . . . "but for Adam there was not found a helper suitable for him." Gen. 2:20.   So along comes Eve, "The LORD God fashioned into a woman the rib which He had taken from the man, and brought her to the man. The man said, "This is now bone of my bones, And flesh of my flesh; She shall be called Woman, Because she was taken out of Man." Gen. 2:23. These two are a perfect pair for this heaven realm on earth. Events transpire, until Adam and Eve fall in the likeness of what occurred during the Satanic Rebellion. With the curses of Genesis 3:14-19, Adam and Eve were also cast down into this present earthly environment. And this marks the time that the clock starts ticking, and we can trace that back on our timeline to just about six thousand years ago. Just place the gap between Gen. 5:1 and 5:2. So Adam lived in his fallen condition "930" years. Gen. 5:5.  Note, again, that he is NOT a sixth day creation, and is NOT the 'male' created in Genesis 1:26-28. Sixth day people are native inhabitants of the land. Note that when Cain left the presence of the Lord, he found a wife and had children. Gen. 4:16+17. He found his wife from among the sixth day people.   Unkerpaulie << non-creation (for want of a better word) - the idea that the universe took 15 billion or so years to form, starting with the big bang event . . . you cannot accept both.  Terra's reply << There is plenty of room for Creation and Evolution, and there are different kinds of Creationists. Let us not assume that all 'Creationists' believe exactly as we do. If we rightly separate the sixth day people (Gen. 1) and seventh day Adam (Gen. 2), then there is room for evolution of the first, and creation of Adam. I believe we have God's Word as a record, and creation itself as a testament. And they both tell the same story. It is just that men wish to interpret Scripture, as if one day to God is the same as one day to men. Then they blind themselves into not seeing the physical evidence in creation. But, remember again that 'the anointed cherub that covers' is loose in the world, and "has blinded the minds of the unbelieving . . ." 2Cor. 4:4. He is the 'deluding influence' of 2Thes. 2:11, and, accurate 'knowledge' about these things is difficult to come by, when the god of this world has it covered.   What does Paul tell us?   "For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse." Rom. 1:20.   Look out into the cosmos, Unkerpauline, and take a guess at how long God Almighty has been in the Creator business? God's Word says that His eternal power and divine nature have been CLEARLY seen, being UNDERSTOOD through what has been made. Since creation has every appearance of being billions and billions of years old, we should expect that this is the answer our Creator intended for us to clearly see. So a 'day' (Gen. 1) to Elohim is a very long time to men. Altering that one interpretation of Scripture allows plenty of time for God to use evolution as a tool. After all, He has an infinite amount of time.   UnkerPaulie << Christianity has little to with an acceptance of either, apparently. The discussion is not about Christianity.  Terral's reply << We agree. However, this is about whether or not any Creation interpretation is compatible with any theory of Evolution. "Does it really have to be Creation VS Evolution?" I am a creationist who believes 100 percent that the Lord God formed Adam from the dust of the ground and blew life into his nostrils. Gen. 2:7. I also believe that creation is much older than even our planet earth. We can calculate that the universe has been around in its present form for much longer periods, by examining the light reflected from distant galaxies. Remember that we are not seeing distant stars, as they appear today, but as they appeared tens of billions of years ago. And, every time we build a bigger telescope, this place just gets bigger. Romans 1:20.  God bless,  Terral
I personally would not mind if evolution was not taught in schools. Just teach them about DNA and reproduction. If they care about the where do they come from they can teach themselves. To be honest if creationist parents were raised by creationist parents and the only parenting technique they have seen and understand involves repeatly stating "everying in the bible is true" I think we should let them have there way. If someone is incapable of analysing information by themselves they are better of just blindly believing their parents.
Why teach it? Because it is fundemental to a scientific understanding of Biology.  What part of school biology needs evolution to make sense? taking out evolution is not like taking out algebra and equations of curves out of mathematics and still teaching calculus.
As Nallyo pointed out schools should teach that if trees become blacker due to soot then the dark skinned moths pass on more of their genes and become more common. However teaching Macroevolution is not required because anyone inclined to believe it would figure it out anyway.    Do you advocate not teaching kids about the holocaust, on the grounds that a few nutters deny it occured? After all if they really want to know about the killing of millions due to their religion, they can find out for themselves...   Do you know of anyone that wants the holocaust removed from the syllabus because it interferes with teaching their kids morality?  Do you actually know of a "holocaust denier" that denies many jews were shot,starved, suffocated and exposed to disease? David Irving is called a holocaust denier for because he doubts the evidence given by the russians so he doubts the 6 million dead figure and and gas chambers. He does not dispute thr fact that nazis rounded up any jew they could find and many jews were machine gunned or treated so appallingly they had no chance of survival. He thinks jews mainly died of typhus in the camps because they were malnourished and packed together like sardines for years.
I think science should be taught. I think the best approach is to teach kids about genes, observed microevolution - dogs are a good example and also teach them things like E = mc^2 and how time distorts and your mass increases as you increase velocity. Throw away statements "that we came from slime" or we "came from the big bang" sounds dodgy to some students and they doubt it because there is no simple direct evidence for it. Then you end up with students saying things like "Those science nerds think they know everything but they are full of mumbojumbo". I have seen it happen.
@7th_arty  I beleive in the macroevolution, but school kids are not in a position to understand the evidence for this. So we teach it without actually discussing the supporting evidence. This is a pretty useless state of affairs and so if evolution is causing parents angst I don't mind getting rid of it. I certainly don't advocate teaching "creation science" in public schools and if you actually discuss where all the species came in science class you should only mention evolution.
 Maybe you aren't aware that not all dogs can interbreed with each other.   I was told in school that all dogs could interbreed though IVF. My teacher pointed out that a saint bernard and chiuaua could not breed in the wild. If the chiuaua was the the mother its womb would explode. Now if the teacher was wrong its an example supporting the idea that teachers are not skilled enough to teach evolution.  I think creation science is total nonsense and I am impressed by cosmic background radiation and the work of richard dawkins and if school had the time to properly explain these things to students I would be a happy man. But realistically there is simply no time to do things properly so I do not have a problem with not doing them at all.
 Absolutely wrong. We teach the evidence and why it points to evolution.   Give me an actual example where and actual teacher gives a school student evidence for macroevolution. It certainly did not happen to me. You have fossil record and you can say what looks similar and what has the same genes but this is not proof of macroevolution it just means it is an excellent explanation for what we see.
Ok maybe I do not understand this "evolution fundamental to biology claim". Could people honestly link me to some biology exam papers and point out were the assumption that god managed all the macroevolution would cause them to ge the answers wrong. I can easily show you university maths exams where an inability to do algebra would cause them to stuff it up.
Which is all science can do, really. What more do you want? There is a myriad of details that are explained through evolution. It even makes predictions, like the fact that there should be fossils that link modern whales with a certain extinct group of animals related to the artiodactyls; such fossils were found.  Often science, like some court cases, cannot offer absolute proof; at best it can offer proof beyond reasonable doubt.  I think that the examples you have given for macroevolution are not beyond reasonable doubt. If you give evidence that students can understand and is beyond reasonable doubt I will retract everything I said.
I think I should point out I would only support a ban of presenting macroevolution as fact in certain parts of the bible belt in the USA. evolution is sylabus in australia and I am very happy with that. Also I still don't honestly see how students not taught macroevolution in schools are disadvantaged because the concept takes mere minutes to explain.
I didn't know about the hawthorne maggot fly example, thanks for that.
I would be happy with the fly example being taught in all schools but I would not mind if schools in the bible belt did not present the idea that humans came from bacteria.
 Why should Bible belt students be hanicaped when they reach college. Perhaps you feel that it is better that Bible belt students don't pursue careers in science.   I keep hearing this handicapped by not being taught a vital peice comment. I agree that teaching creation science not science would be a handicap but I am not remotely convinced about why evolution is a vital part of science. Give me a specific example where a student that does not believe in evolution is disadvantages-please explain why its vital don't just state it.
There seems to be a number of people who think that high school students aren't capable of understanding these scientific issues, or that the high school curriculum doesn't present enough basic information to allow a proper discussion of these topics. I don't buy this. It's true that it's been a long while since I was in high school, but I had no trouble understanding these topics. In fact, I had to do a lot of outside reading to get a lot of the information - if anything, the high school curriculum is too dumbed down as it is.  None of this, early earth, evolution of species, and so forth, is like calculus - the concepts are all pretty easy to visualize and understand. In fact, in high school I was a creationist. If this stuff was too hard to understand I would still be a creationist. It was because this material is so easy to comprehend that I realized how untenable creationism is.   Well ,if this material is so easy to comprehend,please tell us how you creat life from the non-living.
I went through school and inferred that sciences explanation of were we come from was that there was a big bang, after some time our sun and planet formed, then was this slime pool were bacteria was created, and eventually through macroevolution this bacteria produced all the species that we see.   What is wrong with saying that proving every step in the big bang to bacteria to man is not in the science syllabus because it is definitely beyond high school students. You also should point out that proving a single step in the transition of bacteria to man is not possible is also not in the syllabus. I think science teachers should also point out that since many people think that evolution explains alot about genetic similarities and the fossil record and you keep the theory that explains most of the physical evidence until you come up with a theory that explains more of the physical evidence.     Physicians and other medically related fields. Any field in biological sciences, botany, zoology, genetics, plant and animal breeding and so on. please read my question again a desribe how your statement answers it. I should have made it clear I was talking about Macroevolutions
Tastyfish - your reply lacks any detail to convince me that not teaching macroevolution is a handicap. You just list all the area were you think its vital but you don't explain why it is vital.
 Medicine/biotech, without macroevolution any work on model speices is meaningless as there no reason why there is actually any reason why the rules for one apply to the other, you would still have to do the same research on humans anyway.   Huh?  As for evolution being vital for research a student could work in 10 minutes that doubting evolution is a bad idea hardly a great handicap like skipping material that would take months to learn.
As I understand it parenting is a tricky business and you generally imitate your own parents. In the bible belt many children are taught ethics with the aid of the "knowledge" that everything in the Bible is true. It has been happening for generations. Now I believe teaching children right and wrong is a hard thing. Now currently science class interferes a parents lessons about ethicsbecause they don't spend 5 minutes on the fact that the big bang to bacteria to man "theory" that students infer from science class is not as well proven as Newtons laws. I am not suggesting that they teach creation science in science calss just would like them a 5 minute clarification that science has gaps in explaining the big question of exactly where we came from.
@7th_Arty please summarise exactly what you think I am saying because your comments have never really had much to do with what I am trying to say.
Unless carla5010 or 7th_arty can make an attempt to summarise what I am saying without using the definitons or words that make my statements silly I see no point in replying to them. All statements are ambiguous and if someone is going to twist my words I hope they enjoy it but I see no point continuing the conversation.
The title of thread is "evolution should not be taught in schools" and its seems to have misled people and I apologize.  Lets start over from the begining.  Richard Dawkins is a favourite author of mine and I have brought most of his books. However in the debate he compares the theory of evolution to building aircraft. The clear implication from this and the rest of his books is that "science" built planes and it unquestionable they fly so when "science" says that we came from bacteria and their was no guiding hand then this is also unquestionable. Now these statement cause parents in the Bible belt a bit of stress and although you should not change the science syllabus to appease parents you should include the disclaimer that people have not evolved men from bacteria in labs so comparing macroevolution to feats of engineering is not quite true.
A question for everyone.  I assume that if a student was taught about genetics, dna and microevolution in school he could fill gaps and catch up to a student taught evolution as its currently taught in a single saturday afternoon in the library or browsing the web. Is this assumption wrong?
 if we are to educate students, then we will teach them that 1+1 = 2, and that 2+4 = 6, and 8x8 = 64 and that the theory of evolution explains how life has developed over the past X years. Not because it's what someone believes, but rather because it is what is.  I would not have a problem at all if people mentioned that the theory of evolution is a good explanation of a great deal of observed facts. However many people endorsing evolution comparing to engineering facts and I prefer books like my old physics textbook that teaches that special relativity has been used to build ridiculously expensive particle acclerators and is treated as an engineering fact but general relativity makes good predictions and is a useful theory but still has room to be modified.
I personally would not mind if evolution was not taught in schools. Just teach them about DNA and reproduction. If they care about the where do they come from they can teach themselves. To be honest if creationist parents were raised by creationist parents and the only parenting technique they have seen and understand involves repeatly stating "everying in the bible is true" I think we should let them have there way. If someone is incapable of analysing information by themselves they are better of just blindly believing their parents.  Hi! I'm new here! I do not think that evolution should be taught as if it is the absolute truth. It is okay (I guess) to teach it as one interpretation of the evidence, but to teach it as the truth is unacceptable (in my opinion). They have not proven evolution to be true. It is just one interpretation of the evidence that we see displayed in nature, just as creation is another interpretation of the evidence. Both creationists and evolutionists have the same science, the same facts; i.e. we have the same science of chemistry, physics, etc, and we also have the same facts or evidences, i.e. we have the same rocks, the same stars, germs, mutations, planet, moon, etc.   So hence, the battle between evolution and creation is not one over the evidence or over science, but how people interpret those evidences. I have a new proposition, why not just teach some science, and let the kids interpret what and how they want to? We don't need to be teaching evolution in physics and biology. Just teach the facts, just teach some science -- not philosophies (evolution). I am not saying that creation should belong in schools, but it belongs just as much as evolution does, it is just another interpretation of the evidence. It is just as "scientific" as evolution because it uses the same science and the same facts -- just different interpretations, or different stories  to explain  how things came into being.   Evolution takes the naturalistic side and rejects the existence of a creator God, while creation includes a creator God who made everything in a matter of days (EST, Earth Standard Time) about 6000 years ago. That is the only difference, the interpretation; i.e. the science is the same. You have got to remember that evolution is just a theory, not a fact. It has most definitely not been proved to be true.  Btw, creation is not blind faith. Many of the evidences make much more sense when interpreted from a creation view point. emoticon_smile
  Btw, creation is not blind faith. Many of the evidences make much more sense when interpreted from a creation view point. emoticon_smile  Can you give examples were the assumption that creationism is true gives a superior explanation of what we observe or were you making a joke?
@astronomyfan87 You find this forum full of people that despise creation science. Choose you words carefully when you want suggest that creationists are in any way rational. I was very lax in my wording and definitions when I attmpted to defend in one of the creationists claims in this thread and it did not go well.  I personally used to despise creationists but after thinking about it I thought I should give them some leeway.
Can you give examples w[h]ere the assumption that creationism is true gives a superior explanation of what we observe or were you making a joke?  Deadly serious friend. Firstly your question is already wrecked, because what is an assumption? An assumption is something that science can neither prove nor disprove. So is your question an attempt at making humour? I will answer it anyway, for one, design. Why should an accidental and purely naturalistic processes produce design and complexity? Meanwhile creation says that an all knowing and all powerful creator God made everything with planned purpose. Natural selection and mutations, the Laws of Thermodynamics and Casuality as well as other Laws of Nature, and so on.   Hey, its cool. I'm not worried whether or not you like creation, I'm not a real fan of evolutionism either. What is so bad about creation anyway? I can't find any holes in it! Please do inform me if you do. I won't be able to respond for the next few weeks as the rest of this week I'll be studying for my half yearlys, and next week I have a whole week of examinations, 14ish hours in total! :-(
Though they may exist, I am not aware of anyone who 'despises' the concept called 'creation science.'   I would be willing to bet that 7th arty has no tolerance for creationists and still think it wise to advise newcomers to prepare to choose words carefully or prepare to be insulted because thats what is currently happening to me.
OK 7th I accept I made a mistake in assuming that everyone knew why creationists oppose evolution in schools and what arguments they made to the supreme court.  Using this faulty assumption I instantly assumed people saw the connection between  teaching morality and evolution and did not explain it. I will also admit that you are smarter than me. And the vast majority of times you give posts containing interesting information in a very clear fashion, much more so than me   However explain this ---------------------------------------- Quote from Close: Originally Posted by Close_slave_can I beleive in the macroevolution,   7th reply: I don't believe in scientific theories. I accept them as the best explainations for the observed data - especially in those areas where I have some education and experience. I believe things for which I have no evidence or almost no evidence.  Websters dictionary defintion of believe: [v] accept as true; take to be true; -----------------------------------------    Also explain this ---------------------------------------- Quote from 7th directed at Close: Do you know what science is? Why do you keep babbling about things being proved?  Quoted by 7th_Arty: Those are examples of macroevolution beyond any doubt. Also quoted by 7th_Arty:  I reread this entire thread and found no insults.  Now I don't understand how anyone would think the phrase "why do you keep babbling about..." is a polite  And I don't understand how anyone can be totally against the word prove and use a phrase like "beyond any doubt", if you have no doubt isn't that proof?  ----------------------------------------   On a different thread ---------------------------------------- Quote: Originally Posted by Defender Name me an animal that swings its tail like a cedar.   Reply from 7th_Arty: I presume that you mean "Name an animal..." rather than expressing a desire to be called by some animal name.   Fact of life: "Name me animal" is a common expression so are you making a joke? -----------------------------------------
@7th_Arty Sorry I still don't understand Do you claim Macroevolution is something beyond doubt? Do you claim Macroevolution is part of science and science is not about proving things? Do claim that if something is beyond doubt you do not have proof?  ------------------------------------------------------------------- Edit: I wll admit these questions are not entirely honest. It was a cheap ploy to get 7th_Arty to list a bunch of definitions for the word evolution and to get him to tell me were I was using the wrong definition. I could then get some of 7th_Arty's sentences and interpret them using the wrong definition and accuse 7th of being confused. But although I would enjoy my silly little game no one else would. I will accept that 7th has a different way of looking at the world and I cannot claim my way is superior. I think calling someone semiliterate for saying "their it is" is a totally unacceptable insult and 7th thinks it is just a statement of fact. Maybe 7th is right because if everyone was as lax with English as me the English language would degenerate into gibberish. An example of my heathen ways I do not think apostrophes are at all necessary because you can always work out what is going on and I only use them to please others. I would not use them in letters to my friends.  -------------------------------------------------------------------    To "believe" something in the sense that creationist mean is to accept without evidence. It is a common ploy to claim that evolutionists "believe" in evolution just like creationists "believe" in creationism.    So creationists misuse a word and you assumed I was misusing it the same way even though the my statement "I believe in evolution" showed I was not a creationist. Can you honestly say that this is right and proper?     There's where you are wrong, you see? There is no connection between the teaching of morality and evolution. None what so ever. Believe it or not, evolutionists are moral people. In fact, many of them are Christians.  I honestly don't see how moral evolutionsists show that evolution has nothing to do with teaching morality. It just shows that you that evolutionists can teach morality.
Actually I do know why creationists oppose the teaching of evolution. OK could you please list all the reasons why creationists oppose evolution and show us why every reason has no merit at all.
To 7th_Arty: Firstly you try to define what evolution is: 1) there is the definition of evolution. Which events are to be considered evolution and which are not. Evolution is a change in the allele frequency of a population over time. In other words, if it isn't a change in the hereditary makeup of a population across generations, it isn't evolution.  That is a pretty broad definition, one that dances in both real science and historical science - historical science that is driven by philosophies. So any change in a population over time is evolution? Even if it is information loosing? You see, I perfer to use the GTE - General Theory of Evolution - that is basically molecules to man evolution, which is information gaining. The so-called evolution that we observe, such as anti-biotic resistance, is what I would call "variation with in a kind" and is an information loosing process, i.e. mutation. So in that respect, evolution is a very confusing definition.   Antibiotic and pesticide resistance is also what creation would predict, because it is an information loosing process, in the case of antibiotic resistance, every bacteria produces a small amount of enzyme that disables and destroys the antibiotics. But since very little of the enzyme is produced, the bacteria is subsquently surrounded and destroyed by the anti-biotics. So, if the bacteria has a certain mutation that disables the bacteria's ability to control how much of this enzyme it produces, more and more enzymes are being produced and destroy the antibiotics. Hence, the bacteria aquires antibiotic resistance, through the loss of an ability, i.e. information lost.  2) evolution has been observed. Events that meet the above definition are evident and pervasive. That evolution happens is "beyond any doubt." I have given several examples of evolution that we can see happening. Polar bears/brown bears. Herring gulls to lesser black-backed gulls around the globe. Salamanders around the central valley of California. Green warblers around the Tibetan plateau. There are several examples of the speciation of fruit flies in the lab. Most laboratory strains of fruit fly are no longer able to interbreed with the populations from which they were derived. Peppered moths, in only 150 years went from all light colored to almost all black and back to almost all white. The color of the peppered moth is controlled by a single gene.   Firstly, let us deal with the peppered moths argument. Don't you know? The peppered moths argument for evolution was a recently exposed fraud! Now some of the science journals (e.g. Nature  396(6706):35-36) admit that it's bunk! These moths never even rested on the trunks in the daylight! To bolster the story, dead moths were glued or pinned onto trees to provide impressive photography, for more information see Creation  magazine 21(3):56, 1999. Even if the it was not a fraud, it would still not be any evidence for the GTE. We had light and dark moths before the industrial revolution, we have light and dark moths after the industrial revolution. The only thing that would have changed would have been the population ratios. This is just (if it were not a fraud) an example of natural selection - which creationists do accept and believe in, because it is what we observe.  You also talk about the fruit flies in the labs. You wonder why they don't breed with their original species!!?? Because the poor things are being bombarded with radiation just to produce mutations. These mutations can cause legs to grow out of their heads, for example. These mutations never actually provide new information, they just screw up the existing information and make survival for the creature harder. This is the opposite of what is need for the GTE. Once again, this is just variation with in a kind, not evolution.   You also talk about polar bears/brown bears and the birds. This is not evidence of GTE. There are are at least 8 species of the "Bear family" (Ursidae), including the polar bear and the brown bear, Amercian black bears and so on. While both evolutionists and creationists consider these specialized characteristics to be adaptations to the environment through natural selection, the two camps are poles apart as to how most of this variation came about in the first place.   Evolutionists believe that the genetic (hereditary) information (which supplies the &#8216;recipe&#8217; to construct such specialized features in the developing embryo) all arose by an accumulation of copying errors (mutations). Any &#8216;good&#8217; errors which helped the creature to survive were passed on. In this way, they believe that these design features are all the result of these copying mistakes, accumulated by selection over millions of years.   Creationists, however, while accepting that all of today&#8217;s bears probably descended from a single bear kind, do not believe that the information in the &#8216;recipes&#8217; for all these design features arose by chance. No-one has ever observed any biological process adding information!  A better explanation is that virtually all the necessary information was already there in the genetic makeup of the first bears, a population created by God with vast genetic potential for variation. In this, the bear kind has "diversified" through time to all the species that we see today. Certain species would have taken different parts of the original genome with them as they adapted to their individual environments (through natural selecion).  This doesn&#8217;t mean that all of the features of today&#8217;s bears would have been on obvious display back then. A simple example would be the way in which mongrel dogs obviously had the potential to develop all the different breeds we see today. Thus, there was no actual poodle to be seen among mongrel dogs hundreds of years ago, but by looking closely at many of them, one would have seen at least some of the individual features found in today&#8217;s poodles popping up here and there. For more information on this interesting topic of the diversity of bears, I would invite you to check out: [URL=http://www.answersingenesis.org/creation/v20/i4/bears.asp[/URL]   The same kind of thing can be shown for the birds that you mentioned, just variation within a kind through mutations and natural selection, i.e. information loosing processes.  3) The theories that explain the above observations of the facts that meet the definition. The theories also explain our observations of the historical events preserved in the fossil record. Theories of evolution explain the nested hierarchy we observe in living things. Evolutionary theory explains (but first it predicted) the transitional forms that we find in the fossil record that have a range of primitive feathers that become more modern in more recent fossils. Evolutionary theory explains why fossils like Archaeopteryx have killing claws on its feet, grasping claws on its wings, teeth, and a long boney tail - just like a dinosaur.   Creation has, like evolution, made many predictions that is based on the Bible. Such predictions include rapid variation within a kind, the mass extinction of species through the flood, and through the following ice age. We would expect to see millions of dead things laid down by sedimetary rock in the fossil record -- and that is what we see. We see fossils where there are animals that are still in the middle of giving birth, eating food -- probably from Noah's flood. We would also expect that there is no observed SNRs (Super Nova Remenants) in the third stage - and that is what we get - although talkorigins.com totally screws up the scientific evidence - they totally change it to suit their own story. They have no references and the article was not even written by a Ph.D. scientist - unlike the Answers in Genesis article.   The supposed transitional form called Archaeopteryx is not a transitional fossil. For one, it has fully formed flying feathers (including asymmetric vanes and ventral, reinforcing furrows as in modern flying birds), the classical elliptical wings of moder woodland birds and a large wishbone for attachment of muscles responsible for the downstroke of the wings (Science  259(5096):790-793, February 5, 1993).   If you know anything about birds, than you would know that "asymmetric vanes" mean that the bird is a very powerful flyer. This is very powerful evidence to suggest that the wings are not transitional. Alan Feduccia, a world authority on birds at the university of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and an evolutionist himself, disagrees with the scientists who claim that Archaeopteryx is a transitional form says: "Paleontologiss have tried to turn Archaeopteryx into an earth-bound, feathered dinosaur. But it's not. It is a bird, a pearching bird. And no amount of "paleobabble" is going to change that." (Cited in V. Morell, "Archaeopteryx: Early bird catches a can of worms," Science  259(5059):764-65, February 5, 1993).   I would also invite you to look at the following site about the fossil record and the fossils that are in it: http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/faq/fossils.asp Best wishes, astronomyfan87.
 Biological evolution is a change in the frequency of alleles in a population over time.    Can an allele with a former frequency of 0 end up with a frequency above 0 under this definition? As far as I can tell you need to assume this if you want to say that humans have fish and bacteria for ancestors.
@ 7th_Arty  Why is my statement "man has fish ancestors" silly and your statement about evidence of life having a common ancestor reasonble. I honestly cannot see the difference between statements so I think we must be using different definitions. By the way I am not a creationist I just think their concerns about moral relativism have some merit.
@7th_Arty  So fish to man is a straw man argument and fish to lungfish to reptile to reptile/ratthing hybrid to ratthing to rhesusmonkeything to "chimpthing" to man is not a straw man argument? Total nonsense, I just saved some time.    And by the way do you know what moral relativism is? Just look it up on the web. Can you honestly say that everyone can handle the possibility that all morals are relative? You certainly cannot after looking at how many times you write people off as subintelligent. Can you say that anything that explains the origins of man withour refering to a divine creators with absolute morals makes moral relativism more agreeable. I have met people that do not find moral relativism acceptable and so have you. Just because we can accept it doesn't mean we can expect every other human being to accept it.
7th_Arty called me a liar and stated that admin/astronomy fan were actually the same dishonest gutless(ganaless?) people. Also 7th_Arty got angry when people said he was confused but he was happy to say other people were confused. I feel it has to reasonable to say "The facts don't support you opinions at all" but hostility and nasty accusations without strong evidence to back them up simply are not constructive in my opinion.
Schools don't teach that we 'come from slime'.  They do not use those exact words but they do. Also go to dawkins site he makes similar statements. I happen to agree but the lack of proof is glossed over. Also since Ken ham got through and his science degree OK I am still convinced any student can fill in the gaps themselves if and when they want to. It is nothing like not teaching to read and not even close to not teaching them mathematics themselves because the idea can quickly learnt.
 My education would be completely lacking if i had never had this taught to me. The point is to create well rounded students who are presented with all ideas, and then go on to draw their own conclusions. School simply does not create well rounded students and develop critical thinking. If you were not taught evolution you would have taught it to yourself.
Some of this discussion is a little hard to follow. What I am led to understand is that it isn't a problem to let students believe what they are taught by their parents when it comes to the "origin of life and the universe" question and that it isn't appropriate for schools to undermine what the parents are teaching in that regard. That to me is fine.
Make up your mind. Either they do or they don't. in explaining any of the following:  the Hardy-Weinberg Law   I understand this much better than you do. Unless you can describe the necessity of an infinite population in terms of finite Markov chains, 1 eigenvalue being 0 and the rest being negative, so there is one constant stationary state and any other starting state decays towards it exponentially.
@ungerdunn  You gave me elementary questions. The only I am having slight problems with is Punctuated Equilibrium. I reckon I will work it tomorrow. Please give me some non-elementary questions. Incidentally I would fully support all the theories you talked about being discussed in schools so I don't see the relevance.
@Undergunn and Cushla Machee I feel a bit silly answering questions from people that seem to have no respect for me but here goes  name six mechanisms of evolution, 3 that increase genetic diversity and 3 that decrease it 1)recominabation - increase in diversity 2)mutation -increase in diversity 3)genetic drift -loss of diversity. I can model it with Markov chains and use it to prove the requirement of infinite population for the Hardy weinberg law and I challenge you to do the same.  4)natural selection- Genes that reduce you chance of getting to mate do not get passed so in a single generation there is less diversity.  5)non-random mating-The same as natural selection for this argument 6)gene flow- new species migrate from elsewhere so I would say increase in diversiy  As for the founder effect and the Amish, there were only a few Amish immigrants that migrated initially and they kept to themselves so they had an initial lack of genetic diversity.   As for the peacocks tail I it is something I have thought of often and I used it to come up with my own theory. Consider the Blue whale. In many ways we have more intelligence and a more advanced language than them due to our different brains. However the blue whale never evolved some of our mental abilities even though with its massive size a bigger brain is not such a liability. We evolved a bigger brain even though with our smaller size it takes more of our daily energy intake to run. Now the fact we have hands and opposable thumbs makes our advanced intelligence worthwhile but what about speech? Could there be a peacock tail effect? If our ancestors prefered sexual partners with above average speech centres couldn't our speech centre grow just like the peacocks tail? Under my theory it was a happy coincidence that it kept growing until we got to the stage that we could explain things to our young. If you like this sort of discussion I would recommend Richard Dawkins books.     As for your question about baldness it seems a bit tedious  If your wifes father is not bald and none of the wife siblings are bald then I would lean towards the assumption that the father in law is XBYb and the mother in law is XbXb. However if the wife only has sisters then a possibility is father in law could be XbYB and the probability of a sister being bald is zero. Another possibility is the father in law is XBYb and the mother in law is XBXb because you could have sisters XbXB and brothers XbYb. Am I supposed to assign aribitary possibilities p, q and 1- p - q to each of the three possibilites. As for a man with that is bald who father is not bald then you the Father is XbYb and the existance of a non bald brother would mean the mother would have to be XBXb but again you said sibling and not brother so I would have to assign probabilities t and 1-t the XbYbXBXb and XbYbXBXB
 Here, i will make it simple for you, apply it to this: p2 + 2pq + q2 = 1   If you insist but it is not relevant to my question of why you need the assumption of an inifinite population for p to be constant in a population. Anyway consider proportion of "A" genes in a population is p (the allele frequency of A is p). and the proportion of "a" genes is 1-p. All the genes have the same chance of going into to the next generation so obviously p is fixed. But if you want the sort of argument that would convince everyone here it is.  Note: that if a 2 follows something it means squared  so p2 = p squared and p3 = p cubed.   Now in the initial generation if the allele frequency of A is p then  P(AA) = p2 P(aA) = 2p(1-p) = 2p-2p2 P(aa)= (1-p)2 = 1 - 2p +p2  So in the next generation P(AA) = P( parents AAAA) + 1/2 P(parents AaAA)+1/2P(parents(AAAa)+ 1/4 P(parents(AaAa)) =p4 + 2p3-2p4+ p2-2p3 +p4 =p2.   I swear on my own eyes that I fully understand the maths of what is going on here.  edit: my wording sucks and I admit it and I won't change it. Attack it if you will but I don't see how you can honestly continue to claim that I have absolutely know idea about what is going on, How could I come up with that mathetical argument with no understanding at all.
Your answers to the peacock and the baldness questions was(sic) pure ****. That isn't enough to pass. You get a F.  Why is my answer to the baldness question pure ****? What is wrong with it? I had to use my crappy informal language to show I understand what is going on, I could google for a polished answer but what would that prove? Since I attempted to give answers to your questions could you give answers to mine? Are you going to give any answer as to why the Hardy-Weinberg law needs the assumption of an infinite population.
That is one reason why Hardy-Weinberg would need an infinite sample size. What would be another reason? It is in a sense related to the Barbarians answer.
The other reason I was talking about was genetic drift. If there is a random system with a finite number of states and one of them is absorbing like the situation where the frequency is 0 or 1 then the absorbing state must be reached eventually. I have actually given a tutorial at Uni on how to work out the time to absorbtion of a random system where some states are absorbing using Markov chains. I am happy to go through the process if anyone is interested.
That question has me stumped Barbarian.  I can only offer a guess.  As I understand it the assumptions of Hardy Wienberg are Assumptions  1)large population - to insure no sampling error from one generation to the next  2)random mating - no assortive mating or mating by genotype  3)no mutations - or mutational equilbrium even new mutations have little effect on allele frequencies from one generation to the next  4)no migration between populations  5)no selection - all genotypes reproduce with equal success   Since these assumptions are not true I assume the violated assumptions cancel each other out. A hypothetical scenario would be that gene A could mutate into gene B and gene B could mutate into gene A. This would ensure a mix of genes in a small populations.  edit: a fancier version of my answer.  If you had a population of 1000 and two genes A and B could be at a Locus. If you had the situatin that gene A mutates into gene B 10% of the time during reproduction and gene B mutates into gene A 90% of the time then the population will be attracted to the state where there allele frequency is 0.9. As long as mutation from 1 gene to another is fixed then there is a unique attractive state. The maths is good but I do not if the claim of constant mutation rate is reasonable. If it is true the system will move towards a unique stationary(unchanging state) state exponentially fast. This is using the theory of Markov chains. I find it quite interesting and I encourage you read up on it if you understand eigenvectors and eigenvalues.  further edit: my can be extended to the case were they are alleles A,B,C as long as any allele can mutate into the other in a finite number of steps and the mutation rate is fixed.
I have a challenge that will take me a long time.  "alleles mutate into each other" into google got one hit, since it was talking about canalization which seems to when things stay the same maybe my theory might actually happen in and nature "forces" the allele frequencies to be fixed and "immune" to genetic drift even with a small population under a very specific circumstances. I am probably wrong and most likely I will not gain a deep understanding but attempting to work it out would keep me off the streets.   here is a quote from the article.  This model is a simplified version of the ''modifier model'' of genetic canalization studied by Wagner et al. (1997). I consider a quantitative trait X affected by eight additive ''structural'' loci and one modifier locus. There are two alleles, denoted by ''2'' and ''1'' at each of the structural loci. These alleles mutate into each other with a haploid genomic rate U. These mutations ensure maintenance of genetic variation at the structural loci.
 Yes, I suppose we would, but then, with the speed and violence at which the flood occurred we would also expect to see quite a mixture of species in each of the various strata. But we actually see more primitive species in lower strata and more modern species in upper strata; we see transitional forms linking major taxonomic groups, and the species showing more primitive characteristics are always lower in the geologic record that those showing the more advanced traits. We never see any kind of bird in Devonian strata, we never see any human in Jurassic strata, and so on. Hydrological sorting does not explain how the great variety of species that existed at each time is only found in the correct strata, not higher, not lower. Differences in intelligence does not explain how even plants are segregated. And no method that the flood geologists have come up with has ever been able to explain the perfect sorting of the various species.   What do you call human and dinosaur footprints fossilized together in the same mud? Those have been found, what do you say?
Where does 'science' say we come from? Well, which 'science'?  There are many different sciences, taught throughout the world as 'science'.   "Presently, curriculum designers around the world may differ in their views about topics to include in the science curriculum. However, they almost all would include the nature of science in science curriculum (American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1989; Hazen & Trefil, 1991; Lederman, 1992; and Rutherford & Ahlgren, 1990)." http://www.balfakih.net/epistemology.htm  That is, for instance, some countries teach a different science... such as (Marxist) Science. (I place "Marxist" in brackets to differentiate from the sciene we receive... in those nations it would be referred to as 'science', and our science would be called 'Capitalist' science).*  The 'science' that you speak of as normative is as much an indication of cultural bias as anything.  The science we receive is itself a product of western male-dominated society. This is evidenced by gender bias in scientific papers. "Narrative conventions form part of scientific description. These are forms of words that are typical of a particular thought process. Haraway (1989) uses the tools of literary theory to demonstrate how hypotheses in primatology and evolutionary theory depend on narrative conventions (for example, casting the transition from ape to hominid as a heroic drama) and tropes (for example, casting primates as mirrors of human nature)."(http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/f...m-epistemology/) This means that in the male-dominated western idea of evolution, male-dominated forms of description are used (conventions) to convey evolutionary theory. What you may believe to be valueless; science, is in fact riddled with values.  Therefore I ask again which science are you referring to?  (then I would ask, why is this science 'science' and not any other?)   *Evolutionary Science as taught in the west is highly influneced by the philopsophy of materialism.  ** An example of gender-bias in science comes from no less a leading light than Charles Darwin  Darwin postulated that females are ''coy,'' mating rarely and choosing their mates carefully, presumably betting their odds on the males with the best genes to contribute to their offspring. For their part, males are ''ardent'' and promiscuous, and fight amongst themselves for female partners. Later theories added that males are promiscuous because they have less to lose by making babies - unlike eggs, sperm are plentiful and small. Plus, females usually do most of the work to raise the offspring? http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_relea...u-sag021003.php  Darwin himself a product of the 1800s (when women were seen but not heard), could not escape his gendered language.
Thanks for the welcome back... I'll attempt to pace myself this time   How man came to be;  Evolution as postulated by Darwin Special Creation Creation Devolution etc....  There are many different theories. Even within 'Darwinism'...   "A general listing of these theories include Darwinism (descent with modification by natural selection; and in and of itself a set of theories; i.e., 'Strict Darwinism', 'General Darwinism', etc.; and an 'umbrella' term sometimes used in other evolutionary theories as a basis, which is then modified), Lamarckianism ("inheritance of acquired characteristics"), saltationalism (evolution proceeding by major leaps or jumps), gradualism (slow, uniform accumulation of modifications), punctuated equilib rium (periods of stasis followed by brief, intense periods of speciation), phyletic gradualism (speciation occurs gradually over a species' entire range), orthogenesis (evolution that follows a single direction or specific trend continuously, "straight- line" evolution, often appearing to be independent of natural selection), creationism (a religious, non-scientific, pseudoscientific preconceived dogmatic construct), etc.? http://www.skeptictank.org/hs/factfaq.htm  AND   "There are various kinds of dynamics of macroevolution. Punctuated equilibrium theory proposes that once species have originated, and adapted to the new ecological niches in which they find themselves, they tend to stay pretty much as they are for the rest of their existence. Phyletic gradualism suggests that species continue to adapt to new challenges over the course of their history. Species selection and species sorting theories claim that there are macroevolutionary processes going on that make it more or less likely that certain species will exist for very long before becoming extinct, in a kind of parallel to what happens to genes in microevolution. " http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/macroevolution.html That is, there are many different theories on the rates of change, and the patterns of change... so you've got different ideas about Darwinism, and about how fast/slow change happened.  Not only speed, but place come into debate, as Diregional Evolutionary Hypothesis* -vs- the Multiregional Evolutionary Hypothesis shows. - In my own time at university, doing (and failing) pre-history (c.1986), there were several different models put forward for the rise of man... It should be noted that each was acceptable because they were based on the evidences, yet each was mutually exclusive - so the evidences pointed to totally different conclusions.**  This is to be expected as many other theories had existed... such as De Vries Mutation Theory, Orthogenesis et al.  Thus when people on this and other posts say that they support 'Evolution' I wonder if they know what they mean by it... especially as they oft put forward an argument against religion - that religion must be false, because there are so many of them. (they all can't be true).  * - Read "THE ORIGIN AND PAST OF MODERN HUMANS AS VIEWED FROM DNA Proceedings of the Workshop on the Origin and Past of Homo sapiens sapiens as Viewed from DNA ? Theoretical Approach"  ** - My textbook states that each of the following; the Unilinear School; the Polyphyletic School' the Preneanderthal School; and the Presapiens School were all valid possibilities to the pathway our ancestors took. Poirier, F E, "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology"
Hello, Montalban.  If I'm not mistaken, your main points is:  Competing hypotheses can coexist together in science until definitive evidence comes along to eliminate one or the other possibility. Although competing theories can have their partisan supporters (and, yes, the arguments can get quite heated, even among "objective" scientists), in general even when a scientist supports on hypothesis over the others, she will acknowledge the other hypotheses exist and she will acknowledge the evidence that supports it.  No one ever argues that a religion is false because other, competing religions exist. What is being refuted is a particular argument in favor of a specific religion. Many adherents of some religions, like Christian Protestant fundamentalist, refuse the acknowledge the validity of other religions or that their own religion might be wrong. What is being objected to is when such a sectarian partisan says, "My religion is the true religion because it has characteristics x, y, and z." What is being pointed out is that other religions also have characteristics x, y, and z, so by that standard these religions must also be true. Since, the sectarian insists that only theirs is the true religion, this produces a contradiction.  That's close to my main point. In part my criticism of evolution is the reverse of your understanding of Protestantism (though I'm no Protestant).  You say that they believe that only they hold the truth, and everyone else is wrong (within certain limits - say Catholics might be half right)  Evolution says that it holds no understanding of truth, and that all theories (within limits) are true or possibly true, or equally valid - whichever term satisfies you.  The limitations that I see most applied to evolution is that the process doesn't involve God.  Thus a leading scientist such as Crick can believe in panspermia... specifically he stated the option that life on earth began when aliens built giant space-ships and these contained the building blocks for life, and one landed/crashed on earth... which of course begs the question 'where did the aliens come from'... but it can still fit/be accepted by evolutionary science because it doesn't involve the supernatural... no matter how silly it is.    What do you know of 'devolution'?
That is a general principle of science. One is not allowed to weasel out of a difficult question by saying, "It was a miracle" or "that is the way God wants it". If we did that, how would we make any progress at all?  Biology is a science like any other. A hypothesis has been made: all species are descended from one or a few common ancestral species, and the mechanism, or main mechanism, that produces evolutionary change is natural selection on inherited characteristics.  From this hypothesis one can make predictions. Many of these predictions have been verified by subsequent observation. This is what makes it a science, no more, no less.  It is not the purpose of science in any field to study God. That can only be a personal pursuit of the individual.  I have never understood why biology is singled out of all the sciences when none of them involve God.  I wouldn't call faith 'weasling out'.  As shown on the Noah's Ark debate running concurrent to this, with rational science we can show that  Man and Neanderthal were separate species that never crossed (in genetic terms)  That Man and Neanderthal never did, but could have - therefore blurring the idea of 'separete species'  That Man and Neanderthal actually did do so.  We have the evidences for all three/ or two if you count the first two the same. Even though they be mutually exclusive.  Therefore, when looking at the rise of man, which I touched upon here earlier (with countless different theories rising and falling, or living side-by-side even though they too be mutually exclusive) we have then, I believe an example of man's own silly belief in himself. He's determined that he'll find the 'answer', and yet simply bemuddles himself.  I thus think science, in particular 'evoltionary science' is the act of not realising one's own limitations, and casting a disparaging eye on those who simply love God and believe Him.  It is a battle between ideologies, between those who love Man, and those who love God.
I take it you haven't read much in the way of the history of science. All the scientific fields go through this, and in each of the scientific fields right now there exist mutually exclusive competing theories. That is the nature of science - we never have all the answers. But in the case of the Neanderthal/Modern Human question, each of the hypotheses are consistent with the theory of evolution, and each is consistent with the general theory of how modern humans evolved. The only question is about particular detail about the history of humans in one particular region of the world.  You're actually in agreement with my arguments about science, excepting you don't see it as a negative... (I should like to quote you on this in future)  Iis BECAUSE science is constantly in flux, and presenting contradiction that I do not hold it as my uber-faith. I have faith in constancy, and that is God.  Evolutionary science is being taught as fact in schools over the idea of Christianity, and scientists are believed to be above all of us - dispassionate, rational, without human foibles.  On the Noah debate Waxy talks of   Science, unfettered by agendas and beliefs, is purest form of human endeavours. It's what has gotten us where we are, and is what will enable our continued survival and understanding of our world.  Where is that ever been achieved - 'pure' science? If there's a human involved, then there are human weaknessess/strengths all over it.
You're right, I don't see this as a negative. Human beings are finite mortals, and we just aren't going to understand everything, and we are going to be wrong sometimes. Sometimes we are going to be confused. That's life, and I accept it.  I agree with you, so far. I have no problem also with people pusuing science. I do believe though that scientists should understand their limitations...  No one wants you to hold it as your uber-faith. Well, no reasonable person does. It is all well that you trust in the constancy of God, but remember, all you know about God is what other mortal human beings have taught you, what other fallible human beings have written about God, and what you feel within yourself about God.  I like your 'reasonable' tag. Unfortunately, I have yet to find even a half dozen people (from your camp) on three fora who do not belittle faith. You seem to be one of the reasonable ones.  Evolution is a fact. Sorry, I know you don't like it, but it is a fact. No school teaches evolution over Christianity, at least not here in the U.S., because it is not inconsistent with Christianity. And I know scientists, I have worked with scientists, and no scientist I have ever known personally believe they are above other people. Well, except for particle physicists - they are an egotistical lot.  Here we have a parting of the waves.  a) It is inconsistant with Christianity. b) Therefore it is not a fact (as far as reasonable Christians are concerned).  Christianity teaches us several things...  one - God created the world - He is an active participant in His creation. Evoltuinary science says that species came about through materialistic processes, that is, without God.  two - Man sinned, allowing death into the world, and Jesus came to conquer death... there is no space for that statement in evolution as it requires a re-working of Christian faith in order to accomadate evolution - such as, which ape first got a soul, and then sinned? etc.
Ursus "In short, the triumph of Darwinism implied the death of God an set the stage for replacing Biblical religion with a new faith based on evolutionary naturalism. That new faith would become the basis not just of science but also of government, law and morality. It would be the established religious philosophy of modernity." (Fr. Seraphim Rose, "Genesis, Creation and Early Man", p17)     We both agree that science is limited by the erroreous methods of very human .... well, humans.  Errors may present themselves with the advent of 'big science'; " the organization of large numbers of scientists bringing different bodies of expertise to a common research project." http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/s...owledge-social/   Hardwig in 1985 published research on the 'big science' project. He suggests that because a project becomes so large, no one scientist is an expert on all matters of the project; therefore there is a reliance upon the expertise of others in the project. "This leads Hardwig to ask two questions, one about the evidential status of testimony, and one about the nature of the knowing subject in these cases. With respect to the latter, Hardwig says that either the group as a whole, but no single member, knows or it is possible to know vicariously. Neither of these is palatable to him. Talking about the group or the community knowing smacks of superorganisms and transcendent entities and Hardwig shrinks from that solution. Vicarious knowledge, knowing without oneself possessing the evidence for the truth of what one knows, requires, according to Hardwig, too much of a departure from our ordinary concepts of knowledge."   Ibid.  Errors present themselves through social constructs and normative notions of the scientists themselves. What is chosen as science, is based on engendered notions...  "Presently, curriculum designers around the world may differ in their views about topics to include in the science curriculum. However, they almost all would include the nature of science in science curriculum (American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1989; Hazen & Trefil, 1991; Lederman, 1992; and Rutherford & Ahlgren, 1990)."  http://www.balfakih.net/epistemology.htm  OR  political notions  There's; Nazi Science Marxist Science Feminist Science Capitalist Science various Nationalist Sciences Finnish nationalist science! (see http://www.hyl.edu.hel.fi/sivut/com...fi/finfact.html or http://www.hf-fak.uib.no/smi/paj/isotalo.html) (yes, there's more than one site)  Indian (see http://www.ljudmila.org/nettime/zkp4/08.htm) Chinese   OR  various religious-Sciences Pythaogrean Science Christian (Creationist) Science Islamic Science  (some of these are psueduo sceinces, depending upon your a priori understandings of normative science)  For example, Marxists claim to have a special insight into science...applying Maxian ideas of construction to science...  " According to the traditional 'internalist' view of science, scientists make up their minds on scientific issues primarily through reason, argument and evidence. Other factors may be involved, but they should be weeded out."  http://www.stephenjaygould.org/revi...ciobiology.html (can the ever be?)  "A major reason why evolutionist arguments can sound so persuasive is because they often combine assertive dogma with intimidating, dismissive ridicule towards anyone who dares to disagree with them. Evolutionists wrongly believe that their views are validated by persuasive presentations invoking scientific terminology and allusions to a presumed monopoly of scientific knowledge and understanding on their part. But they haven?t come close to demonstrating evolutionism to be more than an ever-changing theory with a highly questionable and unscientific basis."  http://www.freerepublic.com/forum/a3b2f5b4b2437.htm  But evolutionary theory is one of these sciences, which is why it is always in constant flux, which we both agree with, and why I choose not to rest my faith on such shaky grounds.  "Long ago (in the 4th century!) one of the Church's teachers Vasilius the Great wrote about this. He advised the Orthodox Christians neither to rely upon the scientific data in order to provide foundation for their faith in Christ, nor to try to disprove them, because "the scientists permanently disprove themselves."  http://www.pravoslavie.ru/english/age-of-earth.htm    Thus, science can not be the ultimate, over-arching measure for truth. Something else, is needed.  "No on should think that the Creation of Six Days is an allegory" said St Ephraim the Syrian   St. Basil the Great in his Hexatemeron says "Therefore, let it be understood as it has been written."   These are statements of truth. God has said so, any other comepting idea of truth, must be false... and as shown, science is filled with errors.  However, many Protestants are determined to fight error-filled science with error-filled science. This to me is a fools errand. Though I have used science of the evolutionist to criticise itself. "Liberal Protestantism can be fairly simply identified. It is a tendency which regards human reason as paramount and which begins its theologising from the agenda of the secular world. It thus appears as continual impulse to modernize the faith, to abandon the confines of the historic creeds, and to accommodate the thought and practices of the churches to those of the secular world...In many ways, liberal Protestantism was (an)... attempt to create an intellectually supportable version of Christianity, in the face of massive divisions within the body of those who claimed to worship the same God." Schaeffer, F, "Dancing Alone: The Quest for Orthodox Faith in the Age of False Religion", pp193-4.   Rational-Christianity, as spawned in the west, actually gave birth to evolution.
Why would god bother to say so? How is your understanding of the physical world related to your soul?  I don't know why God would bother with us in any way, other than He loves us.  He has told us of Himself, and He has stated that He is a creative God - that is He created the world, and that He is continually interested in His creation - that He didn't just 'start the ball rolling'.  As to the second question, I can't glean what you mean so as to answer you, excepting...  God has stated who He is. For us to turn our back on Him and come up with alternative ideas is to ignore God.
Hello. Montalban.  It is not for me to argue about Christian theology, seeing that I am not a Christian. All I can say is that many Christians, probably most but I don't have any statistical data, accept that the theory of evolution is compatible with Christianity. Since I don't recognize you as the spokesperson for Christianity (no offense intended), I simply will not rely on your word, or anyone else's, that evolution and Christianity are incompatible, at least not until all Christians agree that it is.  As far as your other quotes, I confess I do not understand their significance to the debate. As I am not interested in discussing Christian theology, I will content myself with sticking to a scientific discussion.  Indeed I don't make any claim to be the spokesperson for all Christians, but I can tell you Christian truth as understood by my church.  I can, and have in the past quoted many Church Fathers who understood the book of Genesis as true.  That you know of Christians who accept evolution, well I can say this... most people I know, who are Christians, don't really understand Christianity - most people are just happy enough to work five days a week, play with the kids, watch the footy etc.  If we're dealing with people who have put much thought into this, that's another matter - and even here, you must know full well differences in understanding about your version of evolution, and populist notions of evolution, so it means not a great deal that there are many you know or know of, who accept both.  The nature of Orthodox Christianity is not really about personal opinion anyway... but about accepted truths and teachings as handed down.
On a slightly different tack, I had a debate on another forum about 'open minds'.  One poster claimed that he didn't make up his mind about evolution until he knew all the facts.  I said that this was just self-belief in his own ability to maintain an open mind, and in fact doesn't make sense.  From the moment you first sit in front of the TV, you're bombarded with pro-evolution stuff.  Everything from the more obvious things such as the "Walking with Dinosaurs" TV series, to any program on nature - "The friendly otter has evolved to eat the...." etc.  Even popular culture, such as Star Trek* has it as a truth.  Then the obvious thing about when you are taught evolution - you must be taught it, in order to make up your mind. If it is taught less convincingly, perhaps you are less likely to believe in it. So the actual way it is taught, affects your decision.  I said to him his self-belief didn't make sense, because, even suppose he had lived on a desert island devoid of cultural influences, the first time he hears about 'evolution', he'd have to say "What's that?" in order to make up his mind.  How he is taught it, will affect his belief. He believes he didn't make up his mind till after he found out about it, but even during the process of education, things were swaying him.  Anyway, it is part of western culture to believe in the ultimate superiority of the rational mind - the achievements of science are heralded as the great milestones of history.  Faith, especially Christian faith is constantly lampooned. (at least in this country - where I've seen so many comedy sketches lampooning clergy).      This is not an attempt to say that I have an open-mind, or that I didn't make up my mind till one point or another - I'm simply trying to point out to a lot of people that they're not aware of the socialising factors that influence them.     *I am a big fan of Star Trek. Recall "Star Trek: The Motion Picture"? Spock says of the V'Ger entity "Perhaps it is the next step in man's evolution". This is but one example of this reinforcement from Star Trek.  Other popularising of evolution can be found in such films as X-Men, and the like.
Sounds like a sensible way to live, to me.  It does, but it seems rather too head-in-the-sand for me.  Yes, I realize that there are many misconceptions about the theory of evolution (as well as Relativity and Quantum Mechanics) among the general population. One purpose of these boards, and for popular science books and magazines, is to try to present a more accurate picture of science to the general public.  By the way, I'm not saying that philosophy and history of science shouldn't be discussed. I'm just saying that I am perhaps not the person with whom you should be debating whether Christianity and evolution are compatible. I can't see why not, myself, but being an outsider to the faith one may claim that this isn't my business.  Don't under-estimate yourself.  By the way, when I give quotes from the Holy Fathers, I know that most Protestants ignore them.   St John Crysotomon, St Ephraim the Syrian, St. Basil the Great, St Ambrose of Milan, St Gregory of Nyssa all tell us that the Genesis account is real... it is not allegorical... but it is mysterious, and miraculous.  I wonder what basis they have for believing in creation - in a philosophical sense.  I do see them desparately using science to prove creation. I think this is, because of the flawed nature of all science, a lost cause - though I myself do come close to it when I use science to look upon itself... but it's not to prove creation.  I would have liked to hear from either one of these sola scriptura believers, or even someone who has a synthesis of evolution and theism (especially the later - as I have more questions for them).
A pity. I am sure that these gentlemen had interesting and useful insights. On the other hand, it is all very well and good to read what the past thinkers had to say, and to listen to what the present teachers have to say, but when it is all said and done, one's spiritual understanding has to come from within.  I'm not a strong advocate of personal interpretations of texts. That is why there's 100,000's of different Christian beliefs all competing for the truth. Their insights were inspired by God.  There is one truth.  Our church holds the teachings of Jesus, unaltered. We do not go in for making things up on personal feelings.  One's spiritual understanding, I suppose does come from within, but also from within the context of the Church God established.  We believe in the existence of Satan, and demons, and these are out to deceive - and the individual is a prime target, especially one who is arrogant enough to reinterpret the truth for themselves.  Interesting. What do you mean by this? How is science flawed? Because it never has the ultimate answers to all the questions that a person might ask? And what do you mean by lost cause? Do you think that it is about to disappear?  It (science) is flawed because we are flawed.  I think it is part though of this cult of Man and that is dangerous.
Why would god bother to say so? How is your understanding of the physical world related to your soul?  I'm still awaiting your explanation of your question.  However... "Darwin's lament was that nobody seemed to understand that natural selection is a process without purpose - without a preordained outcome and without an active selection process as in 'Man's selection'." http://www.spiked-online.com/Articles/00000006D8AE.htm  ?Carl Sagan described the theory of evolution in his final book as the doctrine that "human beings (and all the other species) have slowly evolved by natural processes from a succession of more ancient beings with no divine intervention needed along the way." It is the alleged absence of divine intervention throughout the history of life?the strict materialism of the orthodox theory?that explains why a great many people, only some of whom are biblical fundamentalists, think that Darwinian evolution (beyond the micro level) is basically materialistic philosophy disguised as scientific fact?  http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft9711/johnson.html   Studies of science might seem value-less, but this is not the case... as shown in the studies of Sandra Harding... "Harding argues that, while Western sciences certainly have helped to develop some part of society, they have simultaneously helped to disempower others-such as many people of Third World descent, women and the poor, both here and around the world." http://www.udel.edu/PR/UpDate/92/3/19.html  But which values?  We've already seen the "Survival of the Fittest" motif being used to underpin racism, and more recently rampant capitalism.* Those who champion science would rather flaw-filled materialistic science over any absolute morality. By removing recourse to God, man is 'freed' to create his own morals. Man writes his own cheque.   "More fundamentally, however, scientific theories themselves often reflect, either implicitly or explicitly, assumptions which are rooted in capitalist ideology" http://pubs.socialistreviewindex.or...79/bookwatc.htm
I'm not a strong advocate of personal interpretations of texts.   Nor am I an advocate of authority or over-reliance of tradition to the interpretations of texts. As I said, spiritual truths must come from within. It is all very well it listen to what your teachers have to say, but what they say must be confirmed by what is within yourself.  Then you prefer the cult of the individual. That's very western, and not like Orthodoxy at all. Which is why we've held onto the teachings, whilst in the west it keeps fracturing  Ultimately, as I said, it is up to me what I believe, but I choose to believe what I have been taught. I know the limitations of my own mind and accept this humbly. I do not say that I am equal to the collective wisdom of the Church that Christ established. I remain an individual, within the Church.  That is why there's 100,000's of different Christian beliefs all competing for the truth.   Not necessarily a bad thing.  This simply then is wrong; in terms of Christianity. St. Paul continually calls Christians back into line. He never says to any community "Okay, you've now got the teachings... go and believe as you will".  St. Clement or Rome and St. Ignatius of Antioch, both taught by St. Peter, also write urging unity of the faith. Right from the beginning to our own day they urged this. Satan has been busy saying "Trust in no one but your own magnificence"  And then you find people start introducing innovations into dogma, such as 'justification'.  There is one truth.   Is there any truth? If there is, is there only one? To quote Pontius Pilate: what is truth?  How ironic that you would quote from a man who didn't recognise it when he was in front of it.  But yes, the one truth can be found in Jesus Christ.  We believe in the existence of Satan, and demons, and these are out to deceive - and the individual is a prime target, especially one who is arrogant enough to reinterpret the truth for themselves.   So say all the conservative Christian denominations, as well as the Muslims, and others as well. You have never really given a convincing argument as to why all these others and their teachers are deceived, but you and your teachers are not.  Then we would have to develop this into a study of church history. Should we adjourn to the 'Religion' stream?  Given that Jesus commissioned His disciples to go out and teach in His name, and that Acts shows the structure of the church - with deacons, and so forth, we have here the founding of the Church.  If you want to study Church history you can. I am not about trying to convince you of the truth of Orthodoxy. I don't have either the time of the facilities. I can answer you specifically why I came to Orthodoxy. One was through studying history.  The Didache, for example, shows the first Christians practicing using the Eucharist. Despite what Protestants believe, it was a part of the Church as Jesus founded it... it was in fact so prevalent a practice that pagans mistook it for cannibalism.  It (science) is flawed because we are flawed.   But what specifically do you think are the flaws of science?  I think for one, putting up mutually exclusive arguments and teaching them as fact.  I think another is fostering the cult of the individual. This is what Satan first tried... tricking Adam into believing that he could be like God.  It seems to be your job to undermine a belief in one truth, and therefore if you have more than one comepting 'truths' then they can't be true in any absolute sense.  I think it is part though of this cult of Man and that is dangerous.   But the Bible has also been part of cults that you and I both would despise. That science can be misused and misinterpreted to give support of mistaken beliefs is not a flaw of science itself, but a flaw in people who do not understand what science is, what it tries to do, and what the scientific conclusions actually are.  So? This is part of the deception that I told you about.     + I wrote the following in an argument with a site that claims to be anti-Orthodox. On it they state that the canon of the New Testament was established in the time of the Apostles... In a small way it deals with the some aspects of the early church - which leads to the question of authority. They had authority, they had the authority to compile the Bible. They had authority to teach.   Sir/Madam,  Thank you for your reply, which directs me to several sites. I looked at the first two  http://www.exorthodoxforchrist.com/bible_canon.htm   and  http://www.exorthodoxforchrist.com/canon_-_facts.htm   which are to my limited capacity, essentially the same.    They state ?So Who (sic) decided the Cannon of the New Testament ? The short answer is: the Apostles and other Disciples of Christ who worked with the Apostles.?    Essentially you then create a longer version of this sentence, but I in either explanation, I found no evidence, just you stating what you believed to be so.    It states ?The Apostles had been faithful to their task. They had trained local Pastors, established independent Bible believing congregations. Each of these churches had copies of the parchments, scrolls and papyri that are the passages of the Greek New Testament, that today we continue to find all over the world.    So The Apostles & Disciples of Jesus Christ are the ones who had control over the books of the Bible and that cannon, and they are the ones who made the decision of what to omit and what to include.?    If this were so, then we would find amongst early Christians little or no dispute about which books should be included. At another site (http://www.bible-researcher.com/canon3.html) we in fact see disagreement between Athanasius, Origen, Irenaeus and Marcion. (It is Marcion to whom we know produced the very first list/collection of books ? a Bible).    I think what you state is put by you because you are looking at this retrospectively, that is, you (and I) recognize that certain books were written at or about the time of the first Apostles, however, this does not mean that these books were combined together to form a Biblical canon. Herein I think lies a mistake you have made. You see that, for instance, the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John were written at a certain time, and that these are now in the Bible, therefore the canon of the Bible was settled at the time the books were composed. This simply is not the case. Yes, now we can say that these parts of the Bible were established at a particular date, but, they were not yet in a Bible until three hundred years later.    If I pick up an anthology of Shakespeare; knowing that the plays were written in the time of the great bard is a totally different matter to saying that the anthology was compiled in his time too! I think you would be trying to argue in this case that the anthology is as old as the books contained therein? which is illogical. (but you seem to be doing so, with regards the New Testament canon).   Evidence (http://www.bible-researcher.com/canon5.html) shows that there were ?disputed? books. The ?true? books were around, but they weren?t yet determined by the Church which were true and which were false, until much later after they were written.    ?In A.D. 393, the Synod of Hippo officially listed the 27 books of the New Testament, which had already been widely accepted in practice.?  http://www.literatureclassics.com/ancientpaths/bibhist.html    This ?need to canoninse? was done simply because there was a vast number of books in circulation, and the Gnostics were claiming were using these false books for their own ends (http://www.infidels.org/library/modern/richard_carrier/NTcanon.html), to which end ?In the year 367 an influential bishop named Athanasius published a list of books to be read in the churches under his care, which included precisely those books we have in our Bibles?  http://www.bible-researcher.com/canon1.html    Most telling is?  ?Other such lists had been published by others, as early as the year 170, although they did not all agree?  Ibid.    To use another analogy, if I may, it is like a court scenario. We have a magistrate who is presented with a large corpus of material, but must wade through it to determine truth from untruth. One can then, retrospectively say that ?Exhibit A? was ?always? true, but it needed a judge to determine this.    On another note, you did not address the usage of the Eucharist, to which I mentioned. I gave evidence that quite clearly shows the early church operating in a liturgical environment ? even the pagans saw them partaking of the Body of Christ (Eucharist).    I did show both church and pagan evidence, witnesses to the liturgical life of early Christians. Even if the canon of the Bible were in fact fixed when you believe it to have been, this still does not detract from my argument that the Word of God can be interpreted in any number of ways. (Evidenced by the great many peoples around the world who use the Bible to their own ends ? even Moslems will use the Bible to say that it predicts Muhammed). Given the divers interpretations available, one needs to look for other evidences, to see how early Christians did in fact interpret it. And, as just shown as a case in point, they seem to have interpreted the Last Supper in a sacramental way ? not as can be interpreted by non-liturgical Christians as a mere symbolic meal of rememberence.    Instead you make a claim about the hidden texts of the first three Ecumenical Councils, where-by you say?  ?We do not believe that the EOC actually wishes to disclose the contents of the first 3 Church Councils.?    You may wish to visit   http://members.aol.com/DSeraphim/1.html  or  http://www.wirnowski.com/Orthodoxy/B_EcCouncils.html  for a start, I don?t know if this satisfies your thirst for information, or not. (These are sites containing the same information, but they do give one reference to a book)    However, I believe a fuller account is given at http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/basis/nicea1.txt    With kind regards from an antipodean,  Montalban (I actually gave them my real name)
Sorry for not explaining my question earlier I have been away from the internet for a while. I think of science as offering explanations for what we observe in the physical world and continually testing these explanations with new evidence. Since souls and God are not physically measurable I don't think proper science is anyway connected to spirituality. Why bring up nazis? How can you justify exterminating jews with science? What was the exact hypothesis Nazis made and how was it confirmed with other evidence. Science offers explanations of physical phenomena with no ethics connected whatsover. If humans choose to associate ethics to a theory that does not contain ethics that is their mistake. Since science does not in any way with ethics or spirituality god would not care if humans say 2+2 = a number between 3 and 5 and what scientific theory is not like that? God would only care about the moral decision you make. If you use science incorrectly to justify murder doesn't your soul still know it has sinned against god?  I mentioned Nazi science because they used science for a political purpose, granted, but they also had scientific reasons used as part of their program. I have argued that it is next to impossible to present a 'pure' science as man always has foibles.  However, Nazi science is a good example because it is more obvious to us that it has an agenda.  Another, perhaps better example can be found... In the early 1970s a group of radical feminists went so far as you science to suggest that it was physically impossible for a woman to achieve sexual orgasm whilst having penetrative sex. Even if the woman experienced an orgasm, she was said to be deceiving her self.... "That even in a woman's sexuality, there is deceit on the part of men, and complacency on the part of some women" in Koedt, A. "The Myth of Vaginal Orgasm."  in Koedt, A. & Levine, E. & Rapone, A., (eds.). (1973). "Radical Feminism". Quadrangle Books, New York, p204  They produced the science to back them up, showing the physical proximity of the clitoris to the vagina, to say that the distance was insurmountable (not an attempt at a pun).  Darwin* and many of his ilk believed that women were naturally meek, mild and home-orientated. They attributed 'essentialist' ideas to women, and to evolution the cause of women being as they 'are'. And of course, they found the science to prove these gendered biased notions.  Now the reverse is true, where feminists are finding evidence to show that in the process of fertilisation, the egg actually hauls in the sperm - rather than meekly wait for it. Exemplifying this claim in the book is an essay by anthropologist Emily Martin, who says that both popular and scientific accounts of the behaviour of human egg and sperm in the reproductive process rely on stereotypes. According to her, these are stereotypes that "imply not only that female biological processes are less worthy than their male counterparts but also that women are less worthy than men. In a popular recounting of the same subject, reporter Sharon Begley wrote in Newsweek (April 21, 1997) that biologists in the 1960s portrayed sperm as active, "macho adventurers," eggs as passive, "coy damsels." According to the article, it was only recently discovered that "sperm are ineffectual swimmers" and that "the egg actively grabbed the sperm." Begley acknowledged that by 1964, researchers knew that the early development of the fertilized cell was guided by genetic material of the egg, but she quoted Martin as saying that "no one knew what to do" with this research. Are these charges of masculinist bias in scientific accounts valid? In a recent (October 1997) debate at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., Gross gave a scathing response. He noted that research published as early as 1878 and 1919 clearly described the egg as actively engulfing and pulling in the sperm, and that since then, the egg's role has not been considered passive "in any scientifically meaningful way." And he reaffirmed the scientific observation that sperm do swim.? http://members.tripod.com/~ScienceWars/cult.html  *Darwin postulated that females are ''coy,'' mating rarely and choosing their mates carefully, presumably betting their odds on the males with the best genes to contribute to their offspring. For their part, males are ''ardent'' and promiscuous, and fight amongst themselves for female partners. Later theories added that males are promiscuous because they have less to lose by making babies - unlike eggs, sperm are plentiful and small. Plus, females usually do most of the work to raise the offspring? http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_relea...u-sag021003.php
Nor am I an advocate of authority or over-reliance of tradition to the interpretations of texts. As I said, spiritual truths must come from within. It is all very well it listen to what your teachers have to say, but what they say must be confirmed by what is within yourself.    Not necessarily a bad thing.   Saint Gregory Nazianzen put it when speaking of pagan literature: "As we have compounded healthful drugs from certain of the reptiles, so from secular literature we have received principles of enquiry and speculation, while we have rejected their idolatry..." 1)  Thus we come sadly to the modern western mind; we have become obsessed with rationalism, at the expense of purer faith. The modern mind has accepted the idolatory (in this case the worship of Man).   'The' truths are kept through Holy Tradition.  But what are traditions? There was oral teachings, and written teachings.  ?Besides the Oral Gospels, the Diatessaron served as an alternate Gospel. The Diatessaron was a harmony of the four gospels, written c. 150-160 by Tatian. It circulated widely in Syriac-speaking churches-it was their standard text of the gospels until it was superseded by the Peshitta in the fifth century. The Diatessaron's use shows that the four gospels were considered important authorities, but not exclusive authorities. The Diatessaron by itself constituted as the New Testament scriptures for the Syrian churches until the fourteen Pauline epistles were added in the third century? 2)  Incidentally, there is a basis for oral traditions to be found in the Bible, as St. Paul wrote? Therefore, brethren, stand fast and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word [i.e. oral tradition] or our epistle (II Thessalonians 2:15). 3)  The faith of the Fathers is as it was taught by Jesus, it is as it is within the Orthodox faith, which has held fast to these teachings.  Asides from the traditions, there are the forms of worship that the Orthodox Church has kept.  The Book of Acts shows the consecration of Holy Orders; the worship of God in observed hours of prayer (Acts 3:1); they worshiped in the Temple (Acts 2:46, 3:1, 21:26); and they worshiped in Synagogues (Acts 18:4).  St. Paul continually called the people to one single faith? ?"There is one body" (Eph. 4: 4). The body is the church, Paul explains (Eph. 1: 22, 23). Jesus did not overcome hades to build different churches (Matt. 16: 18). While there are many local churches, God's people meeting in different geographic locations, these churches are supposed to be the same in doctrine and practice. This is why Paul could "teach every where in every church" in the First Century (I Cor. 4: 17). Their standard to uniformly accept or reject was (is) the "doctrine of Christ" (2 Jn. 9-11).  "There is one Spirit." The Holy Spirit gave man the total truth through the apostles (Jn. 14: 26, 16: 13). It is He who is attributed with the unity (vs. 3). The Spirit demands that Christians defend and guard the truth (Jude 3; 2 Jn. 9-11).  "Called in one hope of your calling." There are not multitudinous hopes involved in the Christian's calling (2 Thes. 2: 14). The hope is heaven (Heb. 6: 18, 19). Man comes along, though, and inserts the hope of "one day being a god himself" or "living eternally on this earth." Hence, division is experienced instead of unity.  "One Lord" (vs. 5). Since there is only one Jesus and he is Lord, unity should follow. Jesus himself is consistent (Heb. 13: 8). As Lord (kurios), he demands man's obedience to his teaching (Lk. 6: 46, Jn. 12: 48).  "One faith." The "one faith" is the gospel system (Jude 3). This is what Luke meant when he wrote, "and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith" (Acts 6: 7). It is indeed sad that there are literally thousands of faiths today. In such an atmosphere of many, there cannot be unity. The New Testament constitutes the Christian's belief system, every thing else is condemned (Matt. 15: 1 ff). This is why if the Christian does not abide in the doctrine of Christ, he does not have God (2 Jn. 9). Man is forbidden to change in any way "the faith" (Gal. 1: 6-9, Rev. 22: 18, 19).  "One baptism." There are a number of baptisms mentioned in the New Testament, the baptism of John, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and the baptism introduced in Acts 2, for instance. However, at the time of the penning of these words, there is only one baptism. The one baptism is the universal baptism in water for the remission of sins, as set forth in the Great Commission and exemplified throughout the New Testament (Mk. 16: 15, 16, Acts 2: 38). Peter clearly shows that the baptism associated with man's salvation is water baptism (I Pet. 3: 20, 21).  "One God" (vs. 6). Just as there are only one Spirit and Lord; there is only one God the Father. While the Godhead, state of being God, is made up of three, separate individualities, if you will, the Father, Son, and the Holy Spirit, they are one in unison and purpose (Jn. 14: 8 ff.).? 4)  Other examples can be found Ephesians 4:13 until we all reach unity in the faith and in the knowledge of the Son of God and become mature, attaining to the whole measure of the fullness of Christ.  Romans 15:5 May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you a spirit of unity among yourselves as you follow Christ Jesus,  And less so at Colossians 3:14 And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity.  St. Ignatius of Antioch, writing to the Ephesians said? 5:1 For if I in a short time had such converse with your bishop, which was not after the manner of men but in the Spirit, how much more do I congratulate you who are closely joined with him as the Church is with Jesus Christ and as Jesus Christ is with the Father, that all things may be harmonious in unity. 5)  As to Holy Orders, again, we can look to St. Ignatius who wrote to the Magnesians 2:1 Forasmuch then as I was permitted to see you in the person of Damas your godly bishop and your worthy presbyters Bassus and Apollonius and my fellow-servant the deacon Zotion, of whom I would fain have joy, for that he is subject to the bishop as unto the grace of God and to the presbytery as unto the law of Jesus Christ: 6) Note, your relation to your bishop is as your relationship to God.  Endnotes. 1) St. Gregory Nazianzen, "Oration 43, Panegyric on Saint Basil," A Selected Library of the Nicene and Post-Nicene Fathers of the Christian Church, series 2, vol. vii, eds. Henry Wace and Philip Schaff (New York: Christian, 18871900), p. 398f.  Quoted at http://orthodoxinfo.com/inquirers/tca_solascriptura.htm 2) Cross and Livingston, pp. 400, 1067. Davis. von Campenhausen, p. 203 states that Acts, too, was included in the third century Syrian canon. At http://www.orthodoxinfo.com/inquirers/ntcanon_emergence.htm 3) The word here translated "traditions" is the Greek word paradosis ? which, though translated differently in some Protestant versions, is the same word that the Greek Orthodox use when speaking of Tradition, and few competent Bible scholars would dispute this meaning. The word itself literally means "what is transmitted." It is the same word used when referring negatively to the false teachings of the Pharisees (Mark 7:3, 5, 8), and also when referring to authoritative Christian teaching (I Corinthians 11:2, Second Thessalonians 2:15). So what makes the tradition of the Pharisees false and that of the Church true? The source! Christ made clear what was the source of the traditions of the Pharisees when He called them "the traditions of men" (Mark 7:8). Saint Paul on the other hand, in reference to Christian Tradition states, "I praise you brethren, that you remember me in all things and hold fast to the traditions [paradoseis] just as I delivered [paredoka, a verbal form of paradosis] them to you" (First Corinthians 11:2), but where did he get these traditions in the first place? "I received from the Lord that which I delivered [paredoka] to you" (first Corinthians 11:23). This is what the Orthodox Church refers to when it speaks of the Apostolic Tradition ? "the Faith once delivered [paradotheise] unto the saints" (Jude 3). Its source is Christ, it was delivered personally by Him to the Apostles through all that He said and did, which if it all were all written down, "the world itself could not contain the books that should be written" (John 21:25). The Apostles delivered this knowldge to the entire Church, and the Church, being the repository of this treasure thus became "the pillar and ground of the Truth" (I Timothy 3:15).  4) http://orthodoxinfo.com/inquirers/tca_solascriptura.htm 5) http://www.bibletruths.net/archives/BTARO78.htm 6) http://www.earlychristianwritings.com/text/ignatius-ephesians-lightfoot.html 7) http://www.earlychristianwritings.com/text/ignatius-magnesians-lightfoot.html
?Whereas the most reputable developments in German physics and engineering during the Third Reich took place under the Nazi regime but were not intrinsically Nazi, the cutting edge biomedical sciences under the swastika were quintessentially National Socialist. While both sets of communities served the Nazi state, only the German biomedical community deserves ethical condemnation.?  http://www.clarkson.edu/~zhangjj/projects/naziscience.htm  Nazis called it science but unless you give me a nazi hypothesis and how they tested it then it is not science.  I'm afraid that you will always just say 'it's not science'. At least others here have understood values and science... even if they don't agree with the extent of cross-over.  Perhaps other people will understand this then...  For starters; when Nazis did experiments on live humans - for example, to see how tolerant we are of extremes of heat and cold, these were done very scientifically. The Nazi ideology, however was what caused these scientific experiments to be undertaken in the first place - that a Christians might not have performed an experiment knowing that the subject would die. http://remember.org/educate/medexp.html  It was such 'good' science that the data is still applicable, but only because of ethics, it is debatable whether we should ever use it see http://www.jlaw.com/Articles/NaziMedEx.html or http://www.stanford.edu/group/STS/techne4.shtml Should we? If we remove the Judeo-Christian 'ethics' and just have a 'pure' science, then surely we must! Thus some scientists won't touch this scientific data because of their own ethical beliefs, not because it is 'science'.  If you have Judeo-Christian ethics, then you'd never perform such 'science', but if you're a Nazi, then you would. It is still 'science', as it is following scientific method.  There's more info about the medical experiments at http://remember.org/imagine/doctors.html  What about... "Letter from Dr. Wurm, of the Wuerttemberg Evangelical Provincial Church, to Reich Minister of interior Dr. Frick, September 5 1940. Nazi Conspiracy and Aggression - Washington, U.S Govt. Print. Off., 1946, Supp. A, p. 1223.  Dear Reich Minister,   On July 19th I sent you a letter about the systematic extermination of lunatics, feeble-minded and epileptic persons. Since then this practice has reached tremendous proportions: recently the inmates of old-age homes have also been included. The basis for this practice seems to be that in an efficient nation there should be no room for weak and frail people. It is evident from the many reports which we are receiving that the people's feelings are being badly hurt by the measures ordered and that the feeling of legal insecurity is spreading which is regrettable from the point of view of national and state interest." http://fcit.coedu.usf.edu/holocaust/resource/document/DocEuth.htm  Note that the people's 'ethics' were actually causing problems to the 'science' (though the 'ethics' of the scientists conducting the exterminations also did exist - just that their ethics allowed for it). Surely, you would advocate for using this data, as you want to have a world based on pure science, with no ethics.  Note also the quote I gave at the beginning... it's not the 'science' that's in question - it's all quite 'scienfitic' it's the ethics of the science... experimenting on a human is 'scientific', but it's couched in a certain ideology as to whether this is acceptable or not.  Less clear, and hence I've avoided it, are many of the Nazi scientific notions regarding race... which you'd just carte blache declare unscientific... that would be easy.  But I direct you to cast your gaze to Barkan, Elazar, 1992. The Retreat of Scientific Racism: Changing Concepts of Race in Britain and the United States between the World Wars. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.  Gosset, Thomas. (1963) 1997. Race: The History of an Idea in America (New Edition). Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press. Graves, Joseph, 2001. The Emperor's New Clothes: Biological Theories of Race at the Millennium. Rutgers University Press. Harding, Sandra, ed. 1993. The "Racial" Economy of Science: Toward a Democratic Future. Bloomington: Indiana University Press.  Which deal in part with Nazism.  Or, read "Deep roots of Nazi science revealed" at http://www.physics.ohio-state.edu/~wilkins/writing/Assign/topics/nazi-sci-roots.html which begins "A Berlin-based group of science historians has found that the ties between the top German scientists whose research was used to justify Nazi policies and the regime itself were much closer than was once thought. In 1939, for example, Heinrich Himmler, the head of the Gestapo, praised two leading researchers at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute (KWI) for Anthropology in Berlin for their work "that has contributed significantly to the scientific recognition of the racial parts of the national socialist view of the world".  And it continues today under other guises... http://www.breggin.com/Mehlerart.html  If you want to use nazis as an example about how people use pseduo science to justify unethical behaviour thats fine but proper science is as blameless as the rules of algebra.   Not at all. You just assume that the science you learn is 'science'. It is easier for you to understand about Nazi science being subjective, because it is called 'Nazi science'. They would have called your science 'Capitalist science'.  You simply have the mistaken belief that your own system is the norm, and that any thing else is the Other. (in sociological terms).  As for darwin saying women choose there mates carefully I believe him. If our initial observations that cause us to claim women are pickier when it comes to sex it just means our initial observations are wrong. If it is because we are sexist then then its our inherint flaws making us do that and not the science. I don't see why it is such a crime to think of women as less promiscuous as men because it does not make me hate women or refuse to consider them for employment or think of promiscuous women as "dirty".  I don't think one way or the other is any more right or wrong... I am simply stating that as our societal norms change, science is found to back up our stances. You seem to have missed this, and I have no better way of showing this.  Darwin had, what we would term 'sexist' ideas, and science showed this at the time; that women were meek. Now that we are considerd more equal; the sexes, we find science that shows this too.  Capitalist evolution focuses on the individual, Marxist evolution does not.  "In Marxism, groups are more important than individuals. Capitalists view nature as competitive, whereas these Marxist critics tend to view it as being much more cooperative." http://www.stephenjaygould.org/revi...ciobiology.html  They are both sciences.  Do you know anything about Marxian* theories of science? They can argue for instance that one of the first things that set us apart from the apes is the use of the hand in tool building -that is, the means of production. It is true that they are biased in their science, but to dismiss it as un-scientific is false, as it follows scientific method. They have a different take on the notion of genes, such as the 'selfish gene', influenced by their political outlook. This is no different from your own versions of science, only they are conscious of it, you are not. Look at http://www.marxist.com/rircontents.asp (with particular focus at Part Three) and tell me if it's unscientific.  Science itself is ?male-orientated? (http://www.nature.com/nature/debate...n_contents.html) and culturally biased (http://www.cis.vt.edu/sage/journal/ ?The Journal of Women and Minorities in Science and Engineering? was created to over-come this.). It is filled with these biases, no matter how ?empirical? the evidence may seem.    One online debater summed it up well??Postmodern thinkers have also drawn attention to the fact that what poses as objectivity is often pervaded with bias, and that science can never escape this, no matter how strictly it defines its epistemology?  http://www.directionjournal.com/ale...s/belief01.html  See also http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/s...owledge-social/ which has a very good account of the knowledge of science.    Thus Evolution reflects in part the minds of the people interpreting it. This is recognised by feminists who include courses to make people more aware of gender bias in science formation.  One course asks?  ?How has sexist (racist, classist) bias influenced the practice, results, and political uses of science? To what extent is scientific inquiry and, by extension scientific knowledge, objective, rational, reliable? Is science primarily a social activity? How might a feminist political agenda change, improve scientific inquiry, knowledge, and practice??  http://www.haverford.edu/femgenstudies/Brokes.html and includes for reading Belk, C.M. 2000. ?Gender bias in biological theory formation. In: Women Succeeding in the Sciences: Theories and Practices across Disciplines? (Jody Bart, ed.), Purdue University Press, West Lafayette, IN, pp. 169-175.          *In sociology we use the term Marxian more than Marxist.
Ursus, I just found the ideal Orthodox quote for the subject of knowledge. In talking about Holy Tradition...  "This is the early Christians' wisdom, not mine. I hope not to say anything original. If I do, ignore it." Mathewes-Gren, F (2001), "The Illuminated Heart: The Ancient Chrstian Path of Transformation", Paraclete Press; Brewster MA, p2.  It so much sums up the humility we Orthodox need to have. Sure, she endeavouring to put it in modern 'terms', but she is not trying to add to or subtract from it.  Gotta go now, it's 10pm emoticon_xgood
Then you prefer the cult of the individual.   Not at all. I find the hyper-individualism of some parts of American society to be unnatural and unpleasant. I merely state that ultimately one's beliefs have to anchored in some sort of common sense - and that can only be based on one's own experences. Even if one chooses to follow the teachers of some sort of school of thought, you need to make a decision as to the reliability of the teachers you have chosen.  But that's what you demand here, that I go just by what I believe. Common sense is not common. You can't have a 'free' 'liberal' world and then gripe about it's unpleasant consequences.  You have for instance the belief in multiple truths -therefore we have anarchy where your right to what you believe is equal to your neighbours, even if they be mutually exclusive. Fortunately there is some common sense, and there is a need to appeal to a higher authority - in this case, the law. But for all intents and purposes you still have individuals proclaiming that they are the font of all wisdom and therefore no law need bind them.  Now Montalban, I could just have easily said that you prefer to mindlessly follow the orders of a chosen heirarchy - you would neither find that accurate or fair, would you?  I would not care, really. :-)  Ultimately, as I said, it is up to me what I believe, but I choose to believe what I have been taught.   My point exactly.  I don't think so, there is a difference. You have just critiqued the idea of following 'the past'. I recognise my responsibiliy in choosing what to believe - Free Will, however I accept that I am no super-brain and humble myself to the teachings of the Church.  I accept authority. You seem to believe in mutiple truths.  He never says to any community "Okay, you've now got the teachings... go and believe as you will".   A lot of Christian sects would agree with this. They simply believe that they are the true Church.  They are wrong. This is the problem that your 'ideal' creates. It is also against the teachings of Christ... see the liberal quotes I gave.  If you accept the truth of Christ's teachings, then you must accept them all... and Christ commissioned his Apostles to act; hence the Book of Acts... the formulation of the Church. If we were meant to be faith alone (sola fide) then the Bible need not contain this book.  It is not true simply because some people believe in something.  Our truth comes from God. It is the truth whether you accept it or not. The odd thing is we find Christians saying that they believe in the Bible but not those who put the Bible together... for the Bible did not fall out of heaven fully written.   Then we would have to develop this into a study of church history. Should we adjourn to the 'Religion' stream?   Not really. As I said, I have no interest in discussing what a true Christian should be or do. I mere restate that I will not accept any person or any institution as the spokesperson for Christianity.  Then you ignore Christian history. You have no basis for believing what you believe to be 'Christian' if you do not explore it's history. You should refrain then from commenting about how you feel it should be, excepting to just express an opinion on how you feel it should be :-)  You are right though. This isn't the forum to discuss this. If you want to discuss evolution or creationism, then this is the forum where I will be.  But part of this is inter-twined. My beliefs are based on the teachings of the Church. I believe it has authority to teach. You can't question this authority unless you understand it.  I have a reason to believe in authority. You don't know this reason, therefore you doubt the authority, throwing the baby out with the bath-water.
I have defined science as beyond social norms such as "E = mc^2" or mendel experiments on genetics. If you define science as something that bends with social opinon (sic) then it is not about testing hypothesis so I don't see how you can call it science. Isn't science different to "what most people in society beleive (sic)"? For yor (sic) original statement to have any meaning to me you have to tell me exactly how the NAZIs properly used the scientific method to justify there set of beliefs and you have yet to do that.  You are now playing games of semantics. I have no desire to repeat/detail a particular experiment here,* for I have ethics regarding how that information was obtained, as do a great many scientists. I gave you ample quotes to show scientists are debating the ethics of using the information - not the information itself! You disagree with them, then so be it. I know it's hard for you to believe it, so hard that even when a huge corps of scientists accept the 'science' of the data, you can't.  However, in effect, with regards to the 'science' behind these experiments, you are in disagreement with modern scientists! Thus you could not possibly be convinced as these scientists opinions mean nothing to you. It is an odd twist in this debate that I am deferring to the opinion of scientific experts, and you are not! Your position is based simply on your wish to create a dichotomy where one does not exist. It is based on how you wish science to be, and not how it is.  As I stated, the experiments followed scientific methods and the results are so 'scientific' that the debate rages whether to use this information, not over the strengths of the science, but over the ethics of how it was obtained. The information is, devoid of any Judeo-Christian ethics, 'useful'.  As with you, when dealing with science, I rely on their authority - in this case. They accept the data as being potentially useful - the only problem being the ethics.  Further to this I gave numerous sources from current and recent studies on extant scientific theories. From feminist and Marxian critiques I drew information showing that mainstream science is value-ridden. Conveniently, you ignored this in toto.  I thus direct the remainder of this to those who accept these scientists beliefs.  There is a very good article Nazi Medicine and Public Health Policy http://www.adl.org/Braun/dim_14_1_nazi_med.asp which deals with the bunk that Nazis did not use scientific methodology.  It shows that science was tainted with an evil ideology (as opposed to the non-evil ideologies that taint western science at present)       *there is a very brief over-view of the different types of experiments to be found at http://www.webster.edu/~woolflm/deathcamps.html  and a more specialised look into experiments at http://www1.us.nizkor.org/hweb/camps/dachau/dachau-004.html  and Mengele's Research (the twin studies) at http://www.crimelibrary.com/serial_killers/history/mengele/research_5.html?sect=6  There is a brief link to Mengele and other scientists at http://www.shoah.dk/doctors/mengele.htm  and at a horrific look into Mengele http://www.auschwitz.dk/Mengele/  FURTHER DISCLAIMER I will not, because of ethics publish here any of the actual detailed experiments. I have made a mistake in the past with regards to providing information - I debated one poster who claimed that all paedophile sites were run by homosexuals. I then published a site for a so-called 'help-group' in Denmark, which was decidedly heterosexual. Although this meant that I undermined my opponents argument, I actually unwittingly gave publicity to this site, which was a dangerous and stupid thing to do on a forum that is open to children. I will not do so here again, even should Close_slave_can deem this a victory to his argument. I have instead published sites by scientists who themselves know of the Nazi's experiments and agree with the science of these experiments. I will not go further to 'win' this argument.
@montalban I enjoyed your link http://www.adl.org/Braun/dim_14_1_nazi_med.asp  but it proves my point. Using a scientific method the Nazis came up with the statement that smoking is linked to cancer and the article says that is totally true. According to that article if you follow the scientific method your results are not opinion they are facts.  For the past two posts you've been crying foul* that the science as put forward by Nazi scientists is not science.  Now you say it is, but try and turn defeat into victory by claiming it is part of the great tradition of science... and you've missed the whole point in doing so... even though I mentioned it before  The very ethics that allowed them to experiment on people - with no concern for the health of the subject person, was based on their philosophy of science - that there are lesser types of people. The actual experiments that they carried out were following scientific method - but under the influence of this ideology (something you still can't comprehend - science influenced by ideology).  Ideology allowed them, in fact drove them to do such experimentation. Ideology influenced it, and I dare say, vindicated their experiments.  If they'd have been from the west, they'd not have considered doing the experiments in the same way... becuase they too, would have been influenced by ideology.  I will endeavour to debate others but for you, no more. You are so dead-set in the idea that science is above all, that you've not been able to see the affect of ideology, and this is because your own ideology won't allow it.  Good night.   *Or is that fowl? You seem to have been calling me chicken for not publishing
"When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we chan shrug it off: His right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)  Michel de Montaigne in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"  When the source is trustworthy, then even the miraculous can be believed. I have no greater authority that that of Jesus Christ, who transmuted His teachings to His church, and this church has held firm to these teachings.  I can question authority when its teachings are counter to common sense evidence. The point in these forums is that there is a lot of evidence in favor of evolution. It is this evidence that needs to be refuted in some manner. As long as the evidence is compelling, any authority that ignores the evidence and teaches a doctrine in opposition to it is simply wrong.  The evidence is refuted. It is refuted by authority of the Church. You choose to say that the evidence is 'compelling' when evolution - your form of it - can't even agree with 'how?' 'where', or 'when', only that it 'did' happen. You accept in part that the evidences can be influenced by a priori knowledge, and you also question 'authority' without understanding it - another of your admissions.  I've shown you, and you've agreed that evidence moves all the time (although you believe that this doesn't matter, because 'evolution' as a whole is still true*)  In summary, you're basing your faith on a shifting science - what is 'true' now, is not going to be 'true' tomorrow. That science is severely limited to only that taught by western-capitalist-influenced institutions.  And yet... ?Postmodern thinkers have also drawn attention to the fact that what poses as objectivity is often pervaded with bias, and that science can never escape this, no matter how strictly it defines its epistemology" ** http://www.directionjournal.com/ale...s/belief01.html    You wager this against Church authority which has proclaimed a single unchanging truth (as taught by Jesus Himself) throughout 2,000 years; an authority which you don't want to understand. I feel sorry for you. I truly do (I am not trying to be condascending, though it may sound like I am). At stake is your very existence!   *And you've ignored the plethora of differing forms of evolutionary theory including 'Special Creation', 'Devolution' and 'Panspermia'; and from my readings it's already a fact that some are pushing for 'meta-evolution'.   **"Feminist critiques of science have recast many evolutionary arguments, particularly those concerned with sex and gender, as patriarchal rather than politically neutral.  Numerous feminist social scientists and cultural theorists have argued that much of what evolutionary theorists claim as natural is instead culturally specific and political whilst feminist evolutionary theorists have provided alternative evolutionary explanations of numerous gendered traits and behaviours, which challenge rather than support existing gender ideologies. In so doing feminists have not only highlighted the patriarchal perspectives implicit in more traditional evolutionary theorising but have also illustrated the potential multiplicity of interpretations of 'the natural' (as well as of 'the cultural') and the inevitably political nature of any interpretation whether patriarchal or feminist; colonialist or liberal. Thus, whilst evolutionary theory is most frequently underpinned by an empiricist epistemology, many feminist theorists and others have asserted the political and cultural locatedness of any knowledge thus suggesting that debates around evolutionary theory should address not only how we conceptualise 'the natural' but also how we understand our knowledges and truth claims about 'the natural'. The purpose of this Special Issue is therefore to bring together papers, which address these ontological and epistemological issues about the nature of 'the natural' and the nature of our knowledges of 'the natural'."  http://www.tandf.co.uk/journals/titles/rpeg-cfp1.html    Whole species have been shifted about the 'tree' and yet, at every point, the theory is deemed 'true' as backed by the evidences.    I shall conclude with some words of wisdom from one of my favourite writers...  "It is not perhaps without good reason that we attribute to simple-mindedness a readiness to believe anything and to ignorance the readiness to be convinced, for I think I was once taught hat a belief is like an impression stamped on our soul: the softer and less resisting the soul, the easier it is to print anything on it...On the other hand there is a silly arrogance in continuing to disdain something and to condemn it as false just because it seems unlikely to us. That is a common vice among those who think their capacities are above the ordinary".  "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities", Michel de Montaigne (1993), "The Essays: A Selection", Penguin Classics, p74.
I haven't really been following this debate lately, but I found this comment interesting. And it is right on the mark.  Consider, Montalban, that everything you believe is simply that which you believe. Your believing it does not make it true. It may or may not be true. Your beliefs may or may not coincide with the truth. But the truth itself is independent of your beliefs. And the crazy thing is... no mere mortal will ever KNOW whether or not your beliefs are true. (Unless it is possible for individuals to transcend the physical realm. But that's another topic.)  You are right in one thing, the truth is the truth, whether you or I believe it to be so.  But, above all of us is God, and God taught His truth through His only Son, Jesus Christ. Christ was with us in a physical sense, for 3 years. He taught His chosen followers, and these continued to teach after He had gone.  Thus the teaching was handed down.  We call this Apostolic Succession.  My own bishop is able thus, to trace his authority back to St. Peter, who founded our church in Antioch.  Through God's grace, perhaps you will one day begin to understand this. emoticon_love
Though wasn't Jesus Christ allegedly alive as a human being on this earth for closer to 33 years?  Yes, you are right, I meant to say His ministry was 3 years. Thanks for not being too mean at that simple mistake   Didn't the Church also refute the evidence of Galileo by its authority? And specifically to which Church are you referring? Because there are several churches -- including the Roman Catholic Church -- which do not claim to refute the evidence of evolution by their authority. Or do none of the other churches count because they are not the One, True Church?  Peace, The Bootfitter  I am talking about the Orthodox Church, which was founded by God at Pentecost.  We did not have anything to do with Galileo.
 When the source is trustworthy, then even the miraculous can be believed.   First, trustworthiness must be established. Second, even the most trustworthy source can make mistakes.  It has been established - you simply try to cast seeds of doubt, when laughably you won't even investigate the subject in regards to the Church.  So, are you saying that evolution might possibly be a mistake?  You suggest that a trustworthy sources such as the Orthodox Church has made mistakes. Name one of dogma that it has made.   I have no greater authority than that of Jesus Christ, who transmuted His teachings to His church, and this church has held firm to these teachings.   The only source of this belief is the authorities of the church. The authorities of the church must be trusted because...the church authorities say that God says they must be trusted. This sounds circular, to me anyway.  No, the source of authority is God. The Orthodox Church can be trusted because it has maintained the truth. It is not a truth that constantly changes, as evolution is. IF you know of any dogmatic mistakes; lay them on the table.   The evidence is refuted. It is refuted by authority of the Church.   Not enough. The authority of the Church can refute gravitation, but I advise you not to jump off a roof.  It doesn't seek to refute gravitation. Why would it?  You choose to say that the evidence is 'compelling' when evolution - your form of it - can't even agree with 'how?' 'where', or 'when', only that it 'did' happen.   The questions that still exist are understandable in light of the available evidence. On the other hand, the available evidence is quite unequivocal about, not only the evolution of life in a broad sense, but does answer these very questions about many lineages.  For you they are 'understandable' yet you argue against truth as taught unwavering by the Church.  The 'evidence' suggests many different paths, which you keep ignoring. It suggests 'evolution', 'panspermia', 'special creation', 'creation', 'meta-evolution', 'devolution', etc.  Second, earlier you said that even the greatest authority can make mistakes, now you're saying that in this case, science hasn't made a mistake - perhaps even to suggest that there's no possibility that it has.  You accept in part that the evidences can be influenced by a priori knowledge,   But evidence is not infinitely malleable enough to fit any preconceived idea. That is why in science hypotheses have been falsified and rejected.  Just for interests sake, before you repeat that statement, you might want to read Nineteen-hundred and Eighty Four by George Orwell. Nazi science showed that eugenics was real.  I gave an example from feminist studies that showed that women can't orgasm, when having a sexual encounter with a man - and that even if the woman reports she has, they claim she's deceiving herself.   and you also question 'authority' without understanding it - another of your admissions.   Of course. Authority must always, in every instance, be questioned. If, through prior experience, you find a particular authority to have been generally reliable in the past, it is alright to accept new information and opinion from that authority, but provisionally, with the intent that you will always watchful for information that will show that opinion or fact as wrong.  That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying you 'question Church authority' and at the same time refuse to discuss any attempts of me establishing this. You said you're not interested. Therefore you are just questioning the Church for its own sake; because you believe in an absolute sense that you can, but in a practical sense, this is useless, as you don't know anything about the Orthodox Church. (excepting making assumptions based on generalisations about churches, in general :-) )  Always questioning authority seems rather arrogant. If you tell me that your nation's capital is Washington DC what good would it do to constantly question this? It would in fact show me to be rather stupid, and even for argument's sake, our Church says that Mary, the Theotokos, lived with Jesus through most of Jesus' ministry - what set of questions should I ask to call this into light? How would I be able to test this? You see, you are applying a scientific mindset to faith.  What questions do you put to evolutionists? Which parts of evolutionary theory do you think are the most questionable?   I've shown you, and you've agreed that evidence moves all the time   Evidence does not move. Evidence is evidence and stays the same. It may be reinterpreted in light of new knowledge. But this is not to say that evidence is infinitely malleable - not all interpretations are reasonable.  I will leave this aside at the moment. Excepting that I might re-visit the egg/sperm debate... "In a recent (October 1997) debate at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., Gross gave a scathing response. He noted that research published as early as 1878 and 1919 clearly described the egg as actively engulfing and pulling in the sperm, and that since then, the egg's role has not been considered passive "in any scientifically meaningful way." And he reaffirmed the scientific observation that sperm do swim." http://members.tripod.com/~ScienceWars/cult.html    If the evidence pointed to one thing, for so long, why did it suggest another? (You have here an example of your 'evidence' not changing so you should be happy).    In summary, you're basing your faith on a shifting science - what is 'true' now, is not going to be 'true' tomorrow.   I have no "faith" in science. I accept that much of what science has to say are reasonable answers to a particular narrow set of questions. But these answers are tentative, subject to change when new information comes to light. I really don't see why this disturbs you so much.  It does, because you can't decide whether evolutionary theory is tenuous or immutable. It is all things for all people, that is why it is both a theory, when it suits some, and a fact when it suits others.  Question: I thought evolution was just a theory. Why do you call it a fact?    Answer: Biological evolution is a change in the genetic characteristics of a population over time. That this happens is a fact. Biological evolution also refers to the common descent of living organisms from shared ancestors. The evidence for historical evolution -- genetic, fossil, anatomical, etc. -- is so overwhelming that it is also considered a fact. The theory of evolution describes the mechanisms that cause evolution. So evolution is both a fact and a theory."  http://www.talkorigins.org/origins/faqs-qa.html    That science is severely limited to only that taught by western-capitalist-influenced institutions.   In part that may be true, in that the questions that are asked and studied are the ones that Western capitalists find interesting. However, I trust the answers to these questions - you just can't take the data that is collected and fit any interpretation to them. I believe there is some measure of objectivity to what comes out of science.  You say you 'trust', and you don't have faith. I think you are playing word games here! But tell me, again I implore you, what questions do you think need asking with regards to evolution?
 When the source is trustworthy, then even the miraculous can be believed.   First, trustworthiness must be established. Second, even the most trustworthy source can make mistakes.  It has been established - you simply try to cast seeds of doubt, when laughably you won't even investigate the subject in regards to the Church.  So, are you saying that evolution might possibly be a mistake?  You suggest that a trustworthy sources such as the Orthodox Church has made mistakes. Name one of dogma that it has made.   I have no greater authority than that of Jesus Christ, who transmuted His teachings to His church, and this church has held firm to these teachings.   The only source of this belief is the authorities of the church. The authorities of the church must be trusted because...the church authorities say that God says they must be trusted. This sounds circular, to me anyway.  No, the source of authority is God. The Orthodox Church can be trusted because it has maintained the truth. It is not a truth that constantly changes, as evolution is. IF you know of any dogmatic mistakes; lay them on the table.   The evidence is refuted. It is refuted by authority of the Church.   Not enough. The authority of the Church can refute gravitation, but I advise you not to jump off a roof.  It doesn't seek to refute gravitation. Why would it?  You choose to say that the evidence is 'compelling' when evolution - your form of it - can't even agree with 'how?' 'where', or 'when', only that it 'did' happen.   The questions that still exist are understandable in light of the available evidence. On the other hand, the available evidence is quite unequivocal about, not only the evolution of life in a broad sense, but does answer these very questions about many lineages.  For you they are 'understandable' yet you argue against truth as taught unwavering by the Church.  The 'evidence' suggests many different paths, which you keep ignoring. It suggests 'evolution', 'panspermia', 'special creation', 'creation', 'meta-evolution', 'devolution', etc.  Second, earlier you said that even the greatest authority can make mistakes, now you're saying that in this case, science hasn't made a mistake - perhaps even to suggest that there's no possibility that it has.  You accept in part that the evidences can be influenced by a priori knowledge,   But evidence is not infinitely malleable enough to fit any preconceived idea. That is why in science hypotheses have been falsified and rejected.  Just for interests sake, before you repeat that statement, you might want to read Nineteen-hundred and Eighty Four by George Orwell. Nazi science showed that eugenics was real.  I gave an example from feminist studies that showed that women can't orgasm, when having a sexual encounter with a man - and that even if the woman reports she has, they claim she's deceiving herself.   and you also question 'authority' without understanding it - another of your admissions.   Of course. Authority must always, in every instance, be questioned. If, through prior experience, you find a particular authority to have been generally reliable in the past, it is alright to accept new information and opinion from that authority, but provisionally, with the intent that you will always watchful for information that will show that opinion or fact as wrong.  That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying you 'question Church authority' and at the same time refuse to discuss any attempts of me establishing this. You said you're not interested. Therefore you are just questioning the Church for its own sake; because you believe in an absolute sense that you can, but in a practical sense, this is useless, as you don't know anything about the Orthodox Church. (excepting making assumptions based on generalisations about churches, in general :-) )  Always questioning authority seems rather arrogant. If you tell me that your nation's capital is Washington DC what good would it do to constantly question this? It would in fact show me to be rather stupid, and even for argument's sake, our Church says that Mary, the Theotokos, lived with Jesus through most of Jesus' ministry - what set of questions should I ask to call this into light? How would I be able to test this? You see, you are applying a scientific mindset to faith.  What questions do you put to evolutionists? Which parts of evolutionary theory do you think are the most questionable?   I've shown you, and you've agreed that evidence moves all the time   Evidence does not move. Evidence is evidence and stays the same. It may be reinterpreted in light of new knowledge. But this is not to say that evidence is infinitely malleable - not all interpretations are reasonable.  I will leave this aside at the moment. Excepting that I might re-visit the egg/sperm debate... "In a recent (October 1997) debate at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., Gross gave a scathing response. He noted that research published as early as 1878 and 1919 clearly described the egg as actively engulfing and pulling in the sperm, and that since then, the egg's role has not been considered passive "in any scientifically meaningful way." And he reaffirmed the scientific observation that sperm do swim." http://members.tripod.com/~ScienceWars/cult.html    If the evidence pointed to one thing, for so long, why did it suggest another? (You have here an example of your 'evidence' not changing so you should be happy).    In summary, you're basing your faith on a shifting science - what is 'true' now, is not going to be 'true' tomorrow.   I have no "faith" in science. I accept that much of what science has to say are reasonable answers to a particular narrow set of questions. But these answers are tentative, subject to change when new information comes to light. I really don't see why this disturbs you so much.  It does, because you can't decide whether evolutionary theory is tenuous or immutable. It is all things for all people, that is why it is both a theory, when it suits some, and a fact when it suits others.  Question: I thought evolution was just a theory. Why do you call it a fact?    Answer: Biological evolution is a change in the genetic characteristics of a population over time. That this happens is a fact. Biological evolution also refers to the common descent of living organisms from shared ancestors. The evidence for historical evolution -- genetic, fossil, anatomical, etc. -- is so overwhelming that it is also considered a fact. The theory of evolution describes the mechanisms that cause evolution. So evolution is both a fact and a theory."  http://www.talkorigins.org/origins/faqs-qa.html    That science is severely limited to only that taught by western-capitalist-influenced institutions.   In part that may be true, in that the questions that are asked and studied are the ones that Western capitalists find interesting. However, I trust the answers to these questions - you just can't take the data that is collected and fit any interpretation to them. I believe there is some measure of objectivity to what comes out of science.  You say you 'trust', and you don't have faith. I think you are playing word games here! But tell me, again I implore you, what questions do  you think need asking with regards to evolution?  Here is the rub... would any of the answers possibly make you give up on the notion of evolution?  yes - then it is not immutable, as you would have readers think - therefore you need not debunk my Church for not believing in evolution  no - then you are accepting of an absolute truth - and that's not very scientific of you.
Hello, Montalban.  Don't take this the wrong way - I realize that you are sincere in your beliefs, and you have brought up some interesting points to think about and discuss, but I am afraid that we are appoaching the point where we are just going to be repeating ourselves. At that point it may be better to just agree to disagree and move on to other things.   I would still challenge you to put your statement to the test and tell the great big world out there where the Orthodox Church has made a mistake in dogma.  But yes, ultimately, we are talking past each other here, as you deal only with science, and I deal with ultimate truth. And this is why, for the most part I disagree with other Christians who would seek to find scientific evidences for proofs of the Bible.  It doesn't need any.  However, it is nice to know that they can come up with sciences that baffle or contradict your own science - hence the ulimate unreality of science.  Orthodoxy deals with the same truth it always has dealt with.  I look foward to continuing to challenge the epistemology of you godless people :-)  I may start a post challenging christians who believe in evolution.  Just as a final word to that other poster here who believes in the 'science is science is science' ideal, I suggest that you do some research on Soviet scientist Trofim Denisovich Lysenko emoticon_xbye
Science does not include anything which leaves no evidence that might be tested. Hypotheses which can be asserted but never supported are not part of science. However, these untestable phenomena are only removed from scientific consideration; they are not ruled out from life entirely. People are free to accept or reject them as they please, and science has absolutely nothing to say on the subject. Science not only rules out the acceptance of divine influence, it also rules out the rejection of divine influence. http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA601.html  One would think that this leaves the possibility open that creation did happen. And yet...  Science must also avoid non-natural explanations. This is explanatory naturalism. Any explanation that uses a non-natural explanans (thing doing the explaining) fails to be testable. I could propose that some process is the result of an Invisible Pink Unicorn's powers. You can neither falsify nor verify this (in the ordinary senses). The hallmark of science, perhaps the only hallmark, is that explanations are testable. The reason for this lies in what philosophy calls epistemology (from the Greek word for belief, epistemé, but used in the sense of knowledge - hence, 'the study of knowing'). http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/naturalism.html  Anyway...  As I said, the dogma that evolution is false is a mistake. This is based on empirical fact.  Please quote which canon of the first Seven Ecumenical Councils which is in error, or another of the Church council's you might be aware of, or catechism that this assertion is based on - for you to say it is a mistake of 'dogma'. As I said, you criticise the Orthodox Church and know nothing about it, and it's relationships to authority etc.*  Again, with evolution, you recognise that there's the possibility that it might be false. Therefore, how is this 'empirical fact'? I know you want 'fact' to mean all things for all people when dealing with evolution, but really! Have a look at http://www.carm.org/dialogues/evolutionisfact.htm  Another mistake is to set themselves up as the only "truth". But it is the nature of this sort of statement, I cannot prove this any more than the Church can prove its assertian (sic).  Are you suggesting other religions are mistake free - and therefore the Orthodox Church shouldn't claim to be the sole sore of errorlessness (a word I've had to make up to try to encapsulate what you're saying).  Again, I will remind you that science is not just a bunch of individuals doing whatever they think is an experiment and then claiming they have scientific results. Science involves an entire profession. To claim to be scientific, one must use methods and procedures that are considered reliable, the experiment must be published so that others can critique the methods and interpretations, and the results must be verifiable by others independent of the original researcher.  Further errors may present themselves with the advent of 'big science'; " the organization of large numbers of scientists bringing different bodies of expertise to a common research project."  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/s...owledge-social/    Hardwig in 1985 published research on the 'big science' project. He suggests that because a project becomes so large, no one scientist is an expert on all matters of the project; therefore there is a reliance upon the expertise of others in the project. "This leads Hardwig to ask two questions, one about the evidential status of testimony, and one about the nature of the knowing subject in these cases. With respect to the latter, Hardwig says that either the group as a whole, but no single member, knows or it is possible to know vicariously. Neither of these is palatable to him. Talking about the group or the community knowing smacks of superorganisms and transcendent entities and Hardwig shrinks from that solution. Vicarious knowledge, knowing without oneself possessing the evidence for the truth of what one knows, requires, according to Hardwig, too much of a departure from our ordinary concepts of knowledge."  Ibid  Many people making mistakes does not make for a good example for you. A knowledge of these concepts is essential before blind faith is placed in evolutionary theory. One needs to know the men* behind the theory and an understanding as to what drives them. Many scientists themselves are unaware of their own a priori biases when dealing with evidences, because science itself is supposed to be about objectivity, and proofs, not on faith. The inquiry of scientists is said to be 'value-laden' that is, full of the values that the scientists bring with them to any experiment. Much of evolutionary theory is couched in the values of materialism.  "Most scientists are not philosophically inclined and will make use of whatever is a help in their work," http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/falsify.html  Yet, evolution is based on the philosophy of materialism!  This shows that evolution is based on materialism...  Carl Sagan described the theory of evolution in his final book as the doctrine that "human beings (and all the other species) have slowly evolved by natural processes from a succession of more ancient beings with no divine intervention needed along the way." It is the alleged absence of divine intervention throughout the history of life?the strict materialism of the orthodox theory?that explains why a great many people, only some of whom are biblical fundamentalists, think that Darwinian evolution (beyond the micro level) is basically materialistic philosophy disguised as scientific fact?   http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft9711/johnson.html    This shows that materialism is a philosophy... Materialism is a philosophy. The theory that physical matter is the only reality and that everything, including thought, feeling, mind, and will, can be explained in terms of matter and physical phenomena. The theory or attitude that physical well-being and worldly possessions constitute the greatest good and highest value in life.  A great or excessive regard for worldly concerns http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=materialism   In conclusion, many hands does not make for an error free theory. Scientists rely on their colleagues - often without knowing exactly what it is they are doing. All the while they claim to be without philosophical influence, yet the very nature of their work is couched in the philosophy of materialism. Further, they say science is a fact - and has been shown - in that evolution, they believe has been evidenced, even in the laboratory - yet they can't agree how man evolved. Nor when, nor where. They just say 'it did' - so much for being able to extrapolate based on so called observations today. Even without observations, there is widespread belief in 'abiogenesis' simply because evolution is based on (a form of) science, which can't deal outside a limited set of parameters - it can't even countenance a theistic possibility - even if that were the truth.  Even with 'empirical evidences' it can come up with mutually exclusive theories. (I have exampled these with the competing theories regarding the rise of man).  It's adherents say that there are no absolute truths, and that evolution is science because it is falsifiable, yet they argue that it did happen - that it is a truth, absolutely!  And, although science denies any knowledge of God, it vehemently tries to say it's not atheistic http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA601_1.html defends theistic evolution! "Evolution does not in any way rule out the possibility of any outside influence, even divine influence. When evidence for outside influence has been observed, it has been included." http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA601.html It doesn't 'rule out'? It can't include either or it's not science.  In short, evolution is all things to all men... truth and not truth; fact and yet theory; materialistic (that is 'without the supernatural'), yet not ruling out the supernatural; based on empirical evidences, yet these provide for mutually exclusive conclusions; not based on any philosophy, but tied up with 'materialism'.      *Hint: "Orthodoxy has neither a textual nor a doctrinal basis to reject evolutionism" http://www.fatheralexander.org/booklets/english/evolution_kuraev.htm  I'm surprised, because I was sure you raised this some months ago - or it might have been Theomorphic.  For instance, on the issue of the flood, we believe it to have happened, but we don't need to produce 'empirical evidence' (your terms) to back it up, as it is miraculous and need not have left any 'empirical evidence' (I'm starting to like this phrase) to prove it.
Clive14, thanks for the un-engaging 'debate'.  "There are a large number of activities in science that can be called 'potentially dubious', meaning that they might well be considered unethical or reprehensible if sufficient numbers of scientists decided that they should be. Most of these practices fall into two categories: misrepresentation and bias." http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/92prom.html  I don't understand what montalban is getting at here. Lysenko was ruthless and assinine (sic) with worst possible combination for the head of science for the Soviet Union. The man had exiled or killed many of Russia's best scientists and insisted on wasting the country's efforts in research based upon the thoroughly discredited ideas of Lamarckian evolution.  He was a scientist in the same way that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (i.e. North Korea) is a democracy.  I have read back through many posts that you have made montalban. I notice that numerous people have, on numerous occasions, explained the difference between science, scientific philosophies and scientists. You still insist on claiming they are all one and the same though. This is sad.  You are one of the lazy posters again. Your form of argument is to say "It's been argued somewhere else". Thanks for the input. Specifically your gripe is that 'numerous' others have already resolved this... No one has actively engaged the topic - Close Slave Can argued for a while that Nazi science wasn't sconce, then hey presto - the twin studies were the perfect example of science - a triumph of science over something or other.  Another poster when debating the Peluxey 'footprints' likewise suggested that although the supporting article might have faults, it's been proven so many places it must be right (see my quote in the post above about 'big science')  In a general critique of your post...If you actually care to critique the feminist sources I've posted, the please do, but that might be too much trouble. You simply display the lack of critical thinking that many on your side have - they just accept that science has solved these puzzles, somewhere - and that however/where ever it was done, there were no nasty little things such as ethics, philosophy, bias etc, involved.  No, you have the sad and limited idea that your form of science is science.  I am not the only one making this claim as I have evidenced sources on Marxist science and feminist science critiques of your science - to show that it is culturally biased and sexist.  It is sad that you don't recognise the evidences when placed before you because of your continuing faith and belief in your own absolute and normative assertions.  There were quotes about gender bias, both with the differing numbers of male/female scientists, and even in the ideas science puts forth. There are studies to show that the way science itself is taught, is biased... "The issue of bias within science books, specifically in the topic of origin theories, is well documented. A paradigm?s adherents often exaggerate its strengths and ignore its weaknesses and critiques. Jonathan Wells (2000) in his pivotal book Icons of Evolution elucidates that the ten major ?icons? of evidence for evolution are exaggerated, misleading and even false, and ignore all the contradictory evidence. Both Anderson (1995) and Wells (2000) rate most state-adopted science texts as D or F because of the texts? bias. The texts? unscientific bias is seen in the admission of incomplete evidence, withholding of anomalies, fraudulent data, presenting falsified ideas, speculation and opinion mistakenly called ?theory,? promoting ideologies and suppressing others, and worldview discrimination." http://www.rae.org/bias.html Therefore what is taught as science is not 'science' in your terms. See also "Gender in Bias in Science and Science Education" http://www.physik.uni-bremen.de/physics.education/schwedes/text/bellater.htm  Even Ursus recognises the philosophical influences on science.  Books you might care to browse on the subject before you make the laughable suggestion that I am alone in this, and it is not researched... (or you could actually look at the previous sources I have - and if you want, draw up some criticism of them rather than act so lazy and just say 'it's already been disproven - what are you going on about' type argument). But first, I'll just have to repeat myself, because you obviously missed this one... "Feminist critiques of science have recast many evolutionary arguments, particularly those concerned with sex and gender, as patriarchal rather than politically neutral.   Numerous feminist social scientists and cultural theorists have argued that much of what evolutionary theorists claim as natural is instead culturally specific and political whilst feminist evolutionary theorists have provided alternative evolutionary explanations of numerous gendered traits and behaviours, which challenge rather than support existing gender ideologies. In so doing feminists have not only highlighted the patriarchal perspectives implicit in more traditional evolutionary theorising but have also illustrated the potential multiplicity of interpretations of 'the natural' (as well as of 'the cultural') and the inevitably political nature of any interpretation whether patriarchal or feminist; colonialist or liberal. Thus, whilst evolutionary theory is most frequently underpinned by an empiricist epistemology, many feminist theorists and others have asserted the political and cultural locatedness of any knowledge thus suggesting that debates around evolutionary theory should address not only how we conceptualise 'the natural' but also how we understand our knowledges and truth claims about 'the natural'. The purpose of this Special Issue is therefore to bring together papers, which address these ontological and epistemological issues about the nature of 'the natural' and the nature of our knowledges of 'the natural'."  http://www.tandf.co.uk/journals/titles/rpeg-cfp1.html   Gergen, Kenneth J. 1988. Feminist Critiques of Science and the Challenge of Social Epistemology. In Feminist Thought and the Structure of Knowledge, ed. M.M. Gergen, 27-48. New York: New York University Press.  Benston, Margaret. 1989. Feminism and the Critique of Scientific Method. In Feminism: From Pressure to Politics, eds. A. Miles and G. Finn, 57-76. Montreal: Black Rose Books.  Or look at Feminist Critiques of Science http://www.counterbalance.net/rjr/femin-body.html  There's a general look at bias in science in the book "The Bias of Science" which is featured in synopsis form at http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/79bias.html  You could do a course in it, and actually be informed on the topic at hand... http://www.haverford.edu/femgenstudies/Brokes.html  There's a list of readings at http://www.library.wisc.edu/libraries/WomensStudies/bibliogs/hws/hws0508.htm  You have obviously never studied epistemology of science.  Maths, a tool of science, and a science itself has been shown to be biased -with controversy about the statistics of IQ Test results, to demographic studies influenced by Notational bias*  *Notational bias Notational bias is a form of cultural bias in which a notation induces the appearance of a nonexistent natural law. For example, consider a scientific experiment that seeks to measure whether most people keep their cars inside or outside garages. How does such a notation cope with cloth car covers, or carports which consist of a roof with open sides? This is a source of error caused by the available categories. It is a form of notational error. See also: Cultural bias, and Cognitive bias http://www.sciencedaily.com/encyclopedia/notational_bias  You have a lot of reading to do, but I doubt you'll do any. Just say "Someone answered all these points somewhere else", and that should suffice as a 'debate'.    PS There's even a study in the study of bias in science http://socrates.berkeley.edu/~maccoun/ar_bias.html  Ah, postmodernism!
Ursus, what do you think of Godel's Incompletness Theorem in realtion of the inability to logically prove anything?  'Godel's Incompleteness Theorem (1931): Given any advanced mathematical system, there are always statements which are true but can not be proven true within that mathematical system.' http://home.earthlink.net/~csvaughen/godel/godel.html  Further you stated my links of evolution to materialism as false...  ?Carl Sagan described the theory of evolution in his final book as the doctrine that "human beings (and all the other species) have slowly evolved by natural processes from a succession of more ancient beings with no divine intervention needed along the way." It is the alleged absence of divine intervention throughout the history of life?the strict materialism of the orthodox theory?that explains why a great many people, only some of whom are biblical fundamentalists, think that Darwinian evolution (beyond the micro level) is basically materialistic philosophy disguised as scientific fact?  http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft9711/johnson.html  The naturalism that science adopts is methodological naturalism. It does not assume that nature is all there is; it merely notes that nature is the only objective standard we have. Supernaturalism (whatever that is) is not ruled out a priori; it is left out because it has never been reliably observed. There are many scientists who use naturalism but who believe in more than nature. http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA601.html  Dembski claimed that evolution's materialism denied God. "Evolution's materialism or methodological naturalism denies a role for God. "Methodological naturalism asks us for the sake of science to pretend that the material world is all there is." [Dembski, 1996] http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA601_1.html HOWEVER, far from denying the 'materialism' of evolution, talk-origins just says that evolution does not deny God! That is, evolution IS materialistic.
Hello, Montalban. I'm glad to see that you are still around. I was afraid that maybe you got sick and tired of us and left for good!  That's 'cause I'd only just found out about Godel's Theorem. What do you think of Turing's Stopping Theorem?  I think it shows that all human-made systems of thought, however useful, will always have their limitations. The universe just is, and it would appear that the most humans can do is to come up with approximate ways of understanding it. What do you think of it?  I agree.  Incidentally, this doesn't mean that we are unable to prove anything - it means we are unable to prove everything - an important semantic difference, I think.  I believe Godel also proved that no advanced mathematical system can ever be proved to be self-consistent. In other words, any advanced mathematical system (including the Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory that currently forms the basis of modern mathematics) might, just might, have an inconsistency that will render it invalid and useless. What do you think of that?  I believe that there are extensions to this, because maths and logic are alike, that one can't prove anything by maths-like logic, either... He proved it impossible to establish the internal logical consistency of a very large class of deductive systems - elementary arithmetic, for example - unless one adopts principles of reasoning so complex that their internal consistency is as open to doubt as that of the systems themselves ... Second main conclusion is ... Gödel showed that Principia, or any other system within which arithmetic can be developed, is essentially incomplete. In other words, given any consistent set of arithmetical axioms, there are true mathematical statements that cannot be derived from the set... Even if the axioms of arithmetic are augmented by an indefinite number of other true ones, there will always be further mathematical truths that are not formally derivable from the augmented set.' http://www.miskatonic.org/godel.html Further... 'They showed that it could not be done, that there were fundamental obstacles to formalizing all of mathematics and making mathematics absolutely black and white and absolutely crystal clear.' http://www.cs.umaine.edu/~chaitin/cmu.html   Well, Carl Sagan doesn't necessarily speak for me, nor does he speak for everyone who accepts the theory of evolution.  Cool. Of course, he's dead, so he doesn't 'speak' for me either emoticon_smile  (attempted humour)   Second, I notice that your quote marks start after the word doctrine; did Sagan use this word himself? What do you mean by doctrine anyway? And a great many people do not see Darwinian evolution as a basically materialistic philosophy. Theistic evolutionists, for example. And Christians who believe that God may not have directly intervened in the evolutionary process, but may have set up the laws of physics in a way that made the evolution of intelligent beings inevitable - Conway Morris, for example.  I just mean to show that evolution is materialistic, which you denied. I showed this quote, plus one by talkorigins...  Dembski claimed a lot of things.  Yes, but the point is that when he claims evolution is materialist, and therefore denies God, talkorigins claims that their materialism does not deny God. No one denies that evolution is materialistic. This is what I claimed, and this is what you said was false.  As for Dembski, I've changed my mind about him where I don't support his efforts to find ID. I would think that, hypothetically if he could, he'd be attempting to impose limits on the power of God.    PS what's Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory? emoticon_xbye
What is the point of thinking about anything if you are a flawed human being that can make flawed conclusions? What about looking at data and examining evidence? Will we distort the results of any experiment so it conforms to our estabilshed world view?  What about ignoring that science says that in the long run it can't know anything as 'true', that it can't 'prove' anything. What about actually not presenting any argument at all, just simply cast a little mud in the hope that some of it sticks. Would that be something that you might do?  Unless Close_slave_can you have in mind a science experiment that proves the truth of science experiments then your interjection is just another waste of time.  You are either certain science can provide absolute answers, in which case, please present the science that backs this up, or you don't believe science can provide absolute answers. If the later, then you are wasting time, because that's all that I've stated here, and yet you must agree with me. As I say, if the former, please actually provide some kind of argument.  Science is certain about one thing; it is not certain.... shown is Godel's Theorem which paradoxically proves that Maths can't prove anything... and by extension, any application of logic.  Further, Turing's Halting Theorem also shows mathematically the uncertainty of knowing something in advance for a general set of problems. "While Turing's proof shows that there can be no general method or algorithm to determine whether algorithms halt, individual instances of that problem may very well be susceptible to attack. Given a specific algorithm, one can often show that it must halt for any input, and in fact computer scientists often do just that as part of a correctness proof. But every such proof requires new arguments: there is no mechanical, general way to determine whether algorithms halt." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halting_problem  I recall your backflip over 'Nazi' science, first saying that it wasn't 'science', then yes, because it followed scientific method.  I look forward to your next factless post.
Richard Dawkins treats the creation of life from a primordial soup as a fact as certain as the engineering knowledge used to produce aircraft. I accept the primordial ooze concept as the most likely (and cool) explanation and I would be very suprised if someone proved it false. It is standard for people to argue with solid conviction but I don't think scientists should. I know "where do we come from" is to broad a question and should be broken up into many small steps that each can be tested by observation and experiment. However the common perception among laymen is that science thinks it can explain everything perfectly with the " big bang to primordial ooze to man" theory. If people like Dawkins did not present everything as solidly as a defence lawyer or a politician I think this misperception would be diminished.   Please provide the science that proves where we come from.
I come from Iowa. I have documents to prove it.   As far as where living things came from ultimately, Close is telling you that the evidence is not yet compelling. And "proof" cannot be part of science.
I come from Iowa. I have documents to prove it.   As far as where living things came from ultimately, Close is telling you that the evidence is not yet compelling. And "proof" cannot be part of science.  So you can read his mind? If so, tell me then why does he have a probelm with me mentioning that science is uncertain?  I would also like to know why he first says Nazis don't follow science, then they do.  In fact he's missed the point - the fact that they were NAZI, and had a particular ideology enabled them to experiment on live humans as they didn't consider them people. They followed cold scientific reasoning on people, ignoring that they were people screaming for mercy. Ideally, you should praise this as it enabled them to come up with a lot of fact never before known.  Unless you are appalled by what they did, as I am, but this anger is based not on science, but philosophy/theology.  The very nature of their experiments was conducted both through and for an ideological ends.  PS  What's you being born in Iowa got to do with anything? You could have faked those documents; if you are trying to say you can prove something.  But again, I have no problem with science per se. But, when people here argue against the certainty of God based on the uncertainty of science, then I do have a problem.
I just mean to show that evolution is materialistic, which you denied.   Did I deny that? I don't think I meant to. I seem to be having trouble lately communicating clearly. Evolution is a materialistic theory in that it can be described in purely materialistic terms, without invoking the supernatural. That doesn't preclude some religious folk from believing that God might guide the process, or having created the laws of nature to make it inevitable that intelligent life would arise. People can certainly add non-materialistic elements to evolution, although I personally don't see the value of this.  Well yes, I said for example...  Much of evolutionary theory is couched in the values of materialism.   Post 73 This is false.  The only way I could comprehend this is if you had a problem with me suggesting that materialism had 'values'.   That's 'cause I'd only just found out about Godel's Theorem. What do you think of Turing's Stopping Theorem?   Another example of the deficiencies of a certain way of thinking about certain problems. If you think that intelligence is a matter of your brain running through algorithms, Turing's Stopping Theorem can be problematic. However, in this case there may be a way out -- namely coming up with a better model for intelligence that the use of algorithms. But this is a subject I don't know much about.  It suggest that all 'logical' argument is flawed. I think Spock said it best when he said "Logic dictates that in this situation logic is impractical"  But I also don't think that our only way of knowing is based on logic. We are emotional creatures too. Orthodoxy suggests the notion of 'noetic' knowledge - that of feeling. For instance, we know that God is in a sense incomprehensible. Even if we get to be in His presence, the nature of God, by definition of being of God will always have that which is beyond us, and our comprehension.  This too is why I don't always think that science is the best way of explaining some things. Science is limited. It is limited by us.  I think science is a 'bottom-up' approach to reality, with us looking up to 'truth', whereas religion is a 'top-down' approach, with God (who is the only Truth) revealing Himself to us; I thus think it is a superior method of approaching reality.
Oh dear! Another person defending science by non-science!  Hey Ursus,  Monty is trying to pull a bait and switch on you. He is calling science "materialistic", which is a philosophical concept. But in order to be a scientist, it isn't necessary to hold to the philosophy of materialism.  I deny that science is materialistic. I make no assertion that matter is the only or fundamental reality. That is not a tenet of science as I have ever learned it.  Good for you! You can believe in aliens and still be a scientist. However, science itself is supposed to be materialistic. It deals only with material and natural causes.  Carl Sagan recognises that there is materialism there, so does talkorigins - it defends it! It would in fact have saved you a lot of embarrassment had you actually read that. But for those of you who missed it... Dembski made a claim that "Evolution's materialism or methodological naturalism denies a role for God. "Methodological naturalism asks us for the sake of science to pretend that the material world is all there is." Instead of denying that evolution is materialistic, talkorigins.org simply say that, even though it is materialistic, this does not mean that there's room for God. http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA601_1.html  Further... "Materialism has been the foundational philosophy of many scientific geniuses throughout history and is the one common thread that unites many of the world?s most significant scientific documents." http://members.aol.com/Dennis2020/Index.html  "The rise of science and advances made in chemistry, physics, and mechanics contributed to the strengthening of materialism from the late 18th century through the early decades of the 20th. The discovery of chemical elements led to the revival of atomic theory. The publication of Charles Darwin's works on evolution demonstrated the possibility that living organisms can be accounted for on a material basis without any need to refer to a biblical Creator or supernatural purposes. The invention of the computer in the later 20th century suggested to materialists that mind itself can be explained purely in terms of matter and of electrical connections within the brain tissue" http://www.kheper.net/topics/worldviews/materialism.htm  "What Darwinism and scientific materialism have dismantled, intelligent design theory could help restore." http://www.speakout.com/activism/opinions/3116-1.html  Dear me! Dembski's version of science is anti-materialistic. Are you pro-Dembski then?  Science is naturalistic. While that may be a philosophical assertion as to the nature of science, it is not an assertion as the nature of all reality. It is, in fact, an assertion as to the limitations of science. Science can only deal with what can be observed, measured and quantified.  That's what I said! Science is limited. It is materialistic and naturalistic.  Materialism Philosophy. The theory that physical matter is the only reality and that everything, including thought, feeling, mind, and will, can be explained in terms of matter and physical phenomena.  Naturalism Philosophy. The system of thought holding that all phenomena can be explained in terms of natural causes and laws. both definitions from dictionary.com  Note Naturalism is also a philosophy.  Materialism and Naturalism fit perfectly with science because science can't know things that are immaterial such as God. It doesn't seek to explain God. That you might personally believe that there is more to the world then science is really great. Thanks for sharing that. What makes your belief more valid than my belief? You've not said, only attempted to bring someone in on your side... when in fact he's already said... Post31  Evolution is a materialistic theory in that it can be described in purely materialistic terms, without invoking the supernatural.  Whether you call it a philosophy or ideology or not, materialism is the driving force of most science - unless you are the sort of scientist Dembski is.  So Monty's statement, "Much of evolutionary theory is couched in the values of materialism," is absolutely false. You are correct. There are no "values" in evolutionary theory in the sense that Monty means.  Yet you ascribe to science the values of naturalism. You are attempting a false dichotomy by allowing to naturalism the term philosophy, but not to materialism.  Monty goes on to tell us that God is incomprehensible. I presume he means that God is not knowable by either materialistic philosophy (since materialism denies the reality of God) or naturalistic science (which makes no assertions about matters outside of our ability to observe and quantify naturalistic events. Monty is confused.  How so? Do you think God is totally knowable?  I think science is a 'bottom-up' approach to reality, with us looking up to 'truth', whereas religion is a 'top-down' approach, with God (who is the only Truth) revealing Himself to us; I thus think it is a superior method of approaching reality.   Notice the bait and switch. Science seeks to explain reality, which is somehow 'truth', which is what religion just knows without study because of 'noetic' knowledge. Monty just "feels" that he is correct so he must be.  As God is real, it's not just a matter of how I feel. So what? That you believe in things other than science, is un-scientific, too! Unless, like Dembski you are trying to show things come about through super-natural processes. Why do you 'feel' you are right? Show me the certain proofs for your beliefs.  Science can't help but be materialistic. That you acknowledge something 'else' (you didn't specify what) is not scientific. You give neither an idea of what you believe in, or why you believe in it, but you hide behind this in an attempt to attack what I believe in. Congratulations!  Thank you and goodnight!
Greetings to Close and All:  Originally Posted by Close_slave_can << Lets move off discussing actual evolution because I have yet to see a creationist use the scientific definition of evolution.   Terral's reply << I am a creationist that believes God used evolution to repopulate this planet after the Satanic rebellion caused darkness (Gen. 1:2) to separate the singularity forms of expression (of Gen. 1:1) into the man (earthly) / angel (heavenly) forms we have today. God's original creation (Gen. 1:1) became broken, and we are now living in a reconstituted creation. The physical record in creation identifies lower forms evolving into higher forms. The amphibian dynasty preceded the reptilian dynasty. A 'day' to God is simply a very, very long time to men. Scientists say life came out of the water, and so does your Bible. (Gen. 1:20). Male and female came along later (Gen. 1:26-28). Those are sixth day people have been here evolving over millions of years (Leaky's Lucy) into the races we have today.  Adam, however, is a different kind of man altogether from the sixth day races. He was formed by the Lord God on the seventh day (we are still living within the boundaries of that day) into the singularity expression that existed in Genesis 1:1. He was spirit (breath of life), body (dust of ground) and 'became a living soul.' Gen. 2:7. Eve and the Seed were taken out of this one man, who previously possessed every member of the Adamic race within him. So while mankind has been on this planet for millions of years, the descendants of Adam (the descendants of Shem, Japheth and Ham; Noah's sons after the flood) have been here for only the past 6000 years. Everyone else on this planet is descended from the sixth day races.  The land of the garden is the 'land' where Noah's flood took place. The Hebrew expressions for 'earth' and 'land' are identical. Simply replace the mistranslated word earth with land, and the whole account makes better sense. The animals on the Ark were from a local population and not a global one. This is the same ground as the Promised Land given to Abraham, and the site of the future Messianic Kingdom of Israel.   Obedience to the gospel today places us in the position of regaining our pre-fall (Gen.1:1) imperishable vehicles of expression. See 1Corinthians 15.   The answer to kill this thread is that the Creator utilized Evolution as a tool to reconstitute a broken universe into a form that could be reconciled back to Him through His Word.   God bless,  Terral
Monty,  When are you going to learn the basics of science? You don't even seem to understand your own links.  Wow, what a rebuttal! The fact you were calling on another poster for support when he's alerady agreed to the statement about materialism failed to alert you to your waste-of-time-post.  The best you can do is to argue whether materialism is a 'philosophy' not that it dominates science.  Come back again when you've constructed an argument.
Come back when you learn what science is.  You don't know what science is, otherwise you'd not have made rather odd dichotomies such as there's a fundamental difference between materialism in science (which you reject) and naturalism in science (which you accept)  So far all you do is offer opinion. I've offered posts of several people and organisations that disagree with you.  You have a right to have your opinion, but so far, that's all you've presented.
Greetings to Close and All:  G'day to you too!  "Long ago (in the 4th century!) one of the Church's teachers Vasilius the Great wrote about this. He advised the Orthodox Christians neither to rely upon the scientific data in order to provide foundation for their faith in Christ, nor to try to disprove them, because "the scientists permanently disprove themselves."  http://www.pravoslavie.ru/english/age-of-earth.htm   The answer to kill this thread is that the Creator utilized Evolution as a tool to reconstitute a broken universe into a form that could be reconciled back to Him through His Word.   God bless,  Terral  If only that was so easy! Which model of evolution did God use?  Further, within the orthodox models of evolution are further different models.  For instance when I was studying evolution in 1986 we had taught 4 mutually exclusive theories as to the ascent of man.  I would have asked you then... 'Which model did God use?"  There were the... Unilinear School   Polyphyletic School,   Preneanderthal School  Presapiens School  each was an equally valid possibility because each followed the rules of evidence.  Now some of those models have bitten the dust, and new mutually exclusive theories have emerged.  So, I can still ask you "Which model did God use?"  Even within models there are problems. Some aspects of evolution are inherently value-ridden, and this has been the case since The Theory of Evolution first stained the world. (note the value statement there!)  "Among the most significant scientific influences on the reification of a theory of sexual dimorphism in the nineteenth century was the work of Charles Darwin. His evolutionary theory held that the sexual categories male and female emerged to serve the fundamental purpose of species reproduction required for natural selection and survival. The binary sex categories and the characteristics that distinguished them were defined as natural across time and place, a phylogenetically inherited structure of two basic types of human groups. By the end of the nineteenth century, male and female came to be seen as "innate structures in all forms of life ... [and] heterosexuality as the teleologically necessary and highest form of sexual evolution" (Herdt, 1996, p. 28)."  http://www.findarticles.com/cf_0/m2...1/article.jhtml    That is, some of the ideas of Darwin were couched in the dominant ideas of his time. Thus Darwin attempted to explain gender roles in evolutionary terms  "Darwin postulated that females are ''coy,'' mating rarely and choosing their mates carefully, presumably betting their odds on the males with the best genes to contribute to their offspring. For their part, males are ''ardent'' and promiscuous, and fight amongst themselves for female partners. Later theories added that males are promiscuous because they have less to lose by making babies - unlike eggs, sperm are plentiful and small. Plus, females usually do most of the work to raise the offspring" http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_relea...u-sag021003.php    Further, the name of this thread is...'Where does science say we come from?' You believe in God, but science doesn't. If somewhere along the line you feel/think God is involved, well science can't agree (it can't disagree either as it can't prove for God), but the main point is, your notion of God is not scientific. So you need to look at 'Where does science say we come from?' without reference to God.
Hello, ungerdunn. I think what Montalban is guilty of is the fallacy of equivocation, but, if I may be so bold as to read another person's mind, I don't think it is intentional.  Hello, Montalban. I think we are getting ourselves confused here. There are several meanings of materialism and of naturalism, and we are in danger of equivocating if we are not careful. I thought I had explained what I felt clearly, but I guess I haven't. Judging from another thread, I seem to be having some trouble getting myself understood.  Here is what I meant. Science in general and the theory of evolution in particular are materialistic in that they only deal with the natural, material universe, and they assume that phenomena have natural causes. They assume that phenomena have natural causes because that is all that they can deal with.   This is not to say that science and evolution automatically assume that the natural, material universe is all that there is; only that they are unable to deal with the supernatural. If the supernatural can be studied using the scientific method, then the supernatural can be a subject of science.  Ungerdunn may disagree with how I am using some of these words, but I suspect that we are in broad agreement of the principle ideas of what I am saying. I am hoping to avoid an argument of semantics, Montalban. So I am going to have to pin you down on a very precise defintion of "materialism" or "naturalism".  I think that this is rather an artificial notion you have.  Science can never test for God, so it's pointless to say that it won't rule God out. It's like saying science has a choice, but we know they will never choose one option. Therefore materialism is by default a part of science.  Individual scientists might have their own ideas, but that is completely besides the point as far as science is concerned (well it should be - if you are arguing that science is about objective truths and scientific evidence).  The problem is that science is not divorced from scientists, so when people have their own value judgments on top of their scientific understandings, then they will say that science 'won't rule out God'  As I believe it can never 'rule Him in' ever, it's rather hollow to say it won't rule Him out.  I think we had a debate some time ago whether sciences is atheistic or agnostic.  My understanding of materialism and naturalism are that they hold that all that is, is in nature (naturalism), that is, there is nothing super-natural, and therefore all causes in nature are material, (that is, caused by something tangible or rather, not by something super-natural).  This is why it is easy to be an atheist and a scientist, becuase the science encapsulates everything that the atheist is prepared to accept. If you believe in God, than that is extra-science.
I did not first say nazis follow science and later on say that they did follow science I proved your point about some scientists being nazis was total nonsense. I asked you how nazis used science to justify their ideology. You provdied none you dodged the issue by talking about how nazis tortured people but the results of the torture did not prove their ideology. By your logic nazis had shoes so wearing shoes is evil. Or perhaps you are making the incredibly trivial point that practising science does not make you act in a noble fashion just like wearing shoes does not make you act in a noble fashion. It is very rude of you to assume that we know nothing of nazi attrocities we think that all you need to be good person is to follow scientific principles. I can honestly say you are easily the rudest person I have met on the net and that is saying something.  Post 46 Nazis called it science but unless you give me a nazi hypothesis and how they tested it then it is not science. If you want to use nazis as an example about how people use pseduo science to justify unethical behaviour thats fine but proper science is as blameless as the rules of algebra.  That is, that they did not follow science.  BUT Post 56 you said...  I enjoyed your link http://www.adl.org/Braun/dim_14_1_nazi_med.asp  but it proves my point. Using a scientific method the Nazis came up with the statement that smoking is linked to cancer and the article says that is totally true. According to that article if you follow the scientific method your results are not opinion they are facts.  So, why are you congratulating the Nazis for finding about a link to cancer if you now claim? a) you don't know of any of their experiments and b) that the didn't follow science  Further to that, why do you think the Nazis did these experiments on humans if not to further their ideology?
The story of science under German fascism is not, as conventional wisdom would have it, only a narrative of suppression and survival; a truthful account will explain how and why Nazi ideology promoted certain areas of inquiry, and how projects and policies were championed or disappeared because of political considerations. http://www.adl.org/Braun/dim_14_1_nazi_med.asp  montalban your point would only be valid if you could scientifically prove that the Nazis did not commit atrocities.   I've no idea what you mean by this. Are you saying that they didn't?  Doctor Leonard Hoenig, Assistant Professor of Medicine at the University of South Florida College of Medicine, categorized the Nazi experiments as ...inspired and administered through racial ideologies of genocide. Doctor Hoenig maintained that nothing scientific could have resulted from sadism. http://www.jlaw.com/Articles/NaziMedEx.html For them, they don't believe for these reasons it can be said to be science.  Some agree that the data is still useful While some researchers deem Nazi hypothermia and phosgene data defective, others find parts helpful and believe their research benefits from it. Further, other Nazi data--the sea water studies in particular--may be of decent scientific quality (Franzblau & Thaler, 1984b). Though such data may be valuable, is its use ethical? http://www.stanford.edu/group/STS/techne4.shtml  How could you come to that interpretation? I was saying they could follow science but their ideology did not come from science. Post 56 states the same thing their is no contradiction if you don't deliberately twist my words.   No, you said that the experiments that they conducted was not science. You said, 'Nazis called it science'. That is, just because they called it science, it's not necessarily science. Then you challenge me which is itself an admission of this; that it can't be called science unless I show you the actual experimentation performed. And then you criticise the fact I will not publish an actual example. I do not want to give them any more 'credit'. But for you, this proves that I can't show that it was 'science', through the fact I've not been able to prove it was science, by the criteria you set.  I said that I did not need to show an actual experiment anyway, because it is understood that the science was 'good' in that it followed rules for science, and could actually be applied (should our views on the ethics of it change). To which you acknowledge this when you then you congratulate them on finding some kind of cancer link.  They attempted to gain knowledge through science. If it weren't for their ideology, they'd have not experimented on humans.  "To determine how long German pilots forced to bail out over water could survive and to establish effective rewarming techniques, researchers conducted the notorious Dachau hypothermia studies (Berger, 1990). These entailed immersion of subjects in vats of ice water, often until they froze to death (Proctor, 1988). In other studies, researchers subjected prisoners to mutilating limb and bone transplants to improve techniques for use in actual medical emergencies; investigators also injected prisoners with infectious bacteria to determine the potency of new antibacterial drugs. One experimenter shot prisoners through the neck and chest or amputated their extremities to evaluate the performance of a blood clotting agent (Berger, 1990). Combined, these and other experiments killed or injured as many as 10,000 concentration camp prisoners (Thomas, 1990)." http://www.stanford.edu/group/STS/techne4.shtml  Look to the "RACIALLY MOTIVATED EXPERIMENTS" listed at http://www.jlaw.com/Articles/NaziMedEx.html  Then you call me rude.  They performed experiments to gain knowledge to give them power. The knowledge itself is just knowledge.  No, no it is not. The twins experiments is not 'just knowledge'. I find it reprehensible that anyone should claim it so. You might want to support human experimentation in order to benefit science, but I find it a repulsive notion.  A Nazi world view was Jews should be exterminated. How does science support this world view? Give me the hypothesis and experiment that supports this world view, not the irrelevant material you have already given me and you have a valid point. Don't you are just using a facetious guilt by association argument.  See racially motivated experiments above, or "Early in power the National Science groups were pushed into research of the race and experiments commenced. First the party needed propaganda to prove all other races were inferior. Measurements of heads, eyes, nose, blood were required. The vast majority of the early experiments were a propaganda sham. It was determined Gypsies had different blood and were inclined to criminal behavior. The same type of findings were made of all races other than the Nazis." http://www.remember.org/educate/medexp.html  In conclusion:  Ultimately, the arguments as to whether the experiments were scientific or not, or whether the doctors were medically competent or not, leaves one with the impression that had such experiments been "good" science and the doctors medical professionals, these facts would somehow change our impression of the doctors and their experiments. This is not true. The sadistic evil of the Nazi butchery is in no way lessened by its scientific value. Conferring medical or scientific validity on the Nazi murderers is not an option for consideration. http://www.jlaw.com/Articles/NaziMedEx.html
I did not say that. You took a whole paragraph and totally twisted its meaning and claimed thats what I said. We have disagreed about this three times. Unless you show me a different paragraph of mine that supports this claim there is no point bringing it up again.   If you read my posts instead of picking out bits and totally distorting them you would realise I have said the same thing.  Post 41 Why bring up nazis? How can you justify exterminating jews with science?  This was in response to my assertion that there is a reality called 'Nazi science' You are saying that it has nothing to do with science.  I can repeat what you said.  Post 46 Nazis called it science but unless you give me a nazi hypothesis and how they tested it then it is not science.  If you want to use nazis as an example about how people use pseduo science to justify unethical behaviour thats fine but proper science is as blameless as the rules of algebra.  Now you are saying that not only you never said this, but that you said the opposite, and have always said the opposite.
Hello all :)  I just want to bring up the point about technologies developed by the Nazi's that we used after the war, despite any human cost that been involved in their development/manufacture.  For example the V2(A-4) program employed large numbers of forced labourers in the construction of production facilities (Mittelwerk) and the assembly of the missiles themselves. Tens of thousands of the slave workers died in the course of the undertaking, under brutal conditions.  At the end of the war the site was captured by the US Army. Besides large numbers of technical personnel (including the well known Werner Von Braun) along with a number of A-4's (built by the slave labourers) were taken to America and formed the nucleus of their ballistic missile program, and ultimately the NASA space program.  Now, while the labourers were not the subjects of medical experiments like those you have aleady discussed, the program could not have operated without them.  So should the Americans have destroyed all traces of V2 manufacture because of those who died, or were they right to use the technology and materials that came out of an operation with such a high human cost inflicted by the Nazi's who were involved?  A link to a site that discusses the V-2 history:  V-2 Missile Production  I don't support using their science, even if certain people here claim it was 'good science'.  However, in saying that, I can't undo the Space Program, which was built on that knowledge. I can't unknow what we've learned since then.
Montalban and All:  Montalban wrote << If only that was so easy! Which model of evolution did God use?  Terral's reply << No sir. The title of this thread is "Where does science say we came from?" under the Creation vs Evolution Heading. Science teaches Evolution over Creation, because that theory leaves scientific evidence. If the Creator utilized Evolution over very long periods (six days of Genesis 1 = six hundred million years, or longer periods), then that is the answer to this thread. Please feel free to start another.   My interpretation of Scripture agrees 100 percent with the geological record, and the Creation 'versus' Evolution concept is most redundant. Evolution is just as real as the Creator. Life shall continue to adapt to the environment in order to become a more suitable vehicle of expression. You can call the process anything you like, under whatever headings and titles you wish to invent. Since He has been in the Creator business for eternity, I would imagine that He has used all your models and many that you cannot gather words to describe.   Montalban << Further, the name of this thread is...'Where does science say we come from?' You believe in God, but science doesn't . . .  Terral's reply << I believe in the Creator and Evolution. Science is not in the position to believe anything, and Montalban does not speak for all scientists. Science will not stand with you at judgment. You utilize science on a much smaller scale to how the Creator uses evolution, as a tool. Therefore, proving that all your theories are correct in no way proves the non-existence of the Creator. He looks down on believer and skeptic all the same.   God bless,  Terral
A summary of the conversation between me and montalban montalban: Nazis wore shoes, shoes are evil Close: shoes are not inherentally evil montalban: The nazis wore shoes and they kicked people with them, don't pretend nazis had nothing to do with shoes.  Close: It is unfortunate they kicked people and did much worse, but shoes are still not evil. montalban: You are wrong Nazi shoes are evil. They were part of a uniform  that looked pleasing before the nazis associated it with evil. People wanted to belong to group and the uniform were part of the peer pressure that forced some people to join the nazis.  Close: using the phrase "nazi shoes" to demonstrate shoes are evil is misleading. Just call them shoes.  montalban: How could you not know there are nazi shoes? they part of the  Uniform of the SS. The people in the SS did evil things and some of them liked wearing the uniform including the shoes. shoes are evil. Close : shoes and nazi shoes are not the same thing montalban: yes they are  Close: prove it Montalban: Nazis did evil things wearing shoes.  Close: Unless you can show there is a direct connection between nazi attrocities and wearing shoes your point is not valid.  montalban: The nazis kicked people with shoes that proves there is a connection.  Close: It does not show a connection.  montalban: You are contradicting yourself at the start you said nazis did evil things in shoes and now you are saying there is no connection.   That's very cute, but very misrepresentative. In fact you're not even close  Try Montalban: There are many different types of science; feminist science, capitalist science, nazi science Close: Nazi science is not science Montalban: Here are some sites that disagree with you Close: No, until you can show me an actual experiment it's not science Montalban: I don't want to show an actual experiment, the fact that scientists are debating over whether to use the actual data means that it did follow scientitic methodolgy Close: No, until you can show me an actual experiment it's not science Montalban: Then I can't prove this to your satisfaction Close: Oh, wait. Their findings on smoke shows that it was perfect science, what a noble pursuit science is Montalban: Nazi science is fuelled by their ideology of race, any experiments they did on humans is evil and can't be applauded as a triumph of science. Further you said before Nazi science wasn't science. Close: I never said that at all. But it's good science Montalban: I'm disgusted by you crowing about how 'good' it is. It's evil what they did Close: Then according to you, Nazis wore shoes, wearing shoes is evil.  You've not only reveresed your opinion on whether it was science or not, but now you're saying that because I don't support their experimentation on humans that a) I'm against all science and b) some stupid analogy about shoes.  I am truly amazed that you would sit there defending the pursuits of Nazi scientists.
Montalban and All:  Montalban wrote << If only that was so easy! Which model of evolution did God use?  Terral?s reply << No sir. The title of this thread is ?Where does science say we came from?? under the Creation vs Evolution Heading. Science teaches Evolution over Creation, because that theory leaves scientific evidence. If the Creator utilized Evolution over very long periods (six days of Genesis 1 = six hundred million years, or longer periods), then that is the answer to this thread. Please feel free to start another.   My interpretation of Scripture agrees 100 percent with the geological record, and the Creation ?versus? Evolution concept is most redundant. Evolution is just as real as the Creator. Life shall continue to adapt to the environment in order to become a more suitable vehicle of expression. You can call the process anything you like, under whatever headings and titles you wish to invent. Since He has been in the Creator business for eternity, I would imagine that He has used all your models and many that you cannot gather words to describe.   Montalban << Further, the name of this thread is...'Where does science say we come from?' You believe in God, but science doesn't . . .  Terral?s reply << I believe in the Creator and Evolution. Science is not in the position to believe anything, and Montalban does not speak for all scientists. Science will not stand with you at judgment. You utilize science on a much smaller scale to how the Creator uses evolution, as a tool. Therefore, proving that all your theories are correct in no way proves the non-existence of the Creator. He looks down on believer and skeptic all the same.   God bless,  Terral  You believe God worked through evolution, I take it? Which model of evolution did he use? I'm not asking you to 'prove' through science that he used a particular model, but I'd like your ideas about it as you seem to think that He was at work through the process of evolution, and there are so many different models, and many are mutually exclusive.
The heart of Darwinism is survival of the fittest. "Further on in his Descent, Darwin elaborates on this theme describing his dream of a future for mankind when the black races of man, as well as the mountain gorilla of Africa, will hopefully become extinct, thus enhancing the chances for the evolutionary advancement of the more "civilized" races of man: "At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace, the savage races throughout the world. At the same time the anthropomorphous apes, as Professor Schaaffhausen has remarked, will no doubt be exterminated. The break between man and his nearest allies will then be wider, for it will intervene between man in a more civilized state, as we may hope, even than the Caucasian, and some ape as low as a baboon, instead of as now between the negro or Australian and the gorilla." (Descent of Man, Chapter Six: On the Affinities and Genealogy of Man, On the Birthplace and Antiquity of Man)" http://www.thedarwinpapers.com/oldsite/number12/Darwinpapers12HTML.htm or http://www.infidels.org/library/historical/charles_darwin/descent_of_man.html  ?The result of all racial crossing is therefore in brief always the following:  Lowering of the level of the higher race; Physical and intellectual regression and hence the beginning of a slowly but surely progressing sickness.? Adolf Hitler, ?Mein Kampf: Volume One - A Reckoning Chapter XI: Nation and Race? http://www.hitler.org/writings/Mein_Kampf/mkv1ch11.html  ?A central theme of Hitler?s thinking was the concept of struggle. In the nineteenth century the naturalist Charles Darwin had explained how in the world of nature when the environment changed some of the species with favourable variations survived better that others. Darwin called this ?natural selection?.  Social Darwinism was a concept that emerged later in the nineteenth century suggesting that what applied to nature could also apply to human society ? that the strong prevail over the weak, that superior races prevail over inferior races. This concept with its theme of struggle and survival of the fittest appealed to Hitler. ?Struggle? wrote Hitler ?is the father of all things?He who wants to live must fight and who does not want to fight in this world where external struggle is the law of life has no right to exist?. http://www.planetpapers.com/Assets/3197.php  Nazi governmental policy was openly influenced by Darwinism, the Zeitgeist of both science and educated society of the time Stein, G., Biological science and the roots of Nazism, American Scientist 76(1):50?58, 1988. quoted at http://www.trueorigin.org/holocaust.asp  This conclusion has justified a wide variety of governmental and scientific policies, not the least infamous were racial genocide programs. Gould, Stephen Jay, 1981. The Mismeasure of Man, W. W. Norton Co., New York. Schleuncs, Karl A., 1970. The Twisted Road to Auschwitz, University of Illinois Press, Urbana, Illinois, pp. 147-149. quoted at http://www.biblebelievers.net/CreationScience/kjcevol1.htm  This is not to suggest that all Darwinists support(ed) genocide. Many advocates of Darwinism at the beginning of the 20th century only went so far as to propose that sterilisation of poor and undesirable classes be carried out (to prevent them breeding and polluting the gene pool). Other Darwinists, who might still hold onto Western concepts of morality would not support either genocide or eugenics (I would hope). However, quite clearly science and Nazism can easily be linked.  This doesn?t imply science is evil. Science has no morals, but science doesn?t just ?exist? by itself. Once a person starts applying science or studying science, they bring with them their own values. And because of the inherent amorality of science, it can be meshed into a huge number of beliefs (see below; different types of science).  @montalban you say "but now you're saying that because I don't support their experimentation on humans that I'm against all science."  To be exact you have clearly implied  "because I don't support their experimentation on humans that I consider any sort of science no better than any other world view".  This is true to the point that science is a tool for using by man in backing up his world-view. You just assume that 'science' as you know it 'is' science and that all others aren't.  I asked you justify this statement and you did it by defining Nazi science in two different ways. The first definition of you use "Nazi science" is the experiments performed by the Nazis which I condemn. The second definition is that science is exactly the same as ideology so Nazi science is Nazi ideology. According to your definitions "Nazi ideology= Nazi science" and "chemistry = science" so translating the reasonable sentence. "Nazi ideology is not the same as chemistry" into "montalbanspeak" we get "Nazi science is not science". I used your own definitions and you called me a silly Nazi supporter.  You are right about condemning Nazi atrocities but you have proven your previous statements involving the phrase Nazi science were nonsense because when I use phrase "Nazi science" using your definition "Nazi science= Nazi ideology" you say I do not make sense and you say I am being ridiculous. Thank you for proving your previous offhand comments about "there are many types of science including Nazi science so evolution is exactly the same as being a Nazi because evolution is a science" were invalid.  No. I stated there are different versions of science. The science you know of rightly shouldn't just be called 'science', but Western Capitalist Science.  Most of the links you have given me define a science that is not the same as torturing human beings so they also prove you wrong.  Most of?  But even here you are wrong in your re-rendition. Most of them are using their own western values to suggest that it can't be science if Nazis applied Nazi values to science, as you tried to do.  In the western mind-set, they are appalled by the experiments done on humans, not because it isn't 'science', but because they are looking at it through western ethics that human experiments is bad. It is only 'bad science' because it's done on humans (which is actually judging the science by ethics, not by science). This is the argument you first attempted to do, judging their science, by your ethics. Then you changed you mind to judge their science as science, but make an ethical statement that it was a just pursuit of knowledge.  I maintain that the Nazis did the experiments on humans precisely because they viewed their subjects as less than human. But a dialectic relationship was at work, because they also used science to back up their notions that the people weren't human. You have stated that is wasn't science, based on your notion that anything 'tainted' with Nazism isn't science (which is suppose to be value-free, according to you), but then you recognize that what they did was scientific... in relation to a specific example regarding smoking. But you fail to note that the reason that they did that experiment was to further their own racist notions.  The ideology of Nazis was reflected by earlier notions of class and lead to the sciences of eugenics, and phrenology (which we are appalled by now, so we conveniently call them 'pseudo-science')  In fact; there's Nazi Science Marxist Science Feminist Science Capitalist Science various Nationalist Sciences Finnish nationalist science! (see http://www.hf-fak.uib.no/smi/paj/isotalo.html) Indian (see http://www.ljudmila.org/nettime/zkp4/08.htm) Chinese various attempts at religious-Sciences Pythaogrean Science Christian (Creationist) Science Islamic Science (some of these are pseudo sciences, depending upon your a priori understandings of normative science)  Each one of these will use science to further their own ends, and they will each 'succeed' because they can all find the evidences to back them up. The Chinese are quick to show the prominent role China played in our evolution. There is evidence that we evolved in Africa, or that we evolved elsewhere. http://www.chineseprehistory.org/beard.htm suggests that man arose in China, not Africa!* (or rather an ancestor of man arose there) http://www.chineseprehistory.org//index.htm is the introduction to this site. It is evidence of the nature of evidence, wholly subjective; that Chinese nationalism is behind these particular pieces of 'scientific evidence.' This increases the over-all number of different forms of science there are.  "In Marxism, groups are more important than individuals. Capitalists view nature as competitive, whereas these Marxist critics tend to view it as being much more cooperative." http://www.stephenjaygould.org/reviews/hull_sociobiology.html  I also mentioned earlier Darwin's ideas of 'coy' females and he had the science to back that up. This is in a similar vein; the dialectic relationship between science and world-view. He was raised in the era of women at home. People, not just him have provided scientific studies to back this world-view up. But as our world-view changes, we find the science that suggests more equality. I have given you a number of feminist critiques which still determine science is value-riddled. You said his findings were 'okay'. "In all of these cases, gender bias is represented as a cause of error, or at least delay in recognizing the truth." http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/f...m-epistemology/  In the early 1970s a group of radical feminists went so far as to suggest that it was physically impossible for a woman to achieve sexual orgasm whilst having penetrative sex. They had empirical data; so much so that they insisted that even if the woman experienced an orgasm, she was said to be deceiving her self.... "That even in a woman's sexuality, there is deceit on the part of men, and complacency on the part of some women" in Koedt, A. "The Myth of Vaginal Orgasm."  in Koedt, A. & Levine, E. & Rapone, A., (eds.). (1973). "Radical Feminism". Quadrangle Books, New York, p204  Then you call me rude for pointing out you change your opinion on whether it's science or not.  Then you give a truly dishonest rendering of what I say by stating I believe all science to be evil.  Not to mention that you give some truly odd notions about their science experiments being okay, if they followed rules of science. You said this too! That is was a just pursuit of knowledge.
@montalban I honestly think that your comments are basically the same as my shoes are evil argument and repeating your comments again and again does not convince me otherwise. You could say that there are many types of shoes marxist shoes and shoes worn by feminists but it does not prove anything. The statement that some nazis commited war crimes and also like being part of an organisation that had uniforms (including those evil shoes) does not prove shoes are evil. If you don't like my use of the word "evil" replace it with the word "worthless". Now that I think of it makes it a better analogy but your arguments are still baseless as far as I can see. I tried to ask you to clarify your big picture but I never got answers to help clarify and justify your basic stance. Maybe my questions were poorly worded because you seemed to always answer a different question to what I asked. If you want the final word you are more than welcome to it but I think I better give up.  Your continual attempt to fit my words into this 'science is evil' a priori belief of yours is tiresome.* Further you simply don't address any issue of my previous post. Kudos.  That you should say Nazi science ins't science, then it is, seems to have hit a raw nerve.  If you give up posting, I guess you're tired of re-workings of my beliefs. You've ignored sources I've cited, thus the 'research-light' school of posting shows itself again. You did so in a mock conversation which had the sole intent of causing ridicule! And it worked, because someone stated that they thought it was funny.   *See previous posting. Science is only pure when it is untarnished by man. The moment someone comes to the scientific table.  You've provided no argument to counter this, other than by some mis-placed idea to say that I say all science is evil... and you repeat this misrepresntation only to cause a mockery.  The nature of science is it is so elastic as to be a tool by all number of men, Nazis, capitalists, nationalists, feminists etc. You just assume that you have a pristine version of it.
I love it, Close! Well done!  The sole reason for him to post this was to get a reaction from someone like you.  He manufactured an argument to cause a mockery... rather than a debate.  When I have said that he said something, then reversed this, I have provided quotes.  In fact for the last three pages I have provided opinion backed up by outside sources. My nemesis has, in the same time provided only opinion. Yet he calls me rude! That he would make no effort to debate, but to make a falsely constructed argument so as to cause a mockery of me seems to have scored points with you.
Close_slave_can, I think you are correct. Monty keeps returning to the same rut, post after post, after post. He has been shown to be incorrect several times in this thread alone. And yet, he continues to spout the same rhetoric, claiming that he is correct and supporting his assertions with debunked arguments. So I guess the answer is that you should take off your shoes, or something.  Has anyone been listening? I do not say science is 'evil'. Does anyone know what amoral is? You guys simply keep saying that I am saying that, the ultimate use of strawman tactics.  Yes, people keep posting opinion rather than backing it up with facts. Rather than actually debate this, you make 'just-so' arguments that my contentions have been answered 'somewhere else'.  Monty starts his last post with a fallacy. He says, "The heart of Darwinism is survival of the fittest." Monty is dead wrong. Darwin objected to the phrase applied to his theories from the first day he heard it. It became popular and Darwin was finally persuaded to use it by Wallace, the co-discoverer of the theory of natural selection. Darwin used it in the 4th edition of "Origins," ALWAYS either preceded or followed by a reference to natural selection. "Survival of the fittest" is a tautology. Fitness is determined by survival and those that survive are the fittest. That is not Darwinism - not even on the surface  "Darwin used the term "natural selection" in his book "On the Origin of Species" but was persuaded that Spencer's phrase "survival of the fittest" was probably 'more convenient' " http://www.perceptions.couk.com/genes1.html#rst "Darwin did not believe that the environment was producing the variation within the finch populations. He correctly thought that the variation already existed and that nature just selected for the most suitable beak shape and against less useful ones. Darwin and his supporters ultimately described this process as the "survival of the fittest." This is very different from Lamarck's incorrect idea that the environment altered the shape of individuals and that these acquired changes were then inherited." http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_2.htm  The best twist on this is... The phrase 'survival of the fittest' was not even Darwin's. It was urged on him by Wallace, the codiscoverer of natural selection, who hated 'natural selection' because he thought it implied that something was doing the selecting. Darwin coined the term 'natural selection' because had made an analogy with 'artificial selection' as done by breeders, an analogy Wallace hadn't made when he developed his version of the theory. The phrase 'survival of the fittest' was originally due to Herbert Spencer some years before the Origin http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/tautology.html That is, it doesn't argue that he didn't use it, just that he didn't 'coin' it.  However, you are just plain wrong... Look at this chapter from Darwin's own book On the Origin Of Species (1859) Chapter IV: Natural Selection; Or  the Survival of the Fittest   http://www.infidels.org/library/historical/charles_darwin/origin_of_species/Chapter4.html From the same source This preservation of favourable individual differences and variations, and the destruction of those which are injurious, I have called Natural Selection, or the  Survival of the Fittest.   NOTE well too, you even argue against yourself in your own words; you state a) Darwin always fought against it b) Darwin conceded to it, under pressure from Wallace What difference does it make if he uses it in conjunction with 'natural selection'? None. He uses it, becuase he was pursuaded to by Wallace BECAUSE it was a better way of describing his ideas (see quote above) That's why he says "OR" between the two, because they equate as being the same  Darwin expressed 5 independent theories in "Origins": etc. All of the above have moved beyond the province of scientific testing. All of the above have been observed, and Darwin's theory predicted them exactly. The above was a simple statement of natural selection. While Monty claims to do it in one simple phrase, it took me a few words more.  Good for you, but what has this got to do with Nazis using it? I suppose by supposition that's been 'dealt somewhere else', too.  Moreover, Monty quotes a source that represents Darwin's opinions as "his dream of a future." It was no such thing. Sadly, Darwin's postdiction (sic?) of the extermination of "savage" races was well underway when he wrote those words. And of course, all of the great apes are in danger of extinction. It matters not that Darwin considered some populations of humans to be intermediate between apes and humans. What is important is that Christians believed it to be so, and Christians treated fellow humans as if they were animals.  Quite clearly Darwin sees that survival of the fittest will play out to an ends of 'inferior races' dwindling. I quoted his words.  As to Hitler and Darwinism: Neither Darwin nor Darwinism advocated the extermination of the "unfit." Only XXXXXX make such implications. If one were to educate himself as to the actual principles of Darwinian evolution, one would realize that Hitler was not a Darwinist. The phrase "survival of the fittest" was coined by Herbert Spencer a philosopher/sociologist/economist. "Survival of the fittest" was actually an economic theory. Spencer's economic theory was known as social Darwinism, and it was this theory that Hitler misapplied.  I never said that Darwin did advocate the extermination of the unfit. Post 109 This is not to suggest that all Darwinists support(ed) genocide. Many advocates of Darwinism at the beginning of the 20th century only went so far as to propose that sterilisation of poor and undesirable classes be carried out (to prevent them breeding and polluting the gene pool). Other Darwinists, who might still hold onto Western concepts of morality would not support either genocide or eugenics (I would hope). However, quite clearly science and Nazism can easily be linked.  Hey, but let's just ignore what I say, and let's just presume I've said something else, and argue against that. The fact that several posters are arguing in the same style as you doesn't make you correct. I've notice in the last 3 pages of argument Close has just been giving opinion, and strawman. That I am still arguing against you on this might mean that I am going over the same stuff; for instance a long long time ago, another poster "Hank" also made the same mistake about "survival of the fittest", but I go back, and get the sources, never-the-less.  It is ironic that Monty would make such a big deal of Hitler and Nazism. Hitler always declared that he was a Christian and was doing his Christian duty. He admired Martin Luther greatly. If there is such a thing as Nazi science, then there is also such a thing as Nazi Christianity.  Again making just-so statements. Well, I'll use your own 'evidence-lite' method of argument here. Ungerdunn! These issues have been dealt with a million times in the past, somewhere else!
Monty,  You have now offered quotes from at least two of Darwin's books.  Have you actually read either?  If you claim some knowledge of what Darwin wrote and have not actually read the works that you cite, then you are a liar or a dupe.  Are you saying that you are wrong? No...far be it for you to address the argument now you are about to go for the ad hominem.  I have read Darwin and I don't come to the conclusions that you do. I don't even understand what points you are trying to make. What you are saying has little relationship to the points that Darwin was trying to make.   Good for you, once again you offer not an iota of evidence.  I have, I've offered several quotes that refute the opinion you give.  Yours is still an opinion. That you are now launching a personal attack on my ability to understand English reminds me of my good old friends from a few months ago.  But yours is still an opinion. And, it's now laid out in black and white for eveyrone else to see.  Where do you believe opinion equals facts?
It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?
And the question is whether you have read the books that you quote. In order to understand the quotes, you have to understand the context.  You can't answer, can you?  I didn't know you were a Gnostic. So, when I post the passages from the on-line book that refute the false statement you make, I'm now to have a 'special insight' into the text so when it reads "Survival of the Fittest" it means something else. That's probably the most original argument I've ever seen; to understand a subtleness that's not apparent in first reading it.  Your understanding... That: When Darwin uses the term "Survival of the Fittest" it means that he didn't, err. well, he did, but not the way you think he did. Sure, he talked about species competing but we don't mean to understand it like that. It's a meaning that I don't need to elaborate on here, because you can't understand it. And, you never will. Proof that I, Ungerdunn is clever!  Also, the question was whether he used the words. He did. You are wrong. End of story (one would think). I have a copy of the book in Penguin Classics which I bought way back in 1986 when I did pre-history at university. The fact that one can now go to a on-line web-site to read what he said, in no way diminishes the point that you made a statement without proof and you are wrong. I provided several postings that agree with what I said. I use proof. You don't. Oddly enough you then try every thing under the sun to detract from this fact. You know I've studied it, because I mentioned it earlier when you used to post under another alias. You're even trying the same smoke and mirrors arguments as before.  Your opinion = fact. emoticon_xbye  The odd thing is you have no sense of embarrassment (you never have)
It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?  Do you think he's wrong when he stated that Darwin never used the term "Survival of the Fittest?"
It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?  Do you think he's wrong when he stated that Darwin never used the term "Survival of the Fittest?"  Why do you too resort to the ad hominem? (that is the intent; you completely ignore his statement which is incorrect. Let's ignore his opinion stated as fact which was wrong, and determine to try to character attack the guy who caught him out).  This same poster, posting under a different alias has asked me the same question before (which I didn't answer), yet felt quite inclined to criticse the Orthodox Church. I used his own argument on him, to show how hypocritical he is, because he's not read any of the ecumenical councils, or the Holy Fathers etc.), yet feels perfectly inclined to, as I say, attack the Orthodox Church.  As pointed out then, rules of engagement should be universally applied, and also as I pointed out back then, there is a disgusting lack of bravery on the part of your camp that doesn't also seek to apply these rules universally. As you do now, you come in and attempt to point score, rather than debate. I will watch out in future to see how readily you allow such blatant mistakes from your own camp slip by. It tells a lot about the level of honesty you bring to debate.
Well, we can safely conclude that Monty hasn't read any of Darwin's works. That certainly explains his misunderstanding of Darwin and Darwinism.  If I had said that, I would have been wrong. But the fact is that I didn't say that. You seem to have a problem in undertanding (sic) English. Let me help. Here is what I said:  blah blah.   My quotes showed that Spencer coined it, Darwin was then persuaded to use it. No problemo there.  I acknowledge this in POST 114 The phrase 'survival of the fittest' was not even Darwin's. It was urged on him by Wallace, the codiscoverer of natural selection, who hated 'natural selection' because he thought it implied that something was doing the selecting. Darwin coined the term 'natural selection' because had made an analogy with 'artificial selection' as done by breeders, an analogy Wallace hadn't made when he developed his version of the theory. The phrase 'survival of the fittest' was originally due to Herbert Spencer some years before the Origin http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/tautology.html That is, it doesn't argue that he didn't use it, just that he didn't 'coin' it.  You also ignore "Darwin used the term "natural selection" in his book "On the Origin of Species" but was persuaded that Spencer's phrase "survival of the fittest" was probably 'more convenient' " http://www.perceptions.couk.com/genes1.html#rst  "This preservation of favourable individual differences and variations, and the destruction of those which are injurious, I have called Natural Selection, or the Survival of the Fittest." http://www.infidels.org/library/his...s/Chapter4.html  Natural Selection OR Survival of the Fittest is the phrase (emphasis my own). That is, they are synonymous; you argue that they are always used in conjunction with each other. Using one OR the other, they are mutually interchangeable. 'OR' is used in this case to indicate a synonymous or equivalent expression. He says he calls it one, or the other.  You have already agreed that "Survival of the Fittest" is a tautology. So, in fact you are now saying that Darwin was persuaded by Wallace to use a meaningless term in place of his term 'Natural Selection'. And as they are interchangeable, then as one is meaningless, so is the other. It is akin to saying Wallace persuaded Darwin to use a tautology that was a better way of describing his idea.  That you say he used one tautology in connection with a meaningless term helps your case how?  They are recognised as synonymous by talkorigins...when they rebut the claim that "Natural selection, or "survival of the fittest," is tautologous (uses circular reasoning) because it says that the fittest individuals leave the most offspring, but it defines the fittest individuals as those that leave the most offspring." http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA500.html  They then argue that Darwin never used the term, at all!  Further, how has your argument contested that "Survival of the Fittest" is not 'at the heart of Darwinism', when he was persuaded to use it, as a better descriptor of his own term 'Natural Selection'?  As to my rebuttal to the Barbarian it is because he was starting on the same ad hominem as you have. Will you reveal your true identity Ungerdunn?
Barbarian Asks: It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?   Do you think he's wrong when he stated that Darwin never used the term "Survival of the Fittest?"  My copy says something about the "survival of the fit", not "fittest." It's a later edition.  Why do you too resort to the ad hominem? (that is the intent; you completely ignore his statement which is incorrect. Let's ignore his opinion stated as fact which was wrong, and determine to try to character attack the guy who caught him out).  What's ad hom about asking you if you actually read the two books? It could clear up the reason for your disagreement.  This same poster, posting under a different alias has asked me the same question before (which I didn't answer), yet felt quite inclined to criticse the Orthodox Church. I used his own argument on him, to show how hypocritical he is, because he's not read any of the ecumenical councils, or the Holy Fathers etc.), yet feels perfectly inclined to, as I say, attack the Orthodox Church.  Do you think such behavior is always "hypocritical?"  As pointed out then, rules of engagement should be universally applied, and also as I pointed out back then, there is a disgusting lack of bravery on the part of your camp that doesn't also seek to apply these rules universally.  Do you?  As you do now, you come in and attempt to point score, rather than debate.  It was a fair question, and deserved an answer, no less than your question to a critic as to whether or not he had actually read the material he was criticizing.  I will watch out in future to see how readily you allow such blatant mistakes from your own camp slip by. It tells a lot about the level of honesty you bring to debate.  I'm still curious. Have you read these books?
To Ursus maritimus: I agree that the data and observations in the present may be applied to the past. You interestingly bring up the Global Flood of Noah's day. You would be incorrect by stating that we do not see the effects that we would expect to see if there was a global flood. If there was a flood, we would expect to see millions of creatures to be burried in sedimentary rock all around the world, would we not? And do you know what? That is what we observe!! We would also expect to see high mountains and that the Earth is mainly covered by water (70%). Uluru and many Australian features also provides very strong evidence that many of Australia's landforms formed quickly a short time ago. The evolutionists believe that these landforms formed over eons of years by gradual processes. These Australian landforms easily discard these ideas. There are many evidences that point to both a young universe and a young Earth. You also point out that creation scientists didn't find anything to support the idea of a Global Flood, to whom are you refering to when you say this? Answers in Genesis has many evidences that point to a Global Flood and a young Earth. Isn't that kind of weird?  To go along with that...I just dont understand how evolutionsists can keep saying that fossils are the result of slow burial. I cant believe that organisms remained in tact and kept such minute detail, as is observed today in many fossils, if they sat there and waited to be buried over a period of years. In order for there to be such good detail a fast burial had to have taken place. This of course is quite possible from a worldwide flood.  Also to go along with evidence for a worldwide flood is the fact that there have been dinosaur fossils and other land animals found in close proximity with sea creatures. For example there was a crab found fossilized next to a dinousaur skeleton. This is good evidence for a worldwide flood.
Yes, I have tried that myself. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to work very well. Every time I present evidence for transitional fossils I the response I get is a list of "quotes" from famous scientists allegedly stating that these fossils don't exist. I just present evidence, and the reader can click on the link, but then they just state that they don't exist. Or they go off on some tangent that doesn't actually dispute the evidence that I presented. Or they just state the the web sites to which I linked are lying. When I reference actual, scientific literature (which I have done on ocassion), then I get accusations of a world-wide scientific conspiracy.  So, when I am in a hurry, I just post my assertians. If called on it, I would gladly do a google search. If pressed, I actually would go to the science library here and look up the relevant literature. What disturbs me is that I am rarely pressed to do any of this. It would appear that creationists really think that one can get away with making baseless assertian -- that it is unnecessary to present evidence because the evidence can fit any theory, so all theories are equally justified scientifically!  I took a look at some of the "intermediate forms" you presented. But my conclusion is that the reason there are such similarities among different species is because they all have the same Creator. God doesn't change. He is the same yesterday today and forever. He created some species and "saw that it was good" (as the Bible says) and decided "hey this works I should try a similar design in these creatures too!" I think that is something that everyone can relate to. It makes sense to try something over and over again if it seems to get the job done.
I took a look at some of the "intermediate forms" you presented. But my conclusion is that the reason there are such similarities among different species is because they all have the same Creator. God doesn't change. He is the same yesterday today and forever. He created some species and "saw that it was good" (as the Bible says) and decided "hey this works I should try a similar design in these creatures too!" I think that is something that everyone can relate to. It makes sense to try something over and over again if it seems to get the job done.  Most Christians think it's a blasphemy to attribute imperfection to God. What makes you think He had to tinker to get it right?  The problem with common design is that it is completely unable to explain the difference between homologous and analogous structures. That being so, it's not going to be accepted by scientists, or by most Christians.
Bait switch  blah blah.   A short post to put an end to your interjections...(I would hope)  You are correct. I was wrong to say you said he'd 'never' used the term. You certainly seem embarrassed that he did, thus bringing into the frame the facts a) he didn't coin the phrase b) he was convinced reluctantly only by others. Whilst these are true, the emphasis seems to be rather apologetic. Darwin decided, of his own free will, to use a term you aptly describe as a tautology. That he would 'switch' to using a tautology you see as not being significant. You're pointing out that someone else came up with the term, or that he didn't use it for 'x' years is irrelevant by the simple fact that even after 'x' years, he decided to change, because he felt it was a better term.*  I will also state I have read neither book. I studied pre-history with reference to the books, but our subject dealt more with evolutionary theory as then current (mid-1980's). But I don't see why you place so much emphasis on whether I've read them, as we're dealing with the phrasing, which we both agree is a tautology.  It also doesn't detract from the sad logical bind you're in. You say one term is a tautology. But they are synonymous, as you say, they are always used in conjunction with each other, and the fact Darwin joins them together, making them interchangeable. My quote showed Wallace convince him that the phrase "Survival of the Fittest" was a better way of putting down the idea of "Natural Selection".  By saying one is a tautology, you are saying both are tautologies.  Secondly, clearly Darwin thought that "Survival of the Fittest" was a better way of explaining his idea. His idea, the heart of Darwinism didn't change, only the term used to explain it. Thus, "Survival of the Fittest" is at the heart of Darwin. Even if he only changed it on his death-bed, the very fact he did was because he himself thought it was a better way of explaining his idea.  But still you want to go on about whether or not I've read the book. You have claimed that you have a special gnosis about the work, assuming you've read it also. You've not attempted to elaborate on your interpretation of it, only wishing to point score on a personal level.  *Your argument would only work if he recanted and stopped using the term
It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?   I have now answered 'the question'. Though I still don't see why you'd want to know.  My copy says something about the "survival of the fit", not "fittest." It's a later edition.  Matters not. Darwin thought that this tautology was in fact a better term than Natural Selection.  What's ad hom about asking you if you actually read the two books? It could clear up the reason for your disagreement.  Actually, this is flawed logic as we're dealing with whether he used the terms in conjunction with one another.  Besides, I studied the Crusades, doesn't mean that I read Alexiad by Anna Comnena. I have read secondary sources. As for pre-history, I've read Poirier, F E, "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology", which was our textbook. Does this now mean that you will suddenly believe what I say about evolution? I think not. I've posted heaps of studies on the knowledge bias of scientists (conducted by researchers) and not yet, aside from Ursus have I read any real concession to this fact... despite the studies that go into this... which to me proves the point, people only accept the evidence they're prepared to accept (a tautology; but since you guys can worship Darwin for doing so, I'll apply the same rules of argument). emoticon_frazzled
I will concede that humans are flawed and their biases will creep into to anything they do no matter how hard they try. If they try really hard to eliminate bias they will overcompensate. This however does nothing to support your arrogant stance so we ignore the points you make because they don't support your stance. Some people are dishonest so by your logic I should not do business with anyone.  I don't know how you came to the conclusion in the last sentence, however, I thank you for your candor.  I have no problem with science per se, as I have repeated so often I would have thought that you'd get sick and tired of hearing me say it. The problem however is when people weigh up bias-filled science with absolute truth of God.
You say one term is a tautology.   Yes it is. But apparently you don't understand what that is or why that is. Perhaps you wouldn't make the horrible mistake in common sense that follows if you understood what it is.  A tautology is a meaningless phrase... Logic. An empty or vacuous statement composed of simpler statements in a fashion that makes it logically true whether the simpler statements are factually true or false; for example, the statement Either it will rain tomorrow or it will not rain tomorrow.  We have both agreed on this. Get over it.  But they are synonymous, as you say, they are always used in conjunction with each other, and the fact Darwin joins them together, making them interchangeable.  Most recently you said... But they aren't synonyms. They aren't always used in conjunction. I pointed out to you that evolutionary biologists don't use the phrase. You are easily confused. Darwin used the phrase because it had come into common use, but he always linked it to his term, natural selection which he explained in great detail. It is clear that natural selection isn't a tautology. But you wouldn't know that since you don't understand natural selection.  But earlier you said... Post 113  Darwin objected to the phrase applied to his theories from the first day he heard it. It became popular and Darwin was finally persuaded to use it by Wallace, the co-discoverer of the theory of natural selection. Darwin used it in the 4th edition of "Origins," ALWAYS either preceded or followed by a reference to natural selection. "Survival of the fittest" is a tautology. Fitness is determined by survival and those that survive are the fittest.  You said that "Survival of the Fittest" is always (your emphasis) used in conjunction with "Natural Selection" you even berated me when I made the mistake of saying that you didn't. Then you berate me for not saying "I'm sorry" when I realised my mistake. Now, after spending some time saying one thing, you say they aren't always used in conjunction?  You also enter an irrelevance about that modern evolutionary biologists don't use the term; this is because it's a tautology. Then not only do you say they aren't always used in conjunction but that he always linked it to his term. This is a new understanding of English. So, you argue now that he never used them in 'conjunction' but he always 'linked' them.   My quote showed Wallace convince him that the phrase "Survival of the Fittest" was a better way of putting down the idea of "Natural Selection".  Funny that you didn't quote Darwin. Funny that you didn't read the quote that I gave you where Darwin wrote to Wallace about his decision. But not having read any of Darwin, you can be expected to misunderstand when your only information comes from footnotes on internet web sites. By saying one is a tautology, you are saying both are tautologies.   No I'm not. I am saying that "survival of the fittest" is a poor description of Darwin's theory of natural selection specifically because it is a tautology. It confuses the issue.  You said it was a tautology Post 113  "Survival of the fittest" is a tautology. Fitness is determined by survival and those that survive are the fittest.   We have agreed to this, but still you beat around the bush by trying to use other phrases now, like 'not a good describer'. As I said, we agree it's a tautology. Get over it.   Secondly, clearly Darwin thought that "Survival of the Fittest" was a better way of explaining his idea.   You are making things up. Darwin didn't think it was a better way of explaining anything precisely because it doesn't explain anything. It was a simple phrase in common use among non-scientists. If Darwin thought that it was better, they he wouldn't have gone to such lengths to explain natural selection and to explain why he was linking the common term.   I repeat....from the 1859 edition... "Darwin used the term "natural selection" in his book "On the Origin of Species" but was persuaded that Spencer's phrase "survival of the fittest" was probably 'more convenient' " http://www.perceptions.couk.com/genes1.html#rst Further "Darwin did not believe that the environment was producing the variation within the finch populations. He correctly thought that the variation already existed and that nature just selected for the most suitable beak shape and against less useful ones. Darwin and his supporters ultimately described this process as the "survival of the fittest." This is very different from Lamarck's incorrect idea that the environment altered the shape of individuals and that these acquired changes were then inherited." http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_2.htm What do you think 'more convenient' means here? It is clear Darwin wanted to use it, because it was a better way of explaining things.  I give you a new quote... "Darwin himself was uneasy with the term (natural selection). In the sixth and last edition of the Origin, he says that survival of the fittest is a "more accurate" expression of what he had previously called natural selection." http://www.trufax.org/avoid/nazi.html  His idea, the heart of Darwinism didn't change, only the term used to explain it. Thus 'survival of the fittest' IS at the heart of Darwinism.  Again, the phrase "survival of the fittest" doesn't explain anything. In fact, it is quite misleading when one considers what Darwin's theory actually is. But you wouldn't know that since you didn't even bother to learn what Darwin actually said.  Thus, "Survival of the Fittest" is at the heart of Darwin. Even if he only changed it on his death-bed, the very fact he did was because he himself thought it was a better way of explaining his idea.   He didn't change it. You are misrepresenting the truth again. He added a less desirable phrase because it was in popular use. He always either explained natural selection or specifically mentioned natural selection to make sure that it was understood. Darwin never thought the phrase was better. He only used it in order to avoid confusion.   He always linked them, according to you. The fact he termed it 'Natural Selection OR Survival of the Fittest' shows that they are synonymous.  But still you want to go on about whether or not I've read the book.   Yes. You misrepresented what Darwin thought. You represented your words as indicative of the meaning of Darwinism, and yet you never read what he said. You made yourself an authority on a topic with which you were not familiar.   Well, I said I made a mistake. You don't want to let it go, and then you are so eager to defend his tautology, you now say that you never said that they were always used in 'conjunction, but that they were always 'linked'.  Also, if you want to present a case for what you believe Darwin has said, then just saying "You don't understand the book" doesn't equate to an argument. Try factoring in some of his work into you argument or it amounts to mere opinion. If your purpose is to 'educate' the masses, this is what you would do, otherwise your purpose is to enter these debates and opinionates against anyone who offers alternative views from your own (mine are backed with quotes).   You have claimed that you have a special gnosis about the work, assuming you've read it also. You've not attempted to elaborate on your interpretation of it, only wishing to point score on a personal level.   I didn't claim any special knowledge. Why do you insist on inventing things. It makes you look dishonest. And I did elaborate. I thought I gave a pretty good summary of Darwinism. Oh well. I didn't think you would understand and I was correct .  You are claiming a special knowledge that only you reading the whole book can give you an insight into why Darwin decided to switch from the term "Natural Selection" to that of "Survival of the Fittest".  *Your argument would only work if he recanted and stopped using the term   That's not logical. Your argument would only work if Darwin had stopped using the term 'natural selection'. He didn't "switch" terms.   You are trying an apology for Darwin. By saying that it wasn't even his idea, or that he was persuaded only after it entered into popular culture. Then you say that he always used them in conjunction, then he didn't, but he always 'linked' them. The ideas are linked, used in conjunction or whatever, BY DARWIN. He made the decision because he thought it was a better way of getting across his idea. My source also agrees with this. So far you conjecture something illogical based on your embarrassment that he'd ever use the term in the first place. He says quite clearly "This preservation of favourable individual differences and variations, and the destruction of those which are injurious, I have called Natural Selection, or the Survival of the Fittest." http://www.infidels.org/library/his...s/Chapter4.html He's admitting it he says "I have called it...", he's saying I call it 'one thing' OR 'the other'. He is making the link himself.  In fact, he states it's a better term "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient." from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species" http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html  Everyone I've quoted, including Darwin himself, recognises that the use of the term 'Survival of the Fittest" supplanted his former term "Natural Selection". It didn't replace the 'idea', just the terminology. He thought that a tautology was a better way of explaining his idea.  You claim you have a special insight into what Darwin really means that is greater than mine. I have yet to see how you construct your idea, other then you just supposing that I am wrong. You fight fact with opinion. You also try to discredit me on the basis whether I've read the book, not whether I've studied the terminologies.  Here ends the first part of the argument. Now begins another...  And I also pointed out that in trying to link Darwinism with Hitler you were mistaken. Hitler misapplied social Darwinism. The only connection between Darwin and social Darwinism is that his name was incorrectly applied to the social theory. Social Darwinism was the brain child of Herbert Spencer, who coined the phrase "survival of the fittest" that was misapplied by the common people to Darwin's theory of natural selection.   But Darwin used the term "Survival of the Fittest", he also wrote about competing species, including lesser humans; which the Germans use the word Untermensch for; literally sub-human - a term they employed when describing the Jews and other undesirable races.  I made it clear that Darwin did not advocate genocide.  However, the whole idea of whether it's been applied, or misapplied is not based on science, but on your philosophy. For a Nazi, doing experiments on people resulted in their idea that the people they were experimenting on were less than human. The 'science' is amoral. It is the people who apply it that are moral, and make moral decisions, and these decisions affect what type of science they will apply and how they use it, and how it gives them results. emoticon_ic
Barbarian asks: It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?   I have now answered 'the question'. Though I still don't see why you'd want to know.  If you are arguing what he meant in the books, it would be good to have read them.  Barbarian observes: My copy says something about the "survival of the fit", not "fittest." It's a later edition.   Matters not. Darwin thought that this tautology was in fact a better term than Natural Selection.  It's odd then, that he used "natural selection" to describe the theory. Natural selection is much more than "survival of the fittest", and in fact, sometimes leads to survival of the unfit. Do you know the essential parts of natural selection?   Barbarian asks: What's ad hom about asking you if you actually read the two books? It could clear up the reason for your disagreement.   Actually, this is flawed logic as we're dealing with whether he used the terms in conjunction with one another.  It would seem that knowing what he wrote about them would be useful. And the best source for what he wrote would be the books themselves.  Besides, I studied the Crusades, doesn't mean that I read Alexiad by Anna Comnena. I have read secondary sources.   But if the subject was what Comnena thought about it, you'd want to read the primary source.  As for pre-history, I've read Poirier, F E, "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology", which was our textbook. Does this now mean that you will suddenly believe what I say about evolution?   It means you probably know what Poiner thought about it. And I would then take your opinion with more confidence than if you hadn't read him.   but since you guys can worship Darwin for doing so  You really believe that? I don't think that sort of thing is good for you or for the discussion.
Barbarian asks: It's a good question. Have you actually read either book?   If you are arguing what he meant in the books, it would be good to have read them.  Barbarian observes: My copy says something about the "survival of the fit", not "fittest." It's a later edition.   It's odd then, that he used "natural selection" to describe the theory. Natural selection is much more than "survival of the fittest", and in fact, sometimes leads to survival of the unfit. Do you know the essential parts of natural selection?  It would seem that knowing what he wrote about them would be useful. And the best source for what he wrote would be the books themselves.  But if the subject was what Comnena thought about it, you'd want to read the primary source.  It means you probably know what Poiner thought about it. And I would then take your opinion with more confidence than if you hadn't read him.   You really believe that? I don't think that sort of thing is good for you or for the discussion.  I would suggest that you read the other posts before posting yours as you'd not need to go over the same ground I've already covered, such as; clearly Darwin says... "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient." from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species" http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-03.html  This refutes Undergunn's assertion, and supports mine; that Darwin used this term to replace/supplant Natural Selection; which is the heart of his idea; because he thought it was a much better way of saying what he thought.   Also, I quoted from the Alexiad in essays; I have a copy of it, too. We have here a definition problem. When I say I never read it, or Darwin's "Origin of the Species" I say so, because in my opinion I haven't, because I haven't read them all the way through. This doesn't mean that I am unaware of them or that I've never read any of them (I mentioned much earlier that I have a copy of Species, and that I studied it at university (or rather; evolution).* It seemed a rather pointless exercise of you two to discredit me, when I have posted the relevant parts of Darwin's words to back my claim, whereas you two haven't. For the past several days both of you have posted opinion. If you truly believe what you believe, then why not show me the proofs that back your assumptions (because that's what they are, without other references).  This is also part of my critique with regards to styles of posts. I've been subjected to much attack, based for the most part on unsubstansiated work (that is; opinion).  The other poster in this sub-debate claims one thing, based on his reading (I assume of the entire book), and he is weighing this up against me, having not read the entire book. He is wrong. Darwin, as shown above says that it is a better term than Natural Selection, it is thus at the heart of Darwinism, as I stated.  Anyone entering this debate, having never read the book  *I'm sure the next thing you'll want to know is have I read 48.9% or 22.12% or whatever of Origin of the Species, some gague to establish in your mind something that is still beyond my understanding. (I note to you don't say whether you have) I read all of 'The Prince' but the last two pages, but would still not count that I have read 'The Prince'.  I would still like to be able to understand why you need to know this when it has nothing to do with what Darwin says. I see it as nothing more than an attempt at ad hominem.  PS, the writer I cited is not Poiner.
Shoes are worthless. They are used to kick people. This is not my opinion it is a fact because I have a link.  http://www.afn.org/~ejw/altoids/altpics/pics3.htm You posted no links when you said my comments about shoe was silly so this was just an attack. Oh and by the way by playing silly word games, ignoring large sections of what people say, and pretending everyone has exactly the same definitions as me I have proved you are an overripe pumpkin. It is certainly true that vegetables have never said something that is true so your arguments are false.  This is not my opinion here is a link of a pumpkin. It clearly is a pumpkin and that is clearly enough to prove all my claims.  http://www.isabelleprovence.com/kitchen.htm  You used an analogy about shoes. I used an analogy about shoes. You weren't trying to argue that shoes are evil. You were suggesting that I was saying that science was evil, and as an extension shoes are evil... unless you really do feel that they are.  You seem a very very angry man. If you actually stated that shoes are evil as a belief, then I am sorry that I haven't given you the due concern in replying. If not, you are still not about arguing facts, but trying to point score. Which is it?  Are you denying that I have posted no links that back up my claims? emoticon_xbye   Perhaps if only you can come back once you construct an argument using reason, not re-working and falsifying conversations.
No I am not denying it, I am agreeing. I begining to become certain you only like word games and are not remotely interested in discussing anything.  You have posted no links to back your claims. People ask you very specific questions and you don't answer them you repeat a previous statement and then provide a link supporting that previous statement. You repeat yourself again and again and state how tired you are of repeating simple concept to us dummies. As for me being angry I am actually getting used to your refusal to answer questions and your arrogant attitude.  Very strange your lack of insight. You post no links when you argued earlier, and when I pointed this out you make the illogic that every single thing state requires posts. This is my opinion. As is your 'opinion' about me not answering questions. Boo hoo. What a whinger!  What you don't recognise is that when you argued earlier, and posted nothing but your own opinion, that it is in fact, nothing but your own opinion.  I do feel sorry for you. Your anger, your venom is helping you in no way.  You've not even addressed the "Survival of the Fittest" claims at all, simply waffling on about how I twist people's words. The fact I have quoted Darwin's words seems to have slipped you by in your petty attempt to whinge. The fact I've quoted your words back at you when you say something about Nazi science, then go back on this is still upsetting you. I can see that. It's time for you to move on.  I am quite happy to opinionate back at you. You were the one who started it, not the other way round, as I pointed out, you've gone post after post after post without anything to back up your angry outburts; including threatening to have me blocked. I look forward again to your next fact-less post.
Getting back to the topic at hand... Science can suggest where we come from, but how reliable is it? It is said to rely on evidences, but in fact these can't really come to any conclusion...  ?What is meant by scientific evidences and scientific proof? In truth, science can never establish "truth" or "fact" in the sense that a scientific statement can be made that is formally beyond question. All scientific statements and concepts are open to revaluation as new data is acquired and novel technologies emerge. "Proof", then, is solely the realm of logic and mathematics.? http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/sciproof.html  Even in describing what it can, science, hampered by the limitations of foibled humans can put things in language which itself is imperfect... . "Narrative conventions form part of scientific description. These are forms of words that are typical of a particular thought process. Haraway (1989) uses the tools of literary theory to demonstrate how hypotheses in primatology and evolutionary theory depend on narrative conventions (for example, casting the transition from ape to hominid as a heroic drama) and tropes (for example, casting primates as mirrors of human nature)." http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/f...m-epistemology/  Yet people will use this science with a certainty that it doesn't deserve, when faced with the only truth; God.
Is it just me or does montalban act as though the arguments and links she/he provides show that it is unreasonable to conclude that there is not a God AND God's truth totally contradicts evolution AND we are silly for not seeing it? I have chucked a big wobbly on behalf of everyone and we can now move on.  Hey, why don't you bring together an argument and tie it in with facts?  Why don't you address an issue, such as that of Darwin using "Natural Selection", and then thinking that a tautology was better terminology.  No, that would be too hard, yes, just insist that we live at the level of trading opinions.  I will trade them with you as you do, and I will call it 'reasoned argument' as you believe it is. emoticon_smile  Reminds me of the Monty Python 'Argument skit'  M: Oh look, this isn't an argument. A: Yes it is. M: No it isn't. It's just contradiction. A: No it isn't. M: It is! A: It is not. M: Look, you just contradicted me. A: I did not. M: Oh you did!! A: No, no, no. M: You did just then. A: Nonsense! M: Oh, this is futile! A: No it isn't. M: I came here for a good argument. A: No you didn't; no, you came here for an argument. M: An argument isn't just contradiction. A: It can be. M: No it can't. An argument is a connected series of statements intended to establish a proposition. A: No it isn't. M: Yes it is! It's not just contradiction. A: Look, if I argue with you, I must take up a contrary position.  M: Yes, but that's not just saying 'No it isn't.' A: Yes it is! M: No it isn't! M: Argument is an intellectual process. Contradiction is just the automatic gainsaying of any statement the other person makes.  (short pause) A: No it isn't.
Richard Dawkins treats the creation of life from a primordial soup as a fact as certain as the engineering knowledge used to produce aircraft. I accept the primordial ooze concept as the most likely (and cool) explanation and I would be very suprised if someone proved it false.  It is standard for people to argue with solid conviction but I don't think scientists should. I know "where do we come from" is to broad a question and should be broken up into many small steps that each can be tested by observation and experiment. However the common perception among laymen is that science thinks it can explain everything perfectly with the " big bang to primordial ooze to man" theory.  Oddly enough, I thought that those proposing the primordial ooze case would have to come up with the proofs/evidences. Obviously this is not the case as it is the disbelievers who must prove those making an assumption to be incorrect.  If people like Dawkins did not present everything as solidly as a defence lawyer or a politician I think this misperception would be diminished.  Darwin used as his prime defence, a tautology. That he was actually convinced to use it, as a better means of describing his 'case' (continuing the analogy begun here by Close_slave_can), then it shows that some people will go to great lengths to believe in anything not Biblical.
I am glad we have an opportunity to continue the debate. I for one have learnt a lot more, for it.*  I did not get into the tautology debate.   Not true (as far as I recall) I said that "Survival of the Fittest" was the centre of Darwinism, and Ungerdunn and I went hammer and tongs for a while before I showed that even Darwin used this term as a better example. I am amazed you've been quiet on this... seeing as you said that Darwin made such a great case (see post I quoted in my last outing, #157).  It is an important issue for you and I, seeing as you place so much faith in Darwin, and I so little in him.  I assumed your basic message is that after considering things like Nazi atrocities the only conclusion is that there is a God that has a perfect truth that contradicts evolution. I attempted to express my doubts and then you told me about tautologies and Nazi experiments.  No, I believe that science is value-ridden and ultimately flawed. And, though it produces nice things such as digital watches, and stops apples from falling upwards, ultimately does not bring us closer to God. I'm surprised you've not gone for the obvious criticism that just because I believe one thing about science, doesn't mean that God necessarily exists. I understand that there's no link between the two positions, at least from what I've stated here on these posts. However I am not here, necessarily to convince people of the truth of God. I am here to convince people that their faith in science arranged against faith in God is not so steady; it is an oft repeated (mantra) that science and evolution is 'reason' and creation therefore must be 'unreasonable'. In fact science can't really prove anything. (On another forum I faced people who derided the Bible based on their belief that the only truths, (regardless of your definition) could only be discernable through science.  And besides, attack is the best defence   I flatly admit I still do not understand how your points support what I think is your basic message. If your message just that humans and consequently human science cannot perfectly answer all questions then Nazi scientists are not entirely irrelevant but I still don't see how they are the best of examples. I honestly have trouble distinguishing your statements about Nazis using the word evolution and someone saying "Nazis tried to make the trains run on time so we should not bother making the trains run on time".  From my understanding, you argue that science is of itself value neutral. That being so, then the Nazis using evolution is in fact showing science study without the constraints of Judeo-Christian morals - that is, they were freed to pursue human experiments. Any derision we have for the Nazis is based on our own philosophy. You should have no problem then with them using science to test on unwilling humans, because it is all in the name of science; and who knows might benefit us as a species. Any objections you have towards these experiments is based on philosophy, not science. That is principally why the sites we discussed called it 'bad science'.  (I would argue that the Nazis weren't value-neutral, either. Just as we have Judeo-Christian philosophical constraints preventing the science that they conducted, they have Nazi ideology urging them on).  * Though of course I believe I'm right  :p
Barbarian earlier, to Montalban: It's odd then, that he used "natural selection" to describe the theory. Natural selection is much more than "survival of the fittest", and in fact, sometimes leads to survival of the unfit. Do you know the essential parts of natural selection?   You never answered this. Darwin preferred to call his theory "natural selection", because he first became aware of the role of selection in breeding animals. While "survival of the fittest" does describe the outcome more accurately than "natural selection", it does not explain why natural selection does so.  I'm wondering if you know the essential parts of Darwin's theory of Natural selection. If you did not, it might make your post more understandable. Do you know how it works?
Barbarian earlier, to Montalban: It's odd then, that he used "natural selection" to describe the theory. Natural selection is much more than "survival of the fittest", and in fact, sometimes leads to survival of the unfit. Do you know the essential parts of natural selection?   You never answered this. Darwin preferred to call his theory "natural selection", because he first became aware of the role of selection in breeding animals.  Which is not 'natural selection' but artificial selection. From memory, he only gave examples of 'artifical selection' to explain 'natural selection'. He was then convinced by Wallace that "Survival of the Fittest" was a better use of words... (see below)  Survival of the Fittest, can include, the 'unfit' Post 126 Ungerdunn... On our theory the continued existence of lowly organisms offers no difficulty; for natural selection, or the survival of the fittest, does not necessarily include progressive development- it only takes advantage of such variations as arise and are beneficial to each creature under its complex relations of life.  While "survival of the fittest" does describe the outcome more accurately than "natural selection", it does not explain why natural selection does so.  I'm wondering if you know the essential parts of Darwin's theory of Natural selection. If you did not, it might make your post more understandable. Do you know how it works?  I was wondering why you don't read my previous posts, not just the one's addressed to you.  Darwin says... "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient." from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species" http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-03.html  He says it here, he is saying Spencer's term is a better term than Natural Selection.
Interesting. Montalban sent me an PM to claim victory in his nonsense about "survival of the fittest" as the heart of Darwinism. He claims knowledge without having read anything by Darwin and without understanding the theory of natural selection. And yet he pathetically states that he has won. And that after he had shifted the goal posts a couple of times until he now thinks the discussion was about whether the two phrases, "survival of the fittest" and "natural selection", are the same.  I made no claim that I've read nothing by Darwin. This is your false terminology.  Interesting that you make absolutely no concession to the fact you were wrong about Darwin using one term (Survival of the Fittest) in preference to the other (Natural Selection).  I have admitted when I have made mistakes. You obviously can't.  You said earlier... and Post 143 You are making things up. Darwin didn't think it was a better way of explaining anything precisely because it doesn't explain anything. It was a simple phrase in common use amoung (sic) non-scientists. If Darwin thought that it was better, they he wouldn't have gone to such lengths to explain natural selection and to explain why he was linking the common term.  He didn't change it. You are misrepresenting the truth again. He added a less desirable phrase because it was in popular use. He always either explained natural selection or specifically mentioned natural selection to make sure that it was understood. Darwin never thought the phrase was better. He only used it in order to avoid confusion.  Darwin says... "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient." from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species" http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-03.html  So, in order to 'avoid confusion', he used a tautology! Brilliant defence!  You have implied you have read Darwin's work, but you missed that! Further, you've missed it again when I pointed it out. Further, not only that, but you still want to go for the ad hominem about my level of reading. Just ignoring what Darwin says does not, as far as I can see, help your case.  Tell me then what you believe he means when he says he's decided to use this tautology because it is more accurate ?  It seems that he is bailing out of the discussion because of some questions that Barbarian asked and because I asked him to show specifically how the phrase "natural selection" is a tautology. You see, he can't. It is quite clear that he doesn't understand why "survival of the fittest" is a tautology even though I explained it to him. He returned with a completely inadequate definition that demonstrated his failure to understand. And then he claims that another phrase, "natural selection" is also a tautology.  My bet is that Monty can't show that "natural selection" is a tautology.[/QUOTE]  I started this line as a bit of humour, because you equate one term with a tautology Post 139  By saying one is a tautology, you are saying both are tautologies.  And so does Mr. Darwin. I'm going by what you two said. I believed you when you said "Survival of the Fittest" is a tautology. Then you equated the two phrases, making them synonymous. The fact Darwin thought a tautology was a better describer of "Natural Selection" is itself something you've not admitted. So we have two phrases, one of which we agree is a tautology, the other is equated with it, or used instead of it. I would hope that this is akin to you admitting it is a tautology, or it's equal. I will say it's not literally a tautology, but it is logically if you define one phrase with another, as you have done.  Post 128 You have already agreed that "Survival of the Fittest" is a tautology. So, in fact you are now saying that Darwin was persuaded by Wallace to use a meaningless term in place of his term 'Natural Selection'. And as they are interchangeable, then as one is meaningless, so is the other. It is akin to saying Wallace persuaded Darwin to use a tautology that was a better way of describing his idea.  That you say he used one tautology in connection with a meaningless term helps your case how?  Post 113  Darwin objected to the phrase applied to his theories from the first day he heard it. It became popular and Darwin was finally persuaded to use it by Wallace, the co-discoverer of the theory of natural selection. Darwin used it in the 4th edition of "Origins," ALWAYS either preceded or followed by a reference to natural selection. "Survival of the fittest" is a tautology. Fitness is determined by survival and those that survive are the fittest.   They are always used in conjunction. Darwin called the chapter "Natural Selection OR Survival of the Fittest" he equates them, you do too. What's your problem? Survival of the Fittest, doesn't even mean survival of the fittest... Post 126 On our theory the continued existence of lowly organisms offers no difficulty; for natural selection, or the survival of the fittest, does not necessarily include progressive development - it only takes advantage of such variations as arise and are beneficial to each creature under its complex relations of life.   But, Barbarian. Obviously Monty doesn't know the esential (sic) parts of Darwin's theory. His purpose is to link Darwin to the genocide of Hitler. But he didn't even know that Darwin didn't coin the phrase "survival of the fittest" until I told him. He was totally unaware that it was coined as a description of Spencer's economic theories and that it was Spencer's theories that were misapplied by Hitler. He had to be told that this was the case.  What an ego you have. You posted under different disguises before, so you either have lost some memory, or you never read anything I wrote before either... What you say is simply false...  Post 41 of "Another mistake?" Post title: "Survival of the Fittest in an historical context" ?Survival of the Fittest? was a term first coined by pioneer sociologist Herbert Spencer http://www2.truman.edu/~rgraber/cultev/spencer.html   Post 9 of "The many faces of science" Herbert Spencer had already coined the phrase ?Survival of the Fittest?. Darwin?s own thought processes were influenced by the growing imperialism around him.   Post 51 of "The Many Faces of Science"  Gormless and Void (hey, wait, that sounds like a law firm). Anyway, Herbert Spencer did come up with the tautology, however, importantly, Darwin adopted it for later editions of his books... so again everyone gets the blame, except for Darwin.   All you needed to do was do a search by author (me, in this case), with the word "Spencer", and you'd have saved yourself the embarrassment of making egotistical claims that are false; remember what I said earlier about you guys mixing up opinion with fact? Obviously you don't think that applies to you.  And when he was babbling about Hitler and Nazi science I asked him about Nazi Christianity. If it is a valid objection to science that Hitler misapplied it for his own ends, then it is also a valid objection to Christianity that Hitler misapplied that. Monty ignored that question because it shows the falicy(sic) of his logic.  Applying Christianity would be false comparison because Christianity has stated moral values, science does not (that I am aware of; perhaps you can list the moral aims of science). Christ's teachings on morality are quite clear. What are science's teachings on morality, so we can compare them as you are doing?  Show me, using science (not philosophy as you do here), how Nazi science was misapplied, and you'll have your case!  At any rate, you just keep sending out those victory claims in PMs every time you find that you can no longer hold your end up in the discussion. If it makes you feel better.  Hey, you just keep posting opinion as fact, you're really undermining you're own cause every time you post!.  PS Private Messages - go look up 'private', did I give you permission to use what I wrote?
Then Darwin was wrong. Next!  I agree. This is why modern scientists don't use it, as even Ungerdunn has pointed out. But he insists on defending a defunct world-view.
how do I reply to this when your definition of science seems to be the same as someone's opinion? There are two possibilities I can see either all the creation theories offered by religion are wrong or all but one of them are wrong. Given this information and ONLY the Galapagos islands I would conclude evolution seems the preferable explanation.  I don't want to put words in your mouth, but when you say 'preferable' it seems you are making an esoteric or philosophical choice. Also, I have used science to dismiss some people's notions of science... such as 'empirical evidences' of feminists. p;  There are problems too with the Finches in the Galapagos Islands. I've seen quite a few pieces of science that each can't even agree how many species of finch there are. So when you might say "Species A" has evolved into "Species A1" and "Species A2", someone else might say "Nope, they're still the same species", thus undermining your idea of evolution.  Also, some studies showed that apparent different species interbreed quite successfully (which goes against the definition of 'species' I was taught)  Now if many observations are made and evolution is the best explanation in the vast majority of cases then evolution seems to be the explanation that agrees with most of the observations. Humanity can do and the convention is that you treat that as the truth. I find this convention a bit annoying at times but flat out dismissing it only convinces people that creationists should not be allowed within 30 feet of a school.   I do not use science to back up my claims to God. When I first joined these posts last year, I was a creationist. But then, the Orthodox teaching on the matter kicked in.   As for the Darwin tautology debate I was scared to read it. Hopefully the claim is not that "survival of the fittest" is a tautology because fittest would be defined as the most likely to survive and consequently Darwin's theory is the useless obviously true statement "the things most likely to survive are the things most likely to survive". Once again the Galapagos islands is relevant here.   He simply showed that he believed "Survival of the Surviviest" to be true. By this he means, what ever survived was the best suited to survive. This of course ignores the realm of 'luck'.  Finally I was taught in religious education that the old testament is not factually true. Are you saying my religious upbringing was inferior to yours?  Despite the invitation, I make no statements about your upbringing. I have stated what the Orthodox Church holds to be true. We are the oldest Christian Church, and have never wavered from the truth (though parts and individuals may have stumbled).
"From time to time, attacks on neo-Darwinism are mounted, usually by persons who either see evolutionary theory as antireligious or who basically misunderstand Darwin's theory. One attack, entitled "Darwin's Mistakes," by Tom Bethell, was published in Harper's magazine. Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory. (The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition.)* That is, evolution is the survival of the fittest. But who are the fittest? Obviously, the individuals who survive. Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival, we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors. This indeed is a tautology. But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness. Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons, in which the breeders' choice was the criterion for fitness. (Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way.) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders. Here too, survival is not the criterion for fitness, productivity is." Robert H Tamarin, (1996) "Principles of Genetics" (5th ed), p571.  Note here, that although they do deal with the 'tautology' claim they aren't so much interested in this but to present an apology; to show it at work; as present the example used of artificial selection! Where in nature does nature produce a cow that would die, unless it was milked twice a day? It doesn't because the cow would die! They simply string words together, that other people 'don't understand', yet by their own example, they show not natural selection, but artifical selection.  Note also they say "Possible to assign criteria..." where does nature do this?  In other words their proof of survival of the fittest not being a tautology comes not from nature, but from creative and intelligent design (in their example, a breeder of birds)
I strongly suggest that you re-edit your post to remove the offensive name-calling.  PS For those others reading this, I apolgise for the bad link. I give you this...   But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate,  and is sometimes equally convenient. We have seen that man by selection can certainly produce great results, and can adapt organic beings to his own uses, through the accumulation of slight but useful variations, given to him by the hand of Nature. http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html
But I didn't defend "survival of the fittest." You did. Modern scientists don't use it because it doesn't adequately describe the modern theory. In fact, it didn't adequately describe Darwin's original theory.  Why do you lack the courage to defend your position, and when shown to be wrong, admit your error. Have you no moral integrity?  Darwin yielded to popular opinion. For some reason, 'survival of the fittest', even though it was strictly an economic theory, became attached to Darwin's theory of natural selection. Spencer read Darwin and saw some application to his own area of expertise. He realized that uneconomical businesses would ultimately fail. Thus, the economically fit would survive.  But that isn't Darwinism or evolutionary theory. How sad that Monty doesn't know that. He wants to link Darwinism to Hitler while he ignores the Hitler-Christianity link. I see both as travesties. Monty defends Hitler's Christianity. How terribly sad.  Monty seems to me to be a neo-Nazi.  Are you going to remove the offensive name-calling from your previous posts?
Ungerdunn, I think your anger is misplaced. You made an appallingly low attack on me with regards to not knowing about Herbert Spencer's coining of the phrase. I pointed this out, as I have done so in private; that you are making mistakes. Instead you see fit to return, make no apology with regard to this false claim and instead go to name-calling and repeating a question you think is embarrassing, but which I've already answered.  I reply to you here, in public because I understand that if I do so in public, you will just make up whatever you wish. Plus, I am here to inform other people, not just you, and they can read this conversation for themselves and make up their own minds...  Yes it is. But apparently you don't understand what that is or why that is. Perhaps you wouldn't make the horrible mistake in common sense that follows if you understood what it is.  Again I think that it is your inability to understand clear English that is a fault. The phrase "survival of the fittest" is a tautology. The phrase "natural selection" is not. Both are intended only as titles for a complex scientific theory. When analyzed, "survival of the fittest" results in a tautology. When analyzed, "natural selection" does not. The theory that each is claimed to represent is not.  Darwin equates them (see quote below). Even you do here, that they are both titles for the same theory.  Please specify what works of Darwin you have read.  Your aggression is unbalancing your line of argument, making you repeat questions that have already been answered. I answered both you and another poster who thought this was a 'winner'. For your reference, post 139 deals with this.  Perhaps you didn't understand the question when it was asked the first time. You do seem to have a problem with English. What is your native language?  Perhaps you want to point out where you said it. If you are genuinely about debate, and education then you will. If not, you are about name-calling and point-scoring.  Interesting that you make absolutely no concession to the fact you were wrong about Darwin using one term (Survival of the Fittest) in preference to the other (Natural Selection).   But he didn't. Darwin preferred his term, natural selection, always. Darwin's term has become the accepted term to the absolute exclusion of 'survival of the fittest.' You keep posting links to internet sites that support your position without ever citing Darwin. I told you where you might find the information and you don't seem to have had the fortitude to read it.  He did. In his sixth edition I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient. We have seen that man by selection can certainly produce great results, and can adapt organic beings to his own uses, through the accumulation of slight but useful variations, given to him by the hand of Nature. http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html  You claim only to have read his first edition. Perhaps if you want to argue about Darwin's change of mind, you need to access a more up-to-date edition.  But more important, the questions about your knowledge of natural selection still go unanswered. Look back to Barbarian's questions. Why didn't you answer? Are you embarressed (sic) by your ignorance? No need. Just ask a question and Barbarian will be pleased to explain. He is quite good at it. Sadly, the scientifically illiterate, such as you, do not more frequently take him up on his constant offers to educate.  You keep on with this ad hominem, but quite clearly Darwin said "Survival of the Fittest" is more accurate.  Isn't it strange that you claim to cite Darwin and you haven't bothered to check out your own sources. "Page cannot be found" doesn't offer a whole lot of support to your position. Nevertheless, your argument seems to rely on "convenience." Amazing. That's what I told you several exchanges ago. You seem to have a problem with basic English.  Another sad little outburst.  You have implied you have read Darwin's work, but you missed that!   Don't be stupid. I read the first edition. I never claimed that I had read all of Darwin's works in all editions. Please name which of Darwin's works you have read and which editions. Please don't ignore this request since you have implied that you have actually read one or more of Darwin's works. If you have not, then you have lied. But I guess that is OK for someone who claims to be a Christian.  Another rant.  : Originally Posted by Monty Further, not only that, but you still want to go for the ad hominem about my level of reading.  That isn't an ad hominem. It is an observation that is supported by you failure to understand what is an ad hominem. You also accused Barbarian of an ad hominem when he asked a question. It seems that you don't know what an ad hominem is. Quote: Originally Posted by montypoos Just ignoring what Darwin says does not, as far as I can see, help your case.  But I haven't ignored Darwin. You see, I have actually read Darwin as well as many other sources on evolutionary biology. You haven't. How is it that you, who admits that you haven't read any relevant texts by Darwin, rely on out of context quotes that you parrot from creationist sites, and still claim superior knowledge. Quote: Originally Posted by montypoos Tell me then what you believe he means when he says he's decided to use this tautology because it is more accurate ?  I already did. Do you have a problem with English? I gave you a quote. Perhaps you weren't paying attention. Quote: Originally Posted by poos Applying Christianity would be false comparison because Christianity has stated moral values, science does not  Way to take the high ground! It doesn't ring true. Hitler attempted to exterminate the Jews because he believed that he was doing his moral duty. Hitler applied the moral values that he understood from his Christian education and murdered millions.  Let me see if I understand what you are saying. You claim that since Hitler attempted to exterminate Jews based on his moral principles that it was OK. If it were based on science (a stupid idea) it would be wrong. Is that the position of Orthodox Christianity? Quote: Originally Posted by poos What are science's teachings on morality, so we can compare them as you are doing?  Only a scientific illiterate would ask about the application of science to morality. There is none. Morality is a consideration outside of the realm of science. Science does not teach morality. That is not to say that science should not be constrained by moral considerations. Morality is basically what is acceptable to society. Quote: Originally Posted by poos Hey, you just keep posting opinion as fact, you're really undermining you're own cause every time you post!.  Actually I didn't. What I did was to challenge you to support your assertions. since you made the assertions, the onus is on you to support them. Sadly, you haven't offered anything that supports your position. You have shown that you have no understanding of evolutionary theory, natural selection, or for that matter, the concept of "survival of the fittest." Quote: Originally Posted by poo PS Private Messages - go look up 'private', did I give you permission to use what I wrote?  Then you are embarressed? (sic) It isn't the first time is is? (sic) I've deleted your PMs in the past but will not do so in the future.  This is just being vulgar.  I understand that you are pretty much uninformed on a variety of topics - evolutionary bioloy (sic), Darwinism, Christianity, Naziism (sic) and so on. One thing that you don't understand is that any message that you send to me is my property, not yours. It really doesn't matter how private you wish it to be, when I receive it, it becomes my property to do with as I will. If you are embarrassed (as you should be), then think before you act (I know that will be unusual for you - you don't actually think). Any PMs that you send to me in the future may be posted back to the board. If you can't actually hold up your end of a debate in public, what good does it do to PM your conqueror and claim victory?  Now that you've made public this fact, I must now say that I spoke to you in private in order to forestall you going on over an issue of which you are wrong. Darwin's words are exact.  So the question is, what books/papers of Darwin have you read? If you haven't read any, then you aren't a Christian since you implied that you had. That would be a lie.  You make an 'absolute' argument that I've read nothing by Darwin. The very fact I've posted quotes from Darwin's works suggest that I've read something of his. I think you continue to make sweeping-statements and opinion as fact out of anger.   Do Christian's lie?  I see many things in this question. One is a hate for Christians. But yes, Christians do lie. Do you admit to mistakes? No. I'd like to remind you about your attack on me earlier where you said I had no idea about who coined the words "Survival of the Fittest". You let your ego get in the way.  But I didn't defend "survival of the fittest." You did. Modern scientists don't use it because it doesn't adequately describe the modern theory. In fact, it didn't adequately describe Darwin's original theory.  Why do you lack the courage to defend your position, and when shown to be wrong, admit your error. Have you no moral integrity?  Darwin yielded to popular opinion. For some reason, 'survival of the fittest', even though it was strictly an economic theory, became attached to Darwin's theory of natural selection. Spencer read Darwin and saw some application to his own area of expertise. He realized that uneconomical businesses would ultimately fail. Thus, the economically fit would survive.  You are the one that defended "Survival of the Fittest" by making every apologetic claim you could to get Darwin off the hook, a) that someone else coined it b) i) that someone else persuaded him to use it ii) that popular pressure persuaded him to use it c) that he always used this tautology in line with something else, but then, no he didn't he used them in conjunction d) that it's now not used anyway  How am I wrong? I stated Darwin equates the two. I post a link to showing this. I state Darwin thought that a tautology was a better way of describing his theory of Natural Selection.  But that isn't Darwinism or evolutionary theory. How sad that Monty doesn't know that. He wants to link Darwinism to Hitler while he ignores the Hitler-Christianity link. I see both as travesties. Monty defends Hitler's Christianity. How terribly sad.  There is a clear relationship between "Survival of the Fittest" and Nazi ideaolgoy. Hitler continually talked of the struggle of races, and the need of one to dominate the others. If you can find a link between the teachings of Christ, and Nazi ideology, now is the time to present it  Monty seems to me to be a neo-Nazi.  More offensive attacks.  Quoted from post 162 This was however, originally posted by Ungerdunn.  On our theory the continued existence of lowly organisms offers no difficulty; for natural selection, or the survival of the fittest, does not necessarily include progressive development- it only takes advantage of such variations as arise and are beneficial to each creature under its complex relations of life.  "I should premise that I use this term in a large and metaphorical sense, including dependence of one being on another, and including (which is more important) not only the life of the individual, but success in leaving progeny. Two canine animals, in a time of dearth, may be truly said to struggle with each other which shall get food and live. But a plant on the edge of a desert is said to struggle for life against the drought, though more properly it should be said to be dependent on the moisture. A plant which annually produces a thousand seeds, of which only one of an average comes to maturity, may be more truly said to struggle with the plants of the same and other kinds which already clothe the ground. The mistletoe is dependent on the apple and a few other trees, but can only in a far-fetched sense be said to struggle with these trees, for, if too many of these parasites grow on the same tree, it languishes and dies. But several seedling mistletoes, growing close together on the same branch, may more truly be said to struggle with each other. As the mistletoe is disseminated by birds, its existence depends on them; and it may metaphorically be said to struggle with other fruit-bearing plants, in tempting the birds to devour and thus disseminate its seeds. In these several senses, which pass into each other, I use for convenience sake the general term of Struggle for Existence." http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html
Can you honestly look at the photos of the different finches and say that they don't support evolution? Notice I used the word "support" and not "prove with 100% certainty".   Those finches are a wonderful example of God's handiwork  Darwin theories are not as simple as the the most likely to survive have the highest likelihood of survival. Such a vacuously true statement is clearly true you do not write a book about it and you don't show why you believe it to be true.  Darwin suggests that if it survives, then it was the fittest to survive. I had a series of posts in another thread where I had the "Survival of the Luckiest" which is just as convincing a theory.  For example; a cowardly buck-deer watches as two tougher, stronger competitors compete. The two competitors might clash antlers so hard that they become entangled. If they can't dislodge themselves, they'll starve. The luck cowardly deer then gets to mate with all the doe around.  Another example, a weak lion might have a glitch in its make-up that makes it better suited to survive in a drought. But it can't ever pass this beneficial trait on, simply because it's not the current biggest stongest male around.  I think you can download the Darwins "on the origin of species" from  http://human-nature.com/download/darwin.html   Thanks, but I've shown a link where he says that this tautology is a better way of describing Natural Selection.  So is unreasonble to think that the orthodox church does not have the ultimates truth? I would hope you agree that none of your statements prove that your church has the truth.  We have the truth as taught us by Jesus who is 'the Word of God'
Likewise, turtles produce dozens of eggs. When they hatch, they run the gauntlet of a plethora of predatory birds. One of these turtles may have some mutation that could one day benefit its species, but is picked-off by a gull. It seems to me that this is survival of the luckiest is now a factor to be considered.  Any species that has survived has been lucky so far, to have avoided plauges, and pestilence, and floods and droughts etc.
One poster recently stated: Some of the characteristics of the parents get passed onto the offspring. Luck is not one of them so"survival of the Luckiest" is just as true "survival of the fittest" in a trivial sense but if you read the books you will see darwin does not use thousands of words to state a tautology.  In fact, it's the other way around. He uses a tautology instead of thousands of words.  That certain characteristics are passed on is due to luck. A deer might be weak, but circumstance allows it to mate. There is nothing inherrently 'fit' about it and the ability to mate.
[QUOTE=Close_slave_can]I do not agree with ungerdunn calling you montypoo. You can call me closeypoo if it helps.  I would not wish to call you that. But he evolved my username from Montalban to Montyp** to just p** and that has, in common usage, at least here in Australia the equivalent of the word excrement. I found that most upsetting, especially as he was tying this up with a general insult on my ability to understand English. This word is used (from the two references I used) only as a derogatory term (even when it doesn't refer to said foul substance). I will not dwell on this any more suffice to say one thing, that writer had previously clashed with me under a different username. He referred to an incident that gave me the clue - the only thing I don't know is which poster he was before; Lurch, or SLP, or Iamthetruth or another equally vulgar poster.  It is now a dead issue, but I thank you for your input.  Also a gene that has a lower chance of getting passed than other will eventually vanish. I have seen Creationist websites agree with this idea. they describe it as a loss of information which many find annoying but the point is that you are the first I have seen that disagrees that genes that are unlikely to get passed on become rarer and rarer as time passes.  I have also seen Creationist web-sites that agree with speciation. They say that the rapid change in species variation within a type undermines the old earth model, because when change happens, it happens fast. I don't agree with this, as I have mentioned. I'm not a creationist... in the sense that it is used to describe those who attempt to use science to understand and support creation; tied into this is also the fact most of these seem to be Protestant. (I am a creationist only in the sense that I believe in the Orthodox teachings on creation).  Yes, I see that in theory some genes will vanish. But the circumstances in which one set is passed on over another, has nothing to do with fitness. It is blind luck that a species survives; that the big lion passes on the right genes at the right time, when a weaker lion might have had better genes for surviving a particular set of circumstances. I suppose this is why evolutionists account for extinction, that circumstances swiftly change and that the wrong males are mating with the females - that there might be members of the species with the right set of genes that would enable species survival, so here also is an example that the biggest male mating is not an example of being 'fit', other than its ability to mate.  What about if the weak lion is born with a mutation that would make it's offspring better suited to survival? The fact that his genes do vanish from the line, is luck, his missing of the chance to mate. It is sheer luck that the right lion with the right genes is able to mate and pass on his genes. There is nothing inherently 'more fit' in a big lion other than at a particular point in it's life, it is more able to mate. That is all it seems to me; the biggest lion mates, and by that we deem it most suitable because it has succeeded in mating, and passing on its genes. I suppose one would then hope that being the biggest at a particular time, it might have the genetic material that makes survival possible in changed circumstances.  Also, I think the idea of the turtles getting to the water when they are born is a good example. Nothing but luck determines which ones the gulls pick out. The gulls don't seem to be going about only weeding out the weakest, they instead take whichever turtle is closer.  (PS, although I don't believe in luck, I use it to express something that is just as likely to me as the equally unlikely event of 'Natural Selection')  If I seem to have waffled, or contradicted myself, I'm sure someone will easily find it; I am still a bit rattled.   I also want to take off from where I left. You need not respond if you feel it's not an area of interest to you. And yes, it will seem repetitive; because I was trying to get a stream of argument before several interjections.  I had tried to show that Nazis used Darwinism. Whether they used or misused it, is dependent upon one's morality. They applied the central theme of Darwin's idea "Survival of the Fittest".  Darwin himself preferred this tautology to "Natural Selection" He says in the 6th ed. of "Origin of the Species" I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection.  But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient. We have seen that man by selection can certainly produce great results, and can adapt organic beings to his own uses, through the accumulation of slight but useful variations, given to him by the hand of Nature. http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-03.html  Darwin's words are quite clear to me. However, one poster was adamant that I am wrong in this interpretation and whilst he didn't offer any alternative interpretation (rather, insisting on calling me stupid), I would appreciate any genuine posts to set me correct. I am open to suggestion, but from my understanding of what he said, I am right in suggesting that Darwin used a tautology in preference to his term "Natural Selection".  My reason for raising this was to tie in that Nazi science is just a scientific as our notions of science, which should rightly be termed "Western Capitalist Science". I seem to have failed to properly express my ideas regarding science; owing to the lack of acceptance from the readers out there. But I see our science as one of many applications of science, and we tend to mistake it as just 'science', that is, in terminology familiar with sociologist, we've made it Normative.
"Survival of the fittest" does not necessarily mean the biggest, strongest, and fastest, as alot of people tend to think it does. "The fittest", in this case, just means best able to survive and reproduce. So in your example, if the weaker lion did have genes which gave him an advantage over the other lions in a given set of circumstances, he would be the fittest, in those circumstances.  A weaker lion might have the genes that are more vital for the species to survive; having some that enable the species to better survive drought, BUT the biggest lion mates. Thus 'fitness" is indeed only the ability to produce. There is no selection here at all. Big wins, unless the weak lion gets lucky, literally. That is why it is a tautology, because it is so meaningless, that which survives, survives!  As to the Nazis, I said that Darwin never advocated genocide. However, why do you believe that Darwin's theory shouldn't be applied to mankind as the Nazis did? I'd be glad to see whether you base your argument on philosophy, or science.  No. You're wrong again. He used tens of thousands of words. But you haven't read On the Origin of Species have you?     Not only have I answered this, I even pointed out last time we clashed, where I answered it. Your intent in repeating this again and again and again is to point score, nothing else. You do this, and oft criticise my ability to comprehend English.    You think that a mere label is an explanation of a theory. It isn't. "Survival of the fittest" no more explains the theory of natural selection than does "natural selection." Natural selection was the term that Darwin preferred and never stopped using. And your discussion of lions demonstrates your feeble grasp of natural selection. But it is to be expected. You claimed to know what Darwinism is and were so embarrassed when asked if you had actually read what Darwin wrote, you were quite slow in admitting it. And you return to one single quote, over and over again without bothering to read the whole book to find out what Darwin really meant.  Yes you continue to say that I'm incapable of understanding this, or English, and it show you are willing to point score with personal attacks. And, rather then do this privately, believe that making these vulgarities known publicly adds some kind of credence. Your mantra is to continually berate me by questioning my ability to understand English. I have asked you in the past already to point out what you think he means, and instead you just repeat that I won't understand. So it becomes a mantra for you, and gets you out of actually coming up with ideas. Your intent then is just to point score.  I think that much of the problem is your inability to grasp simple grammar. You think that labels are explanations, not to mention your inability to distinguish adjectives from nouns.  Yes, this doesn't add to the debate a bit either. You've said this already which is how I know you've been here before under a different username. I asked you which one, and you won't say. If I don't answer a question of yours, you claim it is because I'm embarrassed or ashamed etc. I do not make the same claim of you, but it speaks for yourself, in context of what you would say. Obviously you prefer to live by different standards of honesty for yourself.  Again we see how Monty misrepresents what was said. I am sure that he is making a reference to me when he claims that "one poster called me stupid." I certainly didn't and I didn't see anyone do that.  I think that when you suggest that I don't understand English, then that equates to calling someone stupid.  Further, I think that when you use a derogatory term instead of my username, and then claim that you've not been abusive, and instead insist I don't understand English, then you just heap abuse upon abuse.  And Monty, you put yourself in a very strange moral position. When you first made your statement about Darwin's use of the phrase, "survival of the fittest," I pointed out to you that the phrase wasn't Darwin's but was coined by Herbert Spencer and that Darwin didn't use it until the 4th edition of 'Origin'. Your reply was to claim that I had stated that Darwin never used the phrase. If you knew the history, then wouldn't you have been aware that I was correct and said so? Now you suddenly claim to have known this information all along. If you did, then was your statement that I claimed that Darwin never used it an intentional lie? If you didn't know, then isn't your statement that you knew it an intentional lie?  This is not what I said. I said that you had claimed he had never used the phrase.  I knew he had used it; my attack was on you whom I believe claimed he never had.   I knew who coined it.  I was wrong to suggest that you said this of Darwin, and you were wrong to claim that you taught me about Spencer coining the phrase. I have conceded where I was wrong, you don't do the same, even here, you try another twist and raising the spectre of me lying. I put this to rest some time ago, apologising for my mistake. I even am glad to mention it here.  Instead of admitting to your mistaken claim about teaching me a lesson, you just repeat this same mud-smear later on.. admittedly, with slightly less conviction.  This must again be your problem in understanding language.  Your mantra.  Darwin used the term natural selection. Darwin used the term natural selection without using the phrase "survival of the fittest." He did so even after the publication of the 4th edition. Darwin preferred the term "natural selection." In fact, Darwin wrote to Wallace in 1866, "It is, however, a great objection to this term [survival of the fittest] that it cannot be used as a substantive governing a verb; and that this is a real objection I infer from H. Spencer continually using the words, natural selection. I formerly thought, probably in an exaggerated degree, that it was a great advantage to bring into connection natural and artificial selection; this indeed led me to use a term in common, and I still think it some advantage." - Life and Letters of Charles Darwin, Volume II  This doesn't say what you want it to say. It says that he only wishes that the term can't be used as a substantiative governing a verb. That is his objection, it is one of its limitations by grammar. He goes on to say that the term 'Natural Selection' is weak, and wishes that he had been urged to use "Survival of the Fittest" two months earlier, which is before he published his next edition of Origins!! (see http://pages.britishlibrary.net/charles.darwin/texts/letters/letters2_04.html) which is why by the time of the 6th edition, he prefers the term "Survival of the Fittest" over "Natural Selection" (see quote below)  I know that that quote will cause you some problems since Darwin discusses some English grammatical concepts.  mantra  Moreover, Darwin never used the phrase "survival of the fittest" without reference to natural selection. If he preferred the latter, why did he never give up use of the former?   Why should he have? I don't understand what point, if any, you are trying to make. He said he called his theory "Natural Selection OR Survival of the Fittest".  [QUOTE=ungerdunn]And now, since I pointed out to you that the phrase "survival of the fittest" is a tautology, you seem to have fixated on that. You have done that before when I have taught you something new.  Are you going to claim that you've taught me something new AGAIN? What is it this time? I knew it was a tautology before, so it can't be that.  I'll attempt to explain to you once more in hopes that you will grasp the concepts. "Survival of the fittest" is not an explanation of a theory - it is a label - it is a name attached to a complex theory for identification. The term was being used quite commonly by others and to avoid confusion, Darwin began using the phrase in conjunction (not instead of) his preferred term.  You argued that they weren't always used in conjunction, but that they were 'linked' as if that was different. Post 143 But they aren't synonyms. They aren't always used in conjunction. I pointed out to you that evolutionary biologists don't use the phrase. You are easily confused. Darwin used the phrase because it had come into common use, but he always linked it to his term, natural selection which he explained in great detail..  Neither does the term "natural selection" explain the theory. It is also merely a label used to identify the theory. However, even though analysis of "survival of the fittest" yields a tautology, "natural selection" doesn't..  Yet you don't explain what you think it means. Simply going back to your mantra of "you don't understand". It's a very easy position for you to take...  Possibly you have learned what the word tautology means by this time..  mantra  You avoided answering when I asked you to support your claim that the term "natural selection" is a tautology. If you were referring to the theory itself, then how would you know since you haven't read the theory?.  Darwin himself preferred this tautology to "Natural Selection" He says in the 6th ed. of "Origin of the Species" I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient. http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-03.html  It is clear. Darwin says, in effect "I call my theory "Natural Selection" BUT "Survival of the Species" is a better way of putting it. He prefers a tautology to Natural Selection, and he always uses it in conjunction (according to you), he makes them synonymous, making them equivalent in connotation.  Why don't you PM me and declare victory again? It is such a nice touch and not at all juvenile and childish..  I tried to tell you by PM that you are wrong. Instead not only do you violate the 'private' notion, but you call this being childish. Instead, you'd prefer to name call me in public! I do believe that is childish.  You've tried every argument under the sun to apologise for Darwin's stated preference for a tautological phrase, blaming everyone but Darwin (Spencer, Wallace, the general populace for making it popular)  The you've argued that the phrases were always used in conjunction, but then they weren't they were just linked, but then recanted and said they were used in conjunction, when this change actually meant nothing because you used one term, and replaced it with one meaning much the same thing; pretty much what Darwin did.  You claim that Darwin criticised the term, he did, but only for it's limit of application in grammar. He liked the term so much he said to Wallace he wished he'd been convinced earlier, in time to make his publication deadline. Then he claimed unequivocally in his 6th ed that it was a better term.  Although you feel fit to make much of my recalcitrance in answering a question, you see no reason to answer my question regarding your previous identity.  Interspersed in this argument of yours are mud-slinging and point scoring attempts, and use of derogatory language. Further to that you don't believe that a Private Message should remain just that! Despite this lack of respect from you, I have no anger towards you.
No. It is an observation that you have difficulty in understanding English.  It is your belief and you've yet to show anything but repeating that when Darwin said one thing, he meant the opposite. When Darwin says it was a better phrase, you say no he didn't say that. Then when you claim he 'objected' to the phrase in a letter to Wallace, he did, but not the way you think, because he quite clearly says that he wishes he's been convinced two months prior to use it.  You are arguing from the complete opposite of what Darwin says, and you insist that there's some hidden meaning or gnosis you possess that simply explains away this - that you gained in reading the whole work. It is in fact the same argument made that many religious people make. You've yet to show how you come to this fantastic ability to interpret Darwin's words in the exact opposite to what he states.  Darwin himself preferred this tautology to "Natural Selection" He says in the 6th ed. of "Origin of the Species" I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient. http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-03.html  Somehow you read this to mean "I have called this principle urged on to me by popular pressure "Survival of the Fittest", and although I don't like it, because it's a tautology, I'm forced by pressures beyond my control to use it".  I've asked you repeatedly to show me, from your extensive readings, how you come to take the opposite from what Darwin says. The only thing you've done is;  a) claimed I wouldn't be able to understand it as I'm incapable of understanding basic English b) claimed you've already done this (but won't refer to any post reference of it) c) used a quote from a letter to Wallace which doesn't support what you contend. I think you've had about four days or so now to post your interpretation.  Your claim that I called you stupid is an example. Either you are deliberately misrepresenting what was said (but that would be a lie) or you have difficulty understanding simple English. You have shown frequently that you have a poor grasp of English.  You have used derogatory language, which you didn't apologise for.  When you say someone can't grasp their own language, this is calling them stupid. Please explain how it isn't. What do you think it means when you continually berate someone about their lack of grasping the fundamentals of their own language? Please posit your alternate theory showing that in fact that this is some act of kindness that I've taken out of context. Maybe I am too stupid to understand this, but I've always understood that when people tell me that I'm incapable of understanding something that is simple, I generally take this as an insult.  No. You failure to grasp the meaning of basic English leads you to believe that disagreement with you is somehow derogatory. It isn't.  The word you used has, as far as I know, only derogatory connotations. How is reaping this claim about my inability to grasp English not insulting? Is it less insulting if you continually repeat this claim again and again?  But I didn't post the private message. I just mentioned that you had sent me one.  You didn't post it. I did; regardless, it was private; do you have another interpretation of the word 'private'?. You stated what you believed I had said; you didn't just mention that I'd sent one.  And no, I don't think that your private insults should remain private. We have to tolerate your constant whining about how you are being attacked when someone points out your errors, and yet your insults are supposed to be private.  I told you you were wrong. You believe that this is insulting. If so, please tell me what I said that you found insulting, and if I did insult you, I would apologise. You've had ample time to air this grievance too! Instead you just rant about having taught me a number of things.  You also refuse to answer the question as to what username you previously posted as on this forum.  As to earning respect... Yes you do. But respect is earned and I have shown you even more than you deserve.  Respect is given to all humans. Although I may upset people, I hope not to have insulted them. And I apologise for my mistakes. You have shown yourself incapable of sorrow. Even your claim that you 'taught' me about Wallace coining the phrase was shown to be wrong. Instead of taking this on board and admitting that you were wrong, you began abusive angry posts which have no point to this forum.  What does, is that Darwin quite clearly liked the tautology so much he stated that he preferred it. He stated that he only wished he'd known about it earlier. It matters not that someone else coined it, or that Wallace convinced him to use it, or it had entered into popular language. Even another poster pointed out that Darwin was wrong to use it. He was. Your continual attempts at defending a phrase everyone else seems to have thrown on the scrap-heap is quite odd.  As for my ability to understand English, I don't understand this...  You say that the terms are used in conjunction  I'll attempt to explain to you once more in hopes that you will grasp the concepts. "Survival of the fittest" is not an explanation of a theory - it is a label - it is a name attached to a complex theory for identification. The term was being used quite commonly by others and to avoid confusion, Darwin began using the phrase in conjunction (not instead of) his preferred term.  But at Post 143 they aren't, they are 'linked' But they aren't synonyms. [B}They aren't always used in conjunction.{/B] I pointed out to you that evolutionary biologists don't use the phrase. You are easily confused. Darwin used the phrase because it had come into common use, [B}but he always linked it to his term, [/B]natural selection which he explained in great detail..  What is the difference, as you see it, between always using them in conjunction and always linking them?  Did you read my example?  Yes.  If the big lion is weak from hunger, or dead from hunger, than it doesn't mate. The small, bug eating lion mates. That's the whole point, which you seem to be missing. If the smaller lion is better able to survive a drought than the big lion, than it will be more likely to mate, because the big lion is dead.   Under current conditions, specifically for lions, size is a prime survival factor. But it won't always be that way. As climates change and territories get destroyed it could well be that large size becomes detrimental, at which point being big will be selected against.   That's not the point. The point is that the smaller lion might have the mutations that potentially could better the lion race, but it can never pass on this 'fitness' because 'fitness' simply is mating... in this case. It would only be a lucky chance that the big lion died, enabling the smaller lion to mate. Alternatively, the bigger lion might have had the 'better' genes and died of hunger, allowing the 'less suitable' smaller lion to mate. Fitness is simply he who can mate.  There is no other criteria that I see, in these examples. There is nothing 'selective' of nature, anyway, in that nature seems to be blind. And some species are just lucky enough to have the right genetic make-up at the tight time.   Let me give another example, which has actually occurred. It used to be the case that large tusks on elephants were selected for. Apparently, for lady elephants size does matter, and the bull elephants with larger tusks would mate more. Than came hunters. People wanted tusks as trophies, the larger the better. As a result, elephants with large tusks were preferentially killed, while those with smaller tusks got to live long enough to breed. As a result, the average tusk size for elephants has shrunk. The definition of fittest changed due to environmental changes, and thus the gene pool changed.   How is this an example of natural selection?  And yes, you're right. This isn't any sort of deep logic here. It's not meaningless, it's just really, really straight forward. That's why it's so frustrating when people say they don't buy it. Evolutionary theory is just a small collection of common sense observations, which people agree with one at a time, but refuse to except the implication of as a whole.  I refuse to accept the implications as a whole as they fly in the face of the truth as my God taught us.  Well, if evolution theory teaches us anything, it is that the more variation that exists in a population or species, the more likely it will be able to adapt as the environment changes. Populations and species with very little variation are more likely to go extinct. So, if eugenics were to be applied on a world-wide scale, which would end up eliminating a lot of variation in the human species, then the human race would be more likely to go extinct.  By this argument we should be halting those that fight genetic disease! Who knows, maybe one of these 'mutants' might hold the key for our future species survival. The Nazis believed that "Survival of the Fittest" was the natural state of nature; that if you don't survive against all competition, then you lose. They actually believed that 'lesser races' were harmful to man's survival as a whole. They would have equated these people as genetic disorders, and thus eliminated them.  Who is to judge that all current mutations/variations might not all be harmful?  Is this the sort of answer you were looking for?  No. I was looking for his reasons. But I still welcome your input as it's always interesting. You have attempted to use a scientific reason, which is not what I expect everyone who looks at this would do.
Their faith is not quite strong enough... So many times, the things we need to hear the most are from those that have no idea who God is. Good point, Waxy. Creationists are bound by the literal word of the Bible. I asked in another post what the definition of a creationist was and I still can't gather enough info to know for sure - but I don't really think I would qualify, even though I do believe that God created everything.  I think it's a group concerned with bashing science, but am not real sure.
Ok, let me get this straight. No matter what we do or say, you'll never agree with evolution. We can walk you through the logic, show you all the evidence, you could agree with us every single step of the way, and then at the end when we say "so evolution must be correct" you would say no. Even if you didn't have any objections to any specific step on the way, you'ld still say no, cause you don't want to disagree with your God.  As God is the truth, you can't by that fact bring up any argument that can be 'truthful' that is counter to God.  Why are you even here? What's the point of debating the details if you don't care what the details are? Why bother presenting arguments if your beliefs aren't based on, or influenced by, logic? I'm not trying to be sarcastic or rhetorical here, these are serious questions.  So many people make this argument and need to reflect themselves on why they too, are here. Or do you suppose that if I argued for a while, suddenly you'd throw out evolutionary theory? I doubt it, but in your own mind you'd probably say 'sure, if he could provide enough evidence - because this will never happen'  Any argument based on logic alone would fail due to the application of Godel's Theorem
Well, I may as well give my theory.  Do you remember back when you were in high school, and you knew the truth about everything? Remember how obvious it all was? And remember how you were convince that all you had to do was carefully, logically explain things and everyone else would have to see things the way you did?  I think that fundamentalism is like that. I think these folks come in here, thinking that all they have to do is explain how obvious it is that evolution is a "theory in crisis", and how obvious that Jesus died for our sins. I suspect that when we are not immediately converted, that is extremely shocking to them. Then they get scared and run away.  A few of this type stick around (at least on other message boards), and they become very surly and insulting.  Ah but for lack of insight. This comes about because you think you are right, and can't conceive of me being right, so for you you've no idea that you are applying a way of thinking many creationists would apply to you!  Many creationists might think 'what are these evolutionists doing here? They think science holds answers and therefore it is the best way of explaining things' etc.  I thought you had more insight Ursus. You might want to delve into some Sociology and look at the creation of 'the Other' and of normative patterns of thought
Montalban disputes natural selection. I cannot see anyone agreeing with him so I would urge him to give up or come up with a different argument.  The argument is already there, I didn't 'come up with it'. It's in the Bible.  And, you apply the comfort of numbers theory to testing a truth, which might make you comfortable, but doesn't make you right.
Well, since we're all throwing our theories out there. :p  My theory is that they do it out of their own lack of faith.     Their faith is not quite strong enough to overcome the logical/reasonable part of their brain and causes them to reach out with that part of their brain for some justification of their faith. It's very natural for all humans to question their environment and what they're told, and to want to confirm things for themselves. True faith in the abscence evidence, or in the face of contradicting evidence, is a VERY difficult proposition.  Creationists are bound by the literal word of the Bible. They live in a world surrounded by others who are NOT bound by that literal world. All around them there is evidence even "proof" that what they are supposed to believe in just MIGHT not be exactly true or realistic. They come here because they are not secure in their faith, and they want to test that faith and their knowledge against those that don't believe. The intended outcome of course is being proven correct and affirming their faith, unfortunately for most, it's a rude awakening.  I think that's why most tend to be hit and run. It's a lot easier to just stick your head back in the sand than it is examine the very basis of your belief system.  Waxy  People are starting to be un-kind again. There is a comfort zone you live in; believing you are reasonable, and non-evolutionists are irrational.  Tell me please, which particular evolutionary theory do you ascribe to?
Lets get down to specifics. You dismiss natural selection. What part of the bible allows you to dismiss it? Where is this argument in the bible? As for maths not representing the real world what is wrong with saying that if I have 3 cookies and I eat one I have 3-1 =2 cookies. You still have a cookie inside you (two outside, one inside) :p   But Godel's Theorem strongly suggests that maths, ultimately, can't prove anything.
As God is the truth, you can't by that fact bring up any argument that can be 'truthful' that is counter to God.   Except, of course, that should be if God is the truth, and if God's truth is in the Bible, etc. Ask yourself, if the Bible is God's truth, than why did God make the world so that the Bible looks false? Or let's put it this way. Which is more likely, you made a mistake in trying to figure out God's truth, or God is deliberately trying to trick us.  I'm trying to figure out how you come to this conclusion. How did God make the world so that he looks false? It is people, foible-filled, limited in intelligence people who place themselves as the ultimate source for truth (through science alone) that make assumptions about creation.  God made the world. He states how he made it. Some people come along with a tautology to turn this upside-down, and then people start finding proofs for it, ignoring any proofs that don't fit in with their particular leanings.  "In Marxism, groups are more important than individuals. Capitalists view nature as competitive, whereas these Marxist critics tend to view it as being much more cooperative." http://www.stephenjaygould.org/reviews/hull_sociobiology.html  Although I recognise in this, both schools believe in evolution, I also know that there are many more forms of evolution that 'the Theory of Evolution' which you take as normative, including; devolutionary models, ones with intelligent design, including (or not, depending upon your views), panspermia. There's special creation models etc. Then there are old world creationists, new world creationists etc, each with their own parcels of scientific proofs battling against you guys. There's no clear distinction here. There's not 'one truth that is evolution' vs. religious mumbo-jumbo.  As for proofs of natural selection; I've seen some that are cases of artificial selection, posted on this thread. I've even read them in text-books;  "From time to time, attacks on neo-Darwinism are mounted, usually by persons who either see evolutionary theory as antireligious or who basically misunderstand Darwin's theory. One attack, entitled "Darwin's Mistakes," by Tom Bethell, was published in Harper's magazine.  Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory. (The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition.)* That is, evolution is the survival of the fittest. But who are the fittest? Obviously, the individuals who survive. Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival, we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors. This indeed is a tautology. But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness. Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons, in which the breeders' choice was the criterion for fitness. (Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way.) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders. Here too, survival is not the criterion for fitness, productivity is." Robert H Tamarin, (1996) "Principles of Genetics" (5th ed), p571.  People just accept these things because of a world-view (I know I have a priori assumptions too). I just spent days arguing with one person about Darwin's use of the term "Survival of the Fittest" because he couldn't cope with the notion that Darwin, the great man himself, would actually prefer a tautology to describe his theory.  There's courses you can take into the many faces of science...One asks... "How has sexist (racist, classist) bias influenced the practice, results, and political uses of science? To what extent is scientific inquiry and, by extension scientific knowledge, objective, rational, reliable? Is science primarily a social activity? How might a feminist political agenda change, improve scientific inquiry, knowledge, and practice?"  http://www.haverford.edu/femgenstudies/Brokes.html and includes for reading Belk, C.M. 2000. "Gender bias in biological theory formation. In: Women Succeeding in the Sciences: Theories and Practices across Disciplines" (Jody Bart, ed.), Purdue University Press, West Lafayette, IN, pp. 169-175.  ? Even before the time of it's formal introduction to science by Darwin, there have been many differing and different theories advanced to explain the fact of organic evolution and the diversity of life on Earth. Some are over 100 years old, while others are quite recent innovations. Some have been discarded as erroneous, while others have, literally and figuratively, tons of evidence which support them.   A general listing of these theories include Darwinism (descent with modification by natural selection; and in and of itself a set of theories; i.e., 'Strict Darwinism', 'General Darwinism', etc.; and an 'umbrella' term sometimes used in other evolutionary theories as a basis, which is then modified), Lamarckianism ("inheritance of acquired characteristics"), saltationalism (evolution proceeding by major leaps or jumps), gradualism (slow, uniform accumulation of modifications), punctuated equilib rium (periods of stasis followed by brief, intense periods of speciation), phyletic gradualism (speciation occurs gradually over a species' entire range), orthogenesis (evolution that follows a single direction or specific trend continuously, "straight- line" evolution, often appearing to be independent of natural selection), creationism (a religious, non-scientific, pseudoscientific preconceived dogmatic construct), etc.? http://www.skeptictank.org/hs/factfaq.htm  So many people make this argument and need to reflect themselves on why they too, are here. Or do you suppose that if I argued for a while, suddenly you'd throw out evolutionary theory? I doubt it, but in your own mind you'd probably say 'sure, if he could provide enough evidence - because this will never happen'   Bouncing the question back at me doesn't count as answering it.  It wasn't meant to be an evasion, I'd already stated the absoluteness of God being truth.  But, to show I'm a good sport, I'll answer first. Yes, if anyone could present a good argument why evolution was wrong, I'd accept it, or at the very least doubt evolution. There was a half day where I started to lean towards intelligent design before I figured out the flaw in someone's math. So yes, I can honestly say that if you presented a good argument I would buy it, because it's already happened. Now what about you? If you would be so kind, please give me your answer.  I did give you the answer. God is the truth. I guess you think that it's the same truth as your truth. It's not a relativist truth. I can't say "God is the truth, until another truth comes along" because that's not what I see the 'truth' is. You mistake your idea of the truth for truth. God is. He says He 'is'.  Any argument based on logic alone would fail due to the application of Godel's Theorem   Godel's Theorem states that in any logical system, there will exist unprovable truths, not that the truth is unprovable. Godel doesn't apply here at all.  Godel's Incompleteness Theorem (1931): Given any advanced mathematical system, there are always statements which are true but can not be proven true within that mathematical system.' http://home.earthlink.net/~csvaughen/godel/godel.html  "What Gödel and Turing showed is that axiomatic formal reasoning has certain limitations" http://www.cs.umaine.edu/~chaitin/cmu.html  It means that there are maths truths not applicable by using maths. One such as 'God exists', can't be proven using logic and maths alone. Which is why I find it extraordinary then that people would place science up on a pedestal as their ultimate source or rule for truths. Any ultimate test for truth then, can't be reliant on science, which people admit can't ultimately prove anything. So, when you pit your scientific proofs against God's truth, you are in fact pitting a flawed limited interpretation against an absolute truth.  Thus in the end no matter how many 'proofs' you present, they aren't of their nature absolute. Pitting a relativist temporary 'truth' against an absolute 'truth' is no comparison. Besides, what is now true for you, in regards to science may not be tomorrow. You yourself see that it's possible your truth may not be 'true'.  I asked some people who are deistic evolutionists which particular model of evolution did God use. If they believe for instance that science said we evolved through a particular process (say, as described by the Presapiens School), then several years later, when this model is over-turned, they need to re-think how they believe God acted. They are in fact applying human ideas to describe God, and in a sense, although they may not be aware of it, they are trying to limit God's miraculous gifts into human terms.  If this offends you or anyone else, that I would take such an immutable course, I can't help that; it comes with the passion for God, and the truth.  ` I think scientists should stick to coming up with new medicines etc.
So 3-1 =2 is a truth that cannot be proven true I am also biased so 3 cookies to eat, then eating one cookie could not mean 2 cookies left to eat.  What do you think Godel means?
I would define a creationist as anyone that believes in a literal interpretation of the Bible.   This applies mostly to the Genesis story of the creation of the universe, but also to other stories in the Bible. It requires belief that the earth is only ~6000 years old, that the scientific theory of evolution is wrong, that Noah's flood is indeed a literal historical account, etc...  I'm not so sure they want to bash science so much as they don't want to face the reality that it suggests.  Clear as mud?  Waxy I don&#8217;t know how old the earth is, but I believe that it could be billions of years old as a planet&#8230;not as we know it today. I can&#8217;t say that I know evolution is right or wrong, but, due to my belief system, I believe God created all things &#8211; the Bible states it, therefore I believe it. To say otherwise would put me in the ranks of fools.  I truly believe that science is the study of that creation and I am mesmerized by each new finding &#8211; I can&#8217;t wait to see the new discoveries or watch any of the Discovery Channel specials (except those &#8220;Monster&#8221; this or that or those ridiculous &#8220;Reality&#8221; show spinoffs &#8211; big waste of time IMO).
And I MUST ask you with kindness, Big Orn: You are saying something to the effect that Waxy does not know who god is. Of course I&#8217;m saying that. But, as much as I&#8217;ve prayed, studied, delved into His word, I don&#8217;t know Him as much as I would like &#8211; and I&#8217;ve dedicated my life to him. Even the Apostle Paul &#8211; one of the most famous and obedient men of God said, &#8220;I just want to know Him.&#8221; Whether we know Him as much as we would love to, whether we say it or not, knowing Him is not as important as understanding His ways, for I believe we will never know Him or understand Him completely until the day we meet Him. It's not by the tongue that we get to know His ways, but by the foot; our walk.  BTW &#8211; Waxy is among several others here that I respect, regardless of their present belief system. I would never even suggest a negative premise towards or about them. So it was not a stab at his character and he knows it. That's funny because I sure don't (at least we haven't been formally introduced)*. But, I'm guessing that you do? And you're quite sure? Positive? Got it nailed? No doubts? None at all? Nope, not &#8220;quite sure&#8221;. But am yearning to know Him. But, I do know who He is.  *- please don't offer to introduce me to her/him/it. Okay. I&#8217;ll leave that up to whoever. I have to say that I had the same idea years ago. To me, back then, it was too much of a hassle to begin with, much less all the baggage that went along with it. The Christians that piled out of a car with smiles and Bible in hands got back in just as quick. It was not people that pointed me towards God, but God himself&#8230; and not because I&#8217;m special in that respect, but because to God we all are. So, even if I wanted to, I couldn&#8217;t introduce you to God. It&#8217;s a one-man-job.
This is untrue. It means that a particular maths system (eg arithmetic) cannot be used to prove all truths inherent within that system, another system is required to do this (eg algebra). There will then be truths within algebra that cannot be proven by algebra alone and that require yet another maths system ad infinitum.  Yes, to a point you are correct. But you do recognise the problem that you need to go outside a system, and then you'd need to go outside that, and so on and so on, so ultimately, when I said "It means that there are maths truths not applicable by using maths." I believe this to be true...  "In 1931, the Czech-born mathematician Kurt Gödel demonstrated that within any given branch of mathematics, there would always be some propositions that couldn't be proven either true or false using the rules and axioms ... of that mathematical branch itself. You might be able to prove every conceivable statement about numbers within a system by going outside the system in order to come up with new rules and axioms, but by doing so you'll only create a larger system with its own unprovable statements. The implication is that all logical system of any complexity are, by definition, incomplete; each of them contains, at any given time, more true statements than it can possibly prove according to its own defining set of rules." http://www.miskatonic.org/godel.html  Of course it can't as it's nothing to do with maths.  Oops, my mistake  However, logic has something to do with maths. And logic is limited. You can see this by the limitations of logic machines, such as computers. A logic machine, such as in artificial intelligence will be limited because of the implications in Godel's Theorem http://psyche.cs.monash.edu.au/v2/psyche-2-09-chalmers.html is a review of the theory Penrose puts forward, with some interesting insights to the barrier that will be faced by AI - because of the limitations of logic/programming. " Part of Penrose's conviction that his reasoning is intrinsically more powerful than that of a computer program may come from his using kinds of reasoning that he implicitly denies machines. There are two such kinds of reasoning."* http://psyche.cs.monash.edu.au/v2/psyche-2-11-mccarthy.html  However, logic is math's like. Within the realm of logic, nothing can therefore be proven. "How can you figure out if you are sane? ... Once you begin to question your own sanity, you get trapped in an ever-tighter vortex of self-fulfilling prophecies, though the process is by no means inevitable. Everyone knows that the insane interpret the world via their own peculiarly consistent logic; how can you tell if your own logic is "peculiar' or not, given that you have only your own logic to judge itself? I don't see any answer. I am reminded of Gödel's second theorem, which implies that the only versions of formal number theory which assert their own consistency are inconsistent.  The other metaphorical analogue to Gödel's Theorem which I find provocative suggests that ultimately, we cannot understand our own mind/brains ... Just as we cannot see our faces with our own eyes, is it not inconceivable to expect that we cannot mirror our complete mental structures in the symbols which carry them out? All the limitative theorems of mathematics and the theory of computation suggest that once the ability to represent your own structure has reached a certain critical point, that is the kiss of death: it guarantees that you can never represent yourself totally." http://www.miskatonic.org/godel.html  The question of the existence of a deity is a philosophical one, not maths. Likewise I cannot use maths to prove "the cup on my desk exists", there is nothing special about a deity in this.  Yes, then in the long run, maths is useless if it doesn't get you closer to God.  That's because you want a nice safe complete "truth" rather than the messy "we don't really know" of reality. I find it incomprehensible that people such as you - that stifle their lives just to make it simple - exist.  My life is not stifled. God is not simple. That He is, is a simple truth, but knowing Him, journeying to Him is a great joyous mystery. Figuring out maths problems, whilst a mystery, has an ends that is not as fulfilling.  There can be no "ultimate test for truth" unless one denies reality.  God can't be 'defined' that's the whole point. Reality isn't just what can be described. Sometimes someone can feel a pain that I can't put into words, that science can't test for. However, there is clearly a need for systems beyond science and logic in order to explain things. There is intuition, and we can't deny our emotional and illogical selves as well.  You are entitled to your opinion.  Thank you for that! Therein lies the problem with science, people get bogged down in a pursuit for truths, then moving beyond that, then again, then again, caught up with their own smugness in this, and not getting any closer to God.  " We can produce models and explanations, and they will be illuminating: but, however far they go, there will always remain more to be said. There is no arbitrary bound to scientific enquiry: but no scientific enquiry can ever exhaust the infinite variety of the human mind." http://users.ox.ac.uk/~jrlucas/mmg.html  The human mind is superior to science and logic. We also feel things. We can begin to understand God through our 'heart' as well as our head. In Orthodoxy, we call this 'noetic' understanding.
That may be an answer, but it's not an answer to the question I asked. Why are you debating facts and logic if facts and logic have no influence on your conclusions?   As 'Spock' says  :)   Logic dictates that logic is not applicable in this situation.    Knowing the limits of science leads me, in part, to conclude logically that there are things greater than it.
algebra is a mathematical system. 3-1 =2 is statement that defined to be true, it cannot be proven to be true within the mathematical system of algebra. So 3-1 =2 is not provable so by using your logic that if you ask someone " I had 3 dollars and I spent 1 dollar how much do I have now" and they say "2 two dollars" you could accuse them of being arrogant and silly for not realising that it is only a opinion that "3-1=2" can be applied to the real world is just an opinion. Society has just made it the normative.  If I had $5 and used it to buy $4 of stamps, I'd have $5. $1 in cash and $4 in value of stamps.  Also, I thought algebra was using letters in equations.
"It is not perhaps without good reason that we attribute to simple-mindedness a readiness to believe anything and to ignorance the readiness to be convinced, for I think I was once taught hat a belief is like an impression stamped on our soul: the softer and less resisting the soul, the easier it is to print anything on it...On the other hand there is a silly arrogance in continuing to disdain something and to condemn it as false just because it seems unlikely to us. That is a common vice among those who think their capacities are above the ordinary".  "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities", Michel de Montaigne (1993), "The Essays: A Selection", Penguin Classics, p74.   God has not said how the world was made. The Bible has said how the world was made. You, a human as prone to flaws as the rest of us, came to the conclusion that the Bible is the word of God. If someone disagrees with Genesis, they're not disagreeing with God, they're disagreeing with you.  Ok, that was the bit. Continuing on now. Basically what we have here is two conflicting sets of opinions. On one side we have a cadre of professionals who have studied hard all there lives and have reached the conclusion that the earth is 4.5 billion years old. Then we have you, with how much theological trainging?, deciding that you've managed to figure out the truth about God that has escaped billions of others. And you insist that your conclusion is correct and that theirs is wrong. That's not faith. That's not differeing schools of thought. That's just conceit.  On one hand we have a cadre of Holy Fathers who spent their lives in contemplation of God, who say that the world was created by God. We've said this consistantly for 2,000 years. We have had a great many people, trained in spiritual exercises, given to contemplation, some even performing miracles and signs. All blessed with the Holy Spirit, and given teachings handed down through Apostolic Succession from Christ Himself.  On the other is a cadre of scientists who say that for now we'll say that the earth is 4.5 billion years old, but 20 years ago, they said something else, and 20 years from now, likely they'll say something else yet again, who even when they look to how man evolved will present mutually exclusive theories based on 'objective evidences'.  "When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we can shrug it off: His right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)  Michel de Montaigne in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"
I don't know if it is a problem in understanding math or a problem in understanding English, but as Kronus has pointed out, Montalban misapplies Godel's Incompleteness Theorem. Monty states that, "Any argument based on logic alone would fail due to the application of Godel's Theorem." The is quite untrue and isn't even similar to what Godel said.  Kronus corrected Monty (to no avail). Monty still clings to his incorrect statement of the Theorem. Maybe saying it in several ways will help Monty to understand.  Now as I see it, there is considerable difference between saying that "some arguments based on logic will fail" and "all arguments based on logic will fail." Essentially what Monty is doing is extending a statement like, "some vertebrates are frog" to try to mean "all vetebrates are frogs." It seems to happen every time Monty attempts English at anything more than the most basic level.  You seem to have started afresh, not wishing to take up anything from where we last left off, excepting your mantra regarding my ability to understand English.  Now you ignore all predictions of AI based on logic systems, which I cited, because they show that there will be limitations in them. Man doesn't have the same limitations because we're not purely logical creatures.  I also gave a cite that shows Maths proofs in any set of strutures would need to be tested outside it. But that structure itself can't ultimately proove anything, so you'll need another test outside it, and so on and so on. Tell me that you missed that?
call it arithmetic and call that a subset of algebra if you really want. Your answer is unconnected to my question. I was trying to show you can take a concept to far. Of course applying maths to the real world has pitfalls but you seem to be saying the the pitfalls and problems are ALWAYS to great for maths to be useful. However people use arithmetic all the time so the problems cannot always be to large to be useful. Also what do you think about the statement "The nazis used arithmetic to make there concentration camps more efficient the people with the most deaths were unfortunately copied. So artihmetic should be used with caution". I am not reducing your arguments to simplistic forms I am trying to show why your arguments make no sense to me.  Yes the Nazis applied scientific method to extermination.  Do you know of any sites that claim they can proove 1 = 0? I'm trying to access one to check it out, but they want a credit card.
There are hundreds of Christian sects, all with differing views on the literal truth of Genesis.  Orthodoxy was founded in 33 AD at the coming of the Holy Sprit upon the Apostles. It was given teachings by Christ Himself, and we've maintained these. Any further on this subject, and we'll have to start another thread about the veracity and truth of Orthodoxy, but as we're the original church and we've kept the same teachings (hence 'orthodox') I think that tells you something. My own bishop can trace his line of teachers all the way back to St. Peter. All Orthodox bishops can follow Apostolic Succession all the way back to the Apostles. Similarly, we can check our beliefs against theirs, and see that we don't change dogma. All that was revealed, was revealed then. (though we accept new ways of expressing the same ideas).  Oddly enough you've no problem with the fact that there are many different competing sciences. There's Nazi Science  Marxist Science  Feminist Science  Capitalist Science  various Nationalist Sciences  a) Finnish nationalist science! (see http://www.hf-fak.uib.no/smi/paj/isotalo.html) (though this is more about culture)  b) Indian (see http://www.ljudmila.org/nettime/zkp4/08.htm or http://www.vedamsbooks.com/no21420.htm)  c) Chinese etc etc.  various religious-Sciences  Pythagorean Science  Christian (Creationist) Science  Islamic Science  (some of these are pseudo sciences, depending upon your a priori understandings of normative science)    Simply your world-view is interesting because you happen to ignore all these things and call your version of the truth 'normative' and every other the 'Other' (if I can be permitted to use sociological terms).    All of them rely or have relied (depending whether they're now extant or extinct), on evidences.   And that's not even counting all the other religions in the world. They all have their traditions of miracles and holy men, some even longer than Christianity. In the end it's still you, your own personal self, who decided that you were going to follow a certain path. And the path you chose is in direct contradiction to what the universe shows us. Rather than admit you chose the wrong path, you say the universe is wrong.  Do you believe it's ultimately not just you who believes in science? What you are trying to argue here is that somehow you discern the truth, where I don't. OR that ultimately neither of us can discern truth, in which case why are you arguing with such certainty against me? Which is it? How are you sure to be?  Science can't claim to know the truth, so, logically if there is any absolute truth, one would have to look for it outside of science!  Even you pro-science people out there will, when pushed, over-look scientific method to account for some things...Science is, for the most part about hypothesis, experiment and observation. If experiments can be repeated with the same observations, such events usually pass into the realm of scientific fact.    Once, there was a belief in spontaneous generation; that life would instantaneously arise from non-life, usually decaying biotic matter. This belief existed because people could see maggots 'form' on rotting meat. The first serious attack on the idea of spontaneous generation was made in 1668 the Italian physician Francesco Redi. Up till that time, it was widely believed that maggots arose spontaneously in rotting meat. Redi believed that maggots developed from eggs laid by flies. To test his hypothesis, he set out meat in a variety of flasks, some open to the air, some sealed completely, and others covered with gauze. As he had expected, maggots appeared only in the open flasks in which the flies could reach the meat and lay their eggs.     It was through hypothesis, experimentation and then observation that Redi showed spontaneous generation did not occur. But for many in the anti-God group, we must now reverse this ideal. NOW we must believe that life spontaneously developed from non-life, and all without benefit of observation. Worse still, at least with old theories of spontaneous generation life was believed to have come from organic material, now we are to believe that life came from non-organic material.     Darwin himself hypothesised a 'primordial soup.'     I can see where that one will go, let me rephrase. You don't say that the universe is wrong, you say that looking at the universe is irrelevant. In other words, "I've made up my mind, don't confuse me with the facts." I've read your posts. You know that the evidence is against you. But when push comes to shove, all your arguments boil down to your assertion that's it's impossible that you picked the wrong religion.   Nice re-working of my beliefs. All the evidence is not against me. The evidences of testimony of Holy Fathers, and of Jesus are on my side. But yes, I've made up my mind. I don't think 'facts' get in the way, though there are so many that you can have, even within one form of evolutionary theory, mutually exclusive theories.  When I weigh up the unchanging teachings of the Church against those of mere men, I accept the former. When I see the teachings of science continually shifting, then I don't hold it up as my ultimate test for ultimate truth.  I'd be interesting to hear from you if you believe that there is in fact any truth that is ultimately true.  Also, I just realized I've been miss-spelling your username. I must apologise for that.   On the other is a cadre of scientists who say that for now we'll say that the earth is 4.5 billion years old, but 20 years ago, they said something else, and 20 years from now, likely they'll say something else yet again, who even when they look to how man evolved will present mutually exclusive theories based on 'objective evidences'.  [Quote=OccamsRazor] This statement is illuminating, not because of the facts you discuss (incidently the current value for the AoE is a result of 50 years of ongoing research and expermentation) but for the attitude you reveal.  That research over 50 years - has it always produced the same results through one theory? Or have there been a number of theories with different outcomes? Which one is 'true'? That's right, science can't in the end prove anything anyway. Still, with out any real sense of 'truth' you know I'm wrong! Why, simply because there's a group of people without a sense of 'truth' who know I'm wrong.   You see the only possible explanation for the origin of the universe and everything within it as being a literal reading of the story in Genesis.  Not exactly, no. I don't literally take a 'literal' account. I take a mystical account of it.  I've already stated this, and see I must re-state it for those like yourself who missed it Fr Seraphim Rose said this about Genesis "Some Protestant fundamentalists tell us it is all (or virtually all) 'literal." But such a view places us in some impossible difficulties: quite apart form our literal or non-literal interpretation of various passages, the very nature of the reality which is described in the first chapters of genesis the very creation of all things) makes it quite impossible for everything to be understood 'literally'; we don't even have words, for example, to describe 'literally' how something can come from nothing. How does God "speak"? - does He make a noise which resounds in an atmosphere that doesn't yet exist?" (Genesis Creation and Early Man, p69).    This is why I've also said I'm not a 'creationist' in the sense that it is oft used now. Western Christians might have legalistic definitions/approaches to the issue. Orthodox don't.   You refuse to even entertain any other possibility, be it from another religon, science or belief- the details are irrelevant as all that matters is that your version is absolutely correct.  Correct. Truth in this case is not relative. God exists beyond us and for the most part, even beyond our level of comprehension. Even if I come to be in the presences of God, I'll never, because of His nature, know and understand Him fully. It is why we don't try to put into absolute terms our definitions of Him, or the miracles He performs, but we accept Him.  With regard to science this reveals a certain hypocrisy with such a position. You will argue that science is wrong ad nauesum when it has things to say about the history of the universe, but will not bat an eyelid when related science or related scientific principles are used for other purposes.  Not true. But we're talking here about evolution.  Why is this? how come you can pick fault with science in one area- i.e.. evolution- and not in others? Oh, and please don't try to separate out the sciences involved in evolution, cosmology and earth history as some sort of special, unique area as they are not.  I am against all sciences that conflict with the truth, to the extent that they conflict with the truth.  The very thing you site (sic) as a problem with science- its flexibility- is its underpinning strength! Off course outlooks can change- but this is in the face of new evidence, experimentation and so forth. If you think this is a bad or undesirable thing you are holding a truely blinkered view of the world we live in.  I tell you here that I've no real problem with science per se. I recognise that it shifts and changes. That's fine. It produces versions DOS that sometimes works, etc. It is however, when this constant shifting version of the truth is put up against 'the TRUTH' that is God, then I find it odd. You here recognise that science always changes. So, oddly enough you compare a shifting truth to a claim of absolute truth. And you're astounded that anyone can be certain! Yet, with absolute certainty you are certain that I can't be, or shouldn't be.  I find many of the tenets of YE- Creationism astounding, but this one particularly so.  Cool! It's nice to feel loved.
I don't think I said I'm astounded that anyone can hold a belief or opinion with certainty. My outlook is quite to the contary I assure you. I think we have some mis-understanding, so I shall re-phrase.  I find it remarkable how you can so easily cast aside whichever area of science you deem at odds with your world view- evolution as an example that you cite- purely for the fact it is at odds with your truth, as you call it. Bearing this in mind, how can you accept anything any science has to say at all?  It's not just my world-view. This isn't 'lone wolf' Montalban -v- the army of scientists. It is the view of Orthodox Holy Fathers.  I was taught evolution at school. My mum gave me lots of junior science books (one of which featured a character who moved throught time, showing the various ages of the earth, dinosaurs, ape-men etc.). All of which I read and liked. It didn't bring me closer to God.  I stated earlier the problem theistic evolutionists have. If I were one, and to tie my faith to a particular science view-point, I'd be caught with my trousers down, when in 15 years, that science view-point would be over-turned. It's also why I'm not a creationist (although I was up to last year - until my understanding of the Orthodox position finally sunk in).  Creationists too try to tie in their beliefs with science. But science changes. Besides, trying to define God through science is itself self-defeating.  It's why I like this quote... "Long ago (in the 4th century!) one of the Church's teachers Vasilius the Great wrote about this. He advised the Orthodox Christians neither to rely upon the scientific data in order to provide foundation for their faith in Christ, nor to try to disprove them, because "the scientists permanently disprove themselves." http://www.pravoslavie.ru/english/age-of-earth.htm  Scientists are good for finding new medicines (and helping create new diseases!),* making new video devices, faster cars, sharper tv's.  My point in arguing here in this forum is a) to defend Christ b) present (hopefully) a lucid argument for Christ c) show people that what the believe to be 'science' is only a normative concept d) and also to kill time (before it kills me).  *Thanks to modern technology we can come up with super-Anthrax or whatever. :p
As for the "proof" 1=0 here is the proof 2=1 so subtract 1 from both sides.  http://mathforum.org/library/drmath/view/55792.html.    Anyway why can't I say 3-1 =2 is just defintion and scoff at anyone that uses it in a practical way. What about claiming parallel lines never meet? If someone makes large building and uses a spirt level make surfaces parallel are they silly for thinking it has been proven that parallel lines never meet. You seem to be stretching Godels theorem so much that these conclusions become reasonable.  For general purposes we can get by with these things as you suggest. That might be a false reality, or maybe it's just 'practical'  I recall reading somewhere in "Chaos" by Gleick his argument that one can't really know the surface area of a table. For practical purposes we measure length and width, and multiply these. However, in reality if we look at the surface area there's lots of little bumps and undulations. We should take this into account, and the closer and more detailed look, the more irregularities we observe, each of course affecting the actual surface area computation. We keep looking and looking and eventually find massive spaces between atoms etc. But for all practical purposes, I know when I set my can of Dr. Pepper down, it's not going to fall through these spaces.  Another example from the same book... Take for example, you're working in a lab, and you want to describe a newly discovered bacteria. You look into the microscope, you see the little bugs moving around in an 'agitated' manner. You publish your findings. Months later other labs around the world read your work. There is some doubt. Other scientists have samples of the bug. Each conducts their own observations under similar conditions, and lo! they agree with your description. Your paper then enters the main-stream of thought as a 'truth' concerning an aspect of this bug.   BUT WAIT... it's not as simple as that. To observe the bacteria, you used a microscope. You used light shining up on a little mirror so you could see the bugs. The bugs may have reacted to the unwanted concentration of light. What you described as how they acted, was only how they acted while you were observing them!   He suggests that you can't know what is 'true' because you need to observe, but your observation affects the outcome. So how do you ever know it's true state? (You could add that you could view the bug under a particular camera apparatus - but there's always the possibility it too is changing how they behave).
So there are some statements that might not be perfectly true but they are practical and you can get by with using them. There are statements that are clearly doubtful such as "this equation shows god does not exist" or "this line of reasoning shows torture is justified".  Now I need you to answer one simple question with just a yes or just a no.  Here is the question Are there statements and arguments that are quite close to being as practical as 3-1 =2 and parallel lines never meeting? obviously they could not have the power to tell much about the existence of god or morality or what is the best form of government but do you accept such statements and arguments exist?  I can't answer 'yes' or 'no', but "I don't know"
My answer would be that there are such arguments and thats what I define as science. They cannot be properly appllied to morality, god, government ect. You can call some Marxist ideas that contain some logical arguments "Marxist science" if you want but give me a way of defining what I mean by science so we can have a conversation. I gave an example before, where Marxists view the world in a certain light, and thus look for evidences to support/test this. " According to the traditional 'internalist' view of science, scientists make up their minds on scientific issues primarily through reason, argument and evidence. Other factors may be involved, but they should be weeded out." http://www.stephenjaygould.org/reviews/hull_sociobiology.html  "In Marxism, groups are more important than individuals. Capitalists view nature as competitive, whereas these Marxist critics tend to view it as being much more cooperative." Ibid.  Likewise, capitalist scientists will show that man evolved through struggle and competition (in fact, that's "Survival of the Fittest" too). Also, it's why when 'sexism' predominate society more than now, evolutionary evidence appeared to back this up... Darwin postulated that females are ''coy,'' mating rarely and choosing their mates carefully, presumably betting their odds on the males with the best genes to contribute to their offspring. For their part, males are ''ardent'' and promiscuous, and fight amongst themselves for female partners. Later theories added that males are promiscuous because they have less to lose by making babies - unlike eggs, sperm are plentiful and small. Plus, females usually do most of the work to raise the offspring? http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_relea...u-sag021003.php  ?In the mid-nineteenth century, social Darwinists invoked evolutionary biology to argue that a woman was a man whose evolution - both physical and mental - had been arrested in a primitive stage. In this same period, doctors used their authority as scientists to discourage women's attempts to gain access to higher education. Women's intellectual development, it was argued, would proceed only at great cost to reproductive development. As the brain developed, so the logic went, the ovaries shrivel. In the twentieth century, scientists have given modern dress to these prejudices. Arguments for women's different (and inferior) nature have been based on hormonal research, brain lateralization, and sociobiology.? Londa Schiebinger, "History and Philosophy", in Sex and Scientific Inquiry, eds. Sandra Harding and Jean F. O'Barr, (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1987), p. 26-27. Quoted at: http://www.dean.sbc.edu/bart.html Feminists claim that evolution, long the domain of men has present biased accounts of science in order to explain gender. ?Men's claims to "know" women's natures, abilities, limitations, and so forth have been a fundamental element of feminist criticisms since its genesis, primarily because it is precisely these claims which are used to justify the social and political subordination of women.? Ibid.  However, now we're more eqaul (though feminists would argue this), we discover we've had evidences to point to another conclusion... "In a popular recounting of the same subject, reporter Sharon Begley wrote in Newsweek (April 21, 1997) that biologists in the 1960s portrayed sperm as active, "macho adventurers," eggs as passive, "coy damsels." According to the article, it was only recently discovered that "sperm are ineffectual swimmers" and that "the egg actively grabbed the sperm." Begley acknowledged that by 1964, researchers knew that the early development of the fertilized cell was guided by genetic material of the egg, but she quoted Martin as saying that "no one knew what to do" with this research. Are these charges of masculinist bias in scientific accounts valid? In a recent (October 1997) debate at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., Gross gave a scathing response. He noted that research published as early as 1878 and 1919 clearly described the egg as actively engulfing and pulling in the sperm, and that since then, the egg's role has not been considered passive "in any scientifically meaningful way." And he reaffirmed the scientific observation that sperm do swim.? http://members.tripod.com/~ScienceWars/cult.html
Make up your mind, Monty. Pick a horse and ride it. Either it is necessary to actually read the material in question to speak with authority or it isn't. It makes everything you say sound foolish. In fact, I suspect that you haven't actually read the works you cite in this matter. Why would you act differently in this case than you have in the past. Your usual MO is speak without learning the facts.  Oh yeah! I forgot. Why don't you PM me with more claims of victory and a few more insults? That certainly isn't a childish and imature way to act. I will, of course, share your remarks with the discussion board.  Have you heard of 'anger management'?
I'm just trying to get this straight in my own mind, so this talking to myself out loud might only be presenting rhetorical questions I suppose. I appologize for the length.  Changing is bad and a sign of weakness. The answers that science provides change (evolve emoticon_ic ) as we learn and gain greater knowledge. Is it fair then to equate "changing" with "learning", as one directly affects the other? If so, then the assertion here is that learning is bad and a sign of weakness, and that we should cease any attempts to learn or alter our understanding.  That seems a rather odd assertion to me.  Let's look at this using Monty's example. I don't want to get into the whole "beginning of life" thing here, so I'll limit this example to Redi's work on the generation of maggots only.  Using science, Redi determined that in fact spontaneous generation was NOT a reality in the formation of maggots, that in fact there was a much better and more logical explanation. They were fly larvae. Scientists then adopted this explanation. Simple enough.  However it would seem to me that using the logic above re: change, the person who dismisses this new found knowledge and resulting change and holds fast to his belief in spontaneous generation would somehow be more valid and righteous in his assertion. This would be due solely to the fact that his stance on the issue is unwavering in the face of the new evidence. Am I reading that correctly?  I'll try to put together a simple analogy.   A first year university student is presented with the problem of where maggots come from for the first time, he's given two explanations.   1- His science prof directs him to Redi's experiment and helps him perform the experiment for himself. He watches this experiement take place several times in a controlled, repeatable manner and observes the results for himself.  2- A professor of theology at the university tells the student that the maggots are the result of spontaneous generation.  The student has now been exposed to both explanations, and he's pretty darn sure that Redi is right, but, he doesn't want to dismiss the word of a respected prof off hand. So, he does some research. Turns out that his science prof once believed in spontaneous generation too, and he changed his mind after seeing Redi's experiment. Not only that, but he wasn't alone, MOST other scientists also changed their stance after observing the experiment.   However, his theology professor has said right from day one that spontaneous generation is the only correct explanation and has never even so much as acknowledged the possibility that there could be any other explanation.  Armed with this knowledge, the student now has to make up his mind as to which he believes is true.   He chooses the theology prof and spontaneous generation because, despite observing the results of Redi's experiment with his own eyes and the acknowledgement of its results by the scientific community, his theology prof has never changed his mind on the subject so he MUST be right.  Is that a pretty fair analogy?  Is so, it's a pattern of thought that I will never be able to reconcile myself with.  Waxy  I thought I'd put it fairly simply. Once science followed the rules of science, but when it needs to come up with theories to compete with Genesis, then scientists are quite happy with throwing it all away.  At one time, observation and testing was the rule. BUT it seems that godless-evolutionists need not adhere to this.  When I was at school I was taught evolution, and told that the Miller-Urey experiments showed how life came from non-life. It was years later that I was disapointed to discover that simply wasn't the case. This is part of my critique, in pitting relativist truths against 'the truth' people who believe in science will allow their a priori beliefs to get in the road of 'science'  Hence that there are many different 'sciences'.  This particular one; abiogenesis, need not rely on fact to get published, and thence taught in schools.
"Science education is built upon a set of theoretical and philosophical beliefs about the nature of science and the nature of learning which are not reliable in practice.  Science education traditionally defines science as a body of knowledge, beginning with facts, and moving on to concepts and relations, models and theories, processes and activities. Its conception of knowledge is a fundamentally mentalistic and superficially cognitive one. What is known, be it facts or concepts, is said to be known in the "mind" (a curiously unscientific place, both immaterial and inaccessible to observation). The processes of science are likewise reduced to imaginary "mental" or "cognitive" processes, which also occur only in this imaginary domain. Traditional science education argues that the same mind-knowledge and the same mind-processes take place both in the school context and the context of working science, and that it is these which constitute science and these which are being taught.  This is no longer a credible view, neither of science nor of learning to do science. Science is neither a system of well-understood mental concepts and processes, nor a body of facts, principles, and theories. These are at best the tools, and in some cases, the products of scientific activity. Science is a social subculture: a vast interlocking network of the working activities of producers and users of these products and tools (cf. Latour 1987, 1988). A culture and its activities cannot be known by inference from a study of its products and tools alone, but only by direct knowledge of their actual contexts of production and use." http://academic.brooklyn.cuny.edu/education/jlemke/papers/gap-sci.htm  I'd love to see how these bishops (all of them?) trace their ancestry. I have an uncle that has traced our family back to Scotland in the middle ages, I think all records are lost somewhere in the 1600's. He's spent his life in pursuit of tracing our genealogy including several trips to Scotland to research (and check out our castle :p). To be able to trace anything to 33AD would be QUITE the feat.  Any misunderstanding here may be my fault. The bishop's not tracing his personal history back to 33 AD, but his authority and teachings.  I am Antiochian Orthodox. St. Peter, taught by Jesus, in turn founded the church in Antioch. Ignatius of Antioch, one of his more famous pupils, wrote many Epistles. We can test these Epistles against the teachings of Christ and so on to Ignatius' students. Ignatius passed the teachings on, and his student passed them on etc. to the present day. That is Apostolic Succession. I can look to books such as the Didache (written c.120 AD) and see that they celebrated the Eucharist; not a 'special commemorative meal' as some Protestants have; but a celebration in the actual body and blood of Christ.  Secondly,   I really don't understand what all of these "sciences" mean. I am a "scientist" and these concepts are completely foreign to me. You are the only person I have ever heard refer to science as anything but just science.   Yes, that's because you were taught a 'science' as science. If you'd been raised in China, you'd have had a different syllabus.  Some people now recognise this and teach 'the nature of science' "Presently, curriculum designers around the world may differ in their views about topics to include in the science curriculum. However, they almost all would include the nature of science in science curriculum (American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1989; Hazen & Trefil, 1991; Lederman, 1992; and Rutherford & Ahlgren, 1990)." http://www.balfakih.net/epistemology.htm  Feminist science claims to be more pluralistic, and more aware of gendered a priori notions . Such gender bias is part of the very language used by scientists, it is inescapable. "Narrative conventions form part of scientific description. These are forms of words that are typical of a particular thought process. Haraway (1989) uses the tools of literary theory to demonstrate how hypotheses in primatology and evolutionary theory depend on narrative conventions (for example, casting the transition from ape to hominid as a heroic drama) and tropes (for example, casting primates as mirrors of human nature)."  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/f...m-epistemology/  This means that in the male-dominated western idea of evolution, male-dominated forms of description are used (conventions) to convey evolutionary theory. What you may believe to be valueless; science, is in fact riddled with values.  "Most advocates of feminist science argue, in this vein, that scientific inquiries informed by feminist values are based on legitimate, generative limiting biases. They argue not that feminist sciences should exclude other ways of doing science, but that feminist sciences should be included as among the legitimate choices available to investigators."  Ibid  Science itself is ?male-orientated and culturally biased.  http://www.cis.vt.edu/sage/journal/ ?The Journal of Women and Minorities in Science and Engineering? was created to over-come this.  It is filled with these biases, no matter how ?empirical? the evidence may seem.  One online debater summed it up well. ?Post-modern thinkers have also drawn attention to the fact that what poses as objectivity is often pervaded with bias, and that science can never escape this, no matter how strictly it defines its epistemology??  http://www.directionjournal.com/ale...s/belief01.html  See also http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/s...owledge-social/which has a very good account of the knowledge of science.  Thus Evolution reflects in part the minds of the people interpreting it. This is recognised by feminists who include courses to make people more aware of gender bias in science formation.  One course asks?  ?How has sexist (racist, classist) bias influenced the practice, results, and political uses of science? To what extent is scientific inquiry and, by extension scientific knowledge, objective, rational, reliable? Is science primarily a social activity? How might a feminist political agenda change, improve scientific inquiry, knowledge, and practice??  http://www.haverford.edu/femgenstudies/Brokes.html and includes for reading Belk, C.M. 2000. ?Gender bias in biological theory formation. In: Women Succeeding in the Sciences: Theories and Practices across Disciplines? (Jody Bart, ed.), Purdue University Press, West Lafayette, IN, pp. 169-175.  Two of the objectives of Wisenet are to directly combat this gender bias in scientific learning...  "to examine the relation between scientific research and technology and promote research and technology more appropriate to world needs;  to explore programs for change in the sciences and more democratic and participatory systems as an alternative to the male-dominated tradition;"  http://www.wisenet-australia.org/history.html     Are geologists in China doing "Marxist geology" and I'm doing "capitalist geology"? Or are Chinese geologists doing "Chinese geology" while I'm doing "Canadian geology"? What about the guys across the street at Burlington (an American company), are they doing "American geology"?    Essentially this is it. When Chinese anthropologists go a digging, they try to find proofs that man evolved in China. That is because they have a nationalist over-arching belief that they take with them. Hence capitalist anthropologists might well show the 'competition' amongst species helped spur man's evolution.  Is the lady in the office down the hall to me doing "feminist engineering"?  Personally I think these labels are pure nonsense, but I'm more than willing to be proven wrong.  Waxy  It is probably true that she's doing the same male-orientated science as you, because she's been trained to do science in that way. Males dominate science, from the predominance of males in top scientific positions, to class-room dynamics. Gender inequality is recognised in the classroom... http://www.brown.edu/Administration/Dean_of_the_College/homepginfo/equity/Equity_handbook.html and later in career... see Barriers to Women in Academic Science and Engineering" at http://www.mills.edu/ACAD_INFO/MCS/SPERTUS/Gender/EKNU.html  I have previously shown quotes from how women were perceived as 'coy' during Darwin's day, to how female traits are now viewed.  These things go on and we are often not aware of it. Scientists carry the same biases as other people. Education itself is a socialising factor in your life. How you are educated helps you in normalising and rationalising things. Marxists would argue that everything you were taught, including science was for conformity within a western male-dominated capitalistic society. It goes to the stabilization of that society, which is why society is, as a rule, generally cohesive.  As a final word, I'll be bowing out of this thread (perhaps for ever - how sad!), because it's too much on my plate to debate this and heaps of other debates, including on other fora.  There's an interesting article defending this deconstruction of science "Post-modern Deconstruction Of Newtonian Science: A Physical-to-social Transposition Of Causality" He concludes that Maths was captivated by a particular socio-science ethos: "Levitt spoke of the institutionalization of mathematical illiteracy in academia?s humanistic culture (Levitt, 1997:48), the underlying mechanism of which he feels is difficult to discern. It is not, however. The mechanism responsible, broadly speaking, is the objectivist worldview of the mathematical sciences itself (OEC ideology). If the mathematical sciences had not originally been closely intertwined with the objectivist causality of events adopted by mechanists in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, as they indeed were intertwined through Newton?s adoption of OEC ideology in the Principia [essentially dictated in his Preface on the supposedly inescapable linkage between mathematics (geometry) and mechanics]; then the mathematics thereof might instead have been informed by the contrary worldview of SAC?which the university Scholastics of Newton?s time might have gladly embraced had Newton given them the opportunity. And the mathematics of the ?hard-core sciences? then would in this century have flowed freely with little or no restraint, upward from the natural sciences into the social sciences, humanities and liberal arts." at http://theoryandscience.icaap.org/content/vol002.001/05zaman.html  In conclusion; science is part of the socialising forces that help you conform to a particular society. Most take this as 'normative' and when presented with alternative sciences dismiss these as, at best 'pseudo-science'. Labels need not be applied to your own version of science, because it is science. Although a post-modernist/feminist/Marxist critique will see that it is anyone or all of the following; western science male-orientated science capitalist science Even within this one 'science' we tend to call 'Science' there are no truths. Science, by its very nature can never really be certain. Godel's Theorem is at best science showing that it is certain of being uncertain.  What people propose here as facts against my beliefs in God should be recognised within this context. Most people won't accept this argument, because of the fundamental challenges it poses to their assumptions about science. For many, they have vested much of their lives in the belief that 'their' science is science. It is a convenient, but simplistic division.  Science is limited by scientists, who are people just like you and I. Most unaware of the socialising forces in their lives. Science is too, limited to only what is naturalistic. It can't encompass the richness that is human life, but only deal with a small part of it. I do not hold science up to be the ultimate arbiter of truth, because it itself, makes no claim to be that. God makes that claim.  Science is good for explaining why apples don't fall upwards from a tree, and for improving my sound-system. Neither of these things truly are that important.  All this while as science theories rise and fall, Orthodoxy has been teaching the one truth. It doesn't contradict itself. It teaches one truth; one dealing with the most important endeavour a human can ever under-take; a journey to God.    PS I congratulate your female colleague, she went through a lot to get where she is.
Close_Slave_Can, I thank you for your opinion  I have cited various studies from people who study epistemology. You haven't - so you've reverted to your 'evidence-lite' formula of posting.  Just saying "No it's not" is not an argument. Consider finding some evidence to support your statements.  At least you're not angry about it. I thank you for that.
You have picked an area in which nobody wants and argument. We have a definition we are happy with and we won't change it. Post all the links you want our position will not change. It is perfectly reasonable for a group of people to use one defintion and not use the defintion of a single outsider regardless of where the outsider got their definition from.  Sure. But recall just a few days ago the absolute horror from people; they claimed that no matter how much evidence I'd be faced with, I still won't change. I suggested that people on your side offered no insight, and this simply proves my point.  I'm not asking you to a) abandon evolution or b) accept God  Just to accept that socialising forces are at work behind your world-view. Such a notion is not my opinion, but is backed up with case-studies, oddly enough, using 'evidences'.  Well, when confronting this sort of attitude, is it no wonder that I don't hold 'science' up as my ultimate source for truth?   And to Ungerdunn, because he's obviously ignored it (post 219)... "In 1931, the Czech-born mathematician Kurt Gödel demonstrated that within any given branch of mathematics, there would always be some propositions that couldn't be proven either true or false using the rules and axioms ... of that mathematical branch itself. You might be able to prove every conceivable statement about numbers within a system by going outside the system in order to come up with new rules and axioms, but by doing so you'll only create a larger system with its own unprovable statements. The implication is that all logical system of any complexity are, by definition, incomplete; each of them contains, at any given time, more true statements than it can possibly prove according to its own defining set of rules." http://www.miskatonic.org/godel.html The implication is that you can't in the end, know for certain anything in maths, because you need to keep testing anything by a system outside it ad infinitum.  See also those essays that suggest that a purely logical being such as predicted in A.I. will fail BECAUSE of this limitation in testing for truth. (also Post 219) You can see this by the limitations of logic machines, such as computers. A logic machine, such as in artificial intelligence will be limited because of the implications in Godel's Theorem http://psyche.cs.monash.edu.au/v2/p...9-chalmers.html is a review of the theory Penrose puts forward, with some interesting insights to the barrier that will be faced by AI - because of the limitations of logic/programming. " Part of Penrose's conviction that his reasoning is intrinsically more powerful than that of a computer program may come from his using kinds of reasoning that he implicitly denies machines. There are two such kinds of reasoning."* http://psyche.cs.monash.edu.au/v2/p...1-mccarthy.html  However, logic is math's like. Within the realm of logic, nothing can therefore be proven. "How can you figure out if you are sane? ... Once you begin to question your own sanity, you get trapped in an ever-tighter vortex of self-fulfilling prophecies, though the process is by no means inevitable. Everyone knows that the insane interpret the world via their own peculiarly consistent logic; how can you tell if your own logic is "peculiar' or not, given that you have only your own logic to judge itself? I don't see any answer. I am reminded of Gödel's second theorem, which implies that the only versions of formal number theory which assert their own consistency are inconsistent.  The other metaphorical analogue to Gödel's Theorem which I find provocative suggests that ultimately, we cannot understand our own mind/brains ... Just as we cannot see our faces with our own eyes, is it not inconceivable to expect that we cannot mirror our complete mental structures in the symbols which carry them out? All the limitative theorems of mathematics and the theory of computation suggest that once the ability to represent your own structure has reached a certain critical point, that is the kiss of death: it guarantees that you can never represent yourself totally." http://www.miskatonic.org/godel.html  " We can produce models and explanations, and they will be illuminating: but, however far they go, there will always remain more to be said. There is no arbitrary bound to scientific enquiry: but no scientific enquiry can ever exhaust the infinite variety of the human mind." http://users.ox.ac.uk/~jrlucas/mmg.html Au revoir
Monty doesn't feel that it is necessary to actually read original sources in order to speak with authority on them. He thinks that it is sufficient to find a phrase or two that he feels supports his desired conclusion, pull it out of context, and then claim that it is you who is not "reading" his cites. He actually asked me if I had read his references at one point, and yet he evaded and avoided answering if he had actually read his own references at one point in another discussion.  So here's a question for Monty. Have you actually read Gödel - or even Escher or Bach as Kronus suggests. It is certainly clear that you fail to grasp the meaning of what Gödel said. And to feign outrage because you think that I have not read your little word bite citations is the height of hypocrisy. Even your own citations don't support your assertions.  It is clear that there is a significant intellectual disconnect between the written word and your understanding of it. It is basic to an understanding of language to know the difference between "some" and "all". Such understanding is the foundation of logic and you don't grasp it.  Ungerdunn doesn't actually feel the need to explain the difference between 'in conjunction with' and 'linked'.  Nor does he feel the need to show what he claims to have taught me, or to recant for claiming that he taught me about Spencer coining a phase.  Ungerdunn also believes that if he repeats his mantra long enough, it might actually resonate with some of the readers.  He now askes me to answer a question about reading something, whilst refusing to answer my questions about his ID, and also whether he's going to apologise for being rude.  Note too, he's dropped his 'special knowledge' argument about Darwin, based on his extensive reading on the subject not only did he fail to pick up on Darwin's notion that a tautology is a superior phrase to "Natural Selection", he's also not admitted that he was wrong. Simply here he goes on to the attack  Attack! Attack! Attack  He said something about respect being earned, but sees no reason to answer my questions, but is indignant never-the-less. Ungerdunn's indignation here, is a one-way street. Anger management classes are the key
Part 1 of 2 begins In past posts I've issued much on Marxist (aka Marxian) science. Here I bring into focus "Capitalist" science.  Let me emphasize part of what Godel said: there would always be some propositions that couldn't be proven...  Some, not all. And the truths that can't be proven are a very esoteric set of self-referential statements. 99.99(alot of nines)% of the statements you come up with in math are verifiable within the system.  Nice 'edit', Kronus. "In 1931, the Czech-born mathematician Kurt Gödel demonstrated that within any given branch of mathematics, there would always be some propositions that couldn't be proven either true or false using the rules and axioms ... of that mathematical branch itself. You might be able to prove every conceivable statement about numbers within a system by going outside the system in order to come up with new rules and axioms, but by doing so you'll only create a larger system with its own unprovable statements. The implication is that all logical system of any complexity are, by definition, incomplete; each of them contains, at any given time, more true statements than it can possibly prove according to its own defining set of rules." http://www.miskatonic.org/godel.html Note 'all' of them. That is to test a truth of a system in maths, one needs go outside it, but then that system too, can?t ultimately tell the truth, so you need go outside it, and so on and so forth.  Also note the continuation of their quote? Gödel's Theorem has been used to argue that a computer can never be as smart as a human being because the extent of its knowledge is limited by a fixed set of axioms, whereas people can discover unexpected truths ... It plays a part in modern linguistic theories, which emphasize the power of language to come up with new ways to express ideas. And it has been taken to imply that you'll never entirely understand yourself, since your mind, like any other closed system, can only be sure of what it knows about itself by relying on what it knows about itself. Ibid. Logic has its limitations. I also showed this with various hypotheses concerning Artificial Intelligence.  Note also the generalist notions that science can never ultimately know the truth of anything. You seem to believe that Maths is an exception.  If you still don't understand this, I suggest you read Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas R. Hofstadter. It's a wonderful treatment of this subject for the lay person. It's a long book though, so until you get through it, take my word, you have this all wrong.  I suspect from your writing style that you've posted here as someone else. Is this true? You sound exactly like Ungerdunn.  Now, for you epistemology argument. Most of it is balderdash. I looked at some of the papers you sited, and can only assume you didn't. Indian science, according to the paper you cited, isn't new science, it's just a strategy for modernizing science in India.  Yes, nationalist science of India is about the politicization of science for a particular governmental agenda. It says "Nationalist science policy was state-centred and typically monumentalist" http://www.ljudmila.org/nettime/zkp4/08.htm You should be out-raged, because what you believe would be 'science' is subverted by the political imperative of Indian nationalists. Particular science projects would be formulated and executed with this bias in place. It is science driven by politics. It is obvious that there is bias here. It is less obvious to you the extent of bias in your own version of science, because for you, your version is 'normative'.  Likewise, capitalists invest in our version of 'science' making for bias here. "Just as sociobiology was emerging, a quite different view of science was becoming influential. According to this view, scientists make their decisions in large measure influenced by broader social contexts, such as those of economics and class structure" http://www.stephenjaygould.org/reviews/hull_sociobiology.html  "We live under capitalism, so we have capitalist science. We want to bring a different set of values into being, to bring about a new set of ruling ideas?ideas of a society without rulers, a part of a different ideology or world-view. We want to bring about a socialist society. It will, if we are vigilant, have a socialist science. I can imagine it, or some of it." SCIENCE IS SOCIAL RELATIONS at http://www.human-nature.com/rmyoung/papers/sisr1.html  "The major political task is seen as showing the reality of capitalist domination in the apparently neutral science" http://www.human-nature.com/rmyoung/papers/pap100h.html A claim that your version of science is fabricated as 'normative' as part of the social-engineering of capitalism.  " Workers experience capitalist science with racist books like The Bell Curve and the fascist sociobiology of E.O. Wilson. Capitalist science perverts biology and genetics in order to label workers inferior and to claim that it is "human nature" to be racist. * Even when capitalist science produces useful knowledge, the contradictions of capitalism prevent its application. Millions of children die every year from preventable or treatable infectious diseases. Tobacco and junk food kill people, but capitalists sell more cigarettes than ever and open new McDonalds every day. Engineers know how to make earthquake-resistant buildings, yet as many as 40,000 workers just died in Turkey because capitalists are devoted to building profits, not safe homes." http://www.plp.org/cd99/cd0915.html#RTFToC19  See also "How Science is Perverted to Build Fascism: A Marxist Critique of E.O. Wilson's Consilience: The Unity of Knowledge" http://www.worldpoliticalinfo.20m.com/eowilson.htm which is rather radical.  It is capitalist science that drove many scientists to ignore the evidences of cancer from smoking; economic forces were brought to bare for a long time. That we now have general acceptance of the harmfulness of smoking is a triumph against those forces.  However for a moment let's have a brief look at the history of science in regards to smoking... 1922: OPINION: "Is There a Cigarette War Coming?" in Atlantic magazine says, "scientific truth" has found "that the claims of those who inveigh against tobacco are wholly without foundation has been proved time and again by famous chemists, physicians, toxicologists, physiologists, and experts of every nation and clime." 1925: OPINION: "American Mercury" magazine: "A dispassionate review of the [scientific] findings compels the conclusion that the cigarette is tobacco in its mildest form, and that tobacco, used moderately by people in normal health, does not appreciably impair either the mental efficiency or the physical condition." 1938: MEDIA: Consumer Reports rates 36 cigarette brands.  CR notes that Philip Morris lays "great stress in their advertising upon their substitution of glycol for glycerin. The aura of science surrounding their 'proofs' that this makes a less irritating smoke, does not convince many toxicologists that they were valid. Of the many irritating combustion products in tobacco smoke, the modification of one has probably little more than a psychological affect in reducing irritation felt by the smoker." http://www.metromkt.net/viable/health27.shtml Note here, the company issued scientific data to back up their claims about the harmless nature of their product. Continuing... Knocks "the obvious bias of cigarette manufacturers, as well as of the 'scientists' whom they directly or indirectly subsidize."  Rates nicotine content, finding:  Chesterfield: 2.3 mg nicotine  Marlboro: 2.3 mg nicotine  Philip Morris: 2.2 mg nicotine  Old Gold: 2.0 mg nicotine  Camel: 1.9 mg nicotine  Lucky Strike: 1.4 mg nicotine 1946: A letter from a Lorillard chemist to its manufacturing committee states: "Certain scientists and medical authorities have claimed for many years that the use of tobacco contributes to cancer development in susceptible people. Just enough evidence has been presented to justify the possibility of such a presumption." (Maryland "Medicaid" Lawsuit 5/1/96) 1973: SCIENCE: RJR report on success of PM's Marlboro and B&W's Kool brands states, "A cigarette is a system for delivery of nicotine to the smoker in attractive, useful form. At normal smoke pH, at or below 6.0, the smoke nicotine is...slowly absorbed by the smoker. . . As the smoke pH increases above about 6.0, an increasing portion of the total smoke nicotine occurs in free form, which is rapidly absorbed by the smoker and...instantly perceived as a nicotine kick." 1973-07-12: BUSINESS: RJR senior scientist Frank Colby sends Blevins a memo suggesting that the company "develop a new RJR youth-appeal brand based on the concept of going back--at least halfway--to the technological design of the Winston and other filter cigarettes of the 1950s," a cigarette which "delivered more 'enjoyment' or 'kicks' (nicotine)." Colby said that "for public relations reasons it would be impossible to go back all the way to the 1955-type cigarettes." 1996-10-17: Researchers disclose molecular link between a substance in tobacco tar and lung cancer: a benzo (a) pyrene derivative damages lung cancer-suppresser gene, p53, in the exact "hotspot" associated with lung cancer. Science magazine Ibid.  This wasn't simply a case of 'new discoveries'. As litigation has shown, there was pressures put by economic forces upon scientists who in turn produced the science that backed up what multi-national tobacco companies wanted. Thus, one scientist who was in the pay for 25 years was... "According to Jean-Charles Rielle and Pascal Diethelm, the conclusion reached by one of Professor Rylander's projects on respiratory infections in young children and environmental factors, namely that tobacco smoke did not modify risks of illness in young children, was mind-boggling and, when one knew that he was one of Philip Morris's most highly paid consultants, tended to call into question the objectivity of his work." http://www.tobacco.org/pages.php  I used the example of smoking because its more widely recognized and accepted that there was on-going scientific fraud at the behest of tobacco companies. This is pertinent to the idea of bias in science, and how 'scientific truths' are modified in light of that bias. Many will claim here that this in fact shows the triumph of unfettered science; in over-coming this 'bias'. Right now there's suggestions that mobile (or cell) phones can cause brain tumours. It will be interesting to see what socio-economic forces interact here in the findings of scientists. There's also conflicting evidences in fields of pollution and environmental studies, population studies, resources studies etc. There are the same biases at work now.  Part 1 ends
Part 2 of 2 begins Feminist science isn't about about (sic) a whole new way to do science, it's about studying discrimination against women in the classroom and the lab. Etc, etc.  I never claimed Feminist science is a whole new science, it is a whole different use of science. I suggested that feminist science shows gender bias within what you would call 'science'. What you perceive to be 'science' is full of biases and a priori notions formulated by engendered learning.  It states that from the very beginning, because education is a socialization process, the moment you start learning science, you start engendered learning. That is why when Darwinists believed that women were 'coy' they found the evidence (already cited) to show that women are coy. When we believe that women are more 'active' in society, they find evidence that suggest, even at the level of the 'egg' women are more active. Why do you think this is so?  Thus what you call 'science' should in fact be called 'male dominated science'. It is one version of many many different sciences.  Marxist science shows Marxist bias in science, just as in your version of science, there's capitalist bias. Marxist scientists will look for evidence of co-operation of early man. Engels wrote "The Part Played by Labour in the Transition from Ape to Man" showing how Marxist theory on the means of production was instrumental in the evolution of man. (He also wrote "The Origin of the Family, Private Property and the State" which continues the Marxist model into historical times; but this falls out of the scope of our subject). Engels said: "Labour begins with the making of tools." http://art-bin.com/art/oengelsape.html  "But the use and manufacturing of tools, Engels explained, also increases the usefulness and purposefulness of joint activity, of social labour. Both tool production - and social labour raised the question of language and speech. "First comes labour, after it and side by side with it, articulate speech. These were the two most essential stimuli under the influence of which the brain of the ape gradually changed into that of man. The further development of the brain, of course, would interact with labour processes and social intercourse to develop greater capacity for language, for reflection, judgment and abstract thought. The accumulated effects of these interacting processes led to human evolution." http://www.marxist.com/scienceandtech/HumanDevelopment.html  This shows that there focus of science is biased, and they will search for evidences to back up their biases. It is "Marxist Science" In a similar way, the notion of ?The Selfish Gene? is understandable in a capitalist framework.  As for your few papers which did comment upon personal bias effecting research, I already alluded to that in my post, which I notice you haven't responded to yet. People are human. Personal bias exists. People will on occasion slant their results, either consciously or subconsciously, to bring greater glory to themselves, their country, whatever. That's why the worldwide scientific community examines and debates things, to help avoid those biases.  Odd then that you don't recognize, or don't want to recognize the extent of this bias. They're not suggesting a few individual scientists here and there allow their personal engendered bias to enter into science; if that's what you now suggest. Those people 'examining' science are themselves the subject of biases and socialization through education. That is why the Feminist critiques show that gender bias in embedded in science.  Frankly, I suspect what you're doing here is similar to what you did with Godel's theorem. You're throwing up chaff, in an attempt to distract people from a subject you don't want to discuss. I don't know if you actually believe anything you've said about the above or not, it really doesn't matter. It's all just an aside from the issue I raised here: http://www.4forums.com/political/sh...6&postcount=242  So please, stop the delaying tactics.  No I think you can say that there is 'some bias' in science and that's the end. You have dozens of studies in bias, and for you, it's only a few bad eggs, and even they're weeded out by some people obviously immune to (social, cultural, economic, political, gender) bias. I don't agree with all the political bias of the sites I cited, however they are enough for me to show me that science is not homogenous as you and others here want to believe.  I have showed systemic biases as evidenced by Marxist critiques of capitalist science, capitalist critiques of Marxist science, and feminist critiques of both. There is systemic bias in nationalistic sciences. There are economic biases that are clearly shown in the case of smoking, and less clear, but still real in other current issues - such as cellular phones causing tumours.  Where does science say we come from? Well, perhaps you believe that evolutionary science is immune from all these biases. Well, here I've shown Marxist versions of evolution, and capitalist versions of evolution. I?ve stated 19th century sexist notions of the development of female characteristics compared to current more egalitarian notions.  For you it is a simple belief that there?s no ultimate truth in religion, because there?s different religions. Well, not only are there many versions of science, science itself never claims to know the ultimate truth of anything.  For you, your retort (and that of Close_shave_can) is ?No it?s not?.  End
"In all of these cases, gender bias is represented as a cause of error, or at least delay in recognizing the truth." http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/f...m-epistemology/  Which brings us full circle. You've quoted that bit about Godel a number of times, and picked out indivual (sic) parts to suit your needs,  Yes, recognition that the quotes I use do happen to back my claim. You might find that an odd way of debating - you know, finding supportive evidences... emoticon_xgood  You massively edited my quote on Godel to suit your statement. Then you say that if I only read a book you claim to have read, then I'll see 'the truth' of the matter. Well, you've now had several days in which you can actually post a quote to back up your interpretation of what you believe he says. You don't. You simply try an argument based on innuendo. You don't provide any evidence at all. The only quote you used was the same quote I first gave you, although with more then half of the meaning ripped from it. For the record, I've not read his work. I doubt you have 'cause you've not made one effort at citing his work in three days; in this time you've not given me the clincher quote to show I've miss-read him. Simply saying "no, you're wrong" is not an argument. I may well be wrong, but I'm not going to take your word for it.  but when any one (everyone) demonstrates that your don't know what you're talking about you duck into semantics. You say science is biased, but when we say we know that, you post 500 lines showing bias being overcome as proof we're wrong, although you don't make it clear what we're wrong about.  No I stated that post-facto we 'know' cancer comes from smoke. You can now claim, only in hindsight that it is the triumph of 'science'. It goes to show that there were economic pressures on scientists forcing them to come up with science that suited their masters. For 50 years scientific evidences were brought forward suggesting that smoking was (mostly) harmless. However, with current issues such as 'mobile phones' we don't know what is 'the truth' in relation to science. We see conflicting theories being brought forth. Some say they cause 'brain tumours', some say 'no'. Which is the truth? This is showing 'bias at work'. Mobile phone companies issue statements of scientific proofs all the time. Are they correct? We'll only know in hindsight. I have shown bias in the past, and bias in the present.  I've presented over-whelming evidences of bias, individual, systemic, institutionalised, corporate etc. You admitted only before that scientists were biased, now you say that science is biased. Are you sure you want to stick with this new position? I'd be glad to have you on board with this.  You continuously throw up smoke screens to try to hide that fact that you know your religion doesn't explain the physical world as well as science does.  Based on which version of science? Yes, we've come full circle. Which version of science is 'science', and which isn't being driven by various socio-philosophical forces? When it comes to the anti-creation camp, we've got science discarding scientific method to support abiogenesis. Why? Because their bias can't believe possibly that there's an intelligent force behind creation, so they come up with anything, even oily slime on glass (Miller-Urey). You're wrong. And you know you're wrong. Anyone who dances around a point as much as you do knows that it's a point that will defeat their arguments. So, once again, I ask: why are you here? Why are you in a debating forum when you refuse to debate?  Why are you? When presented with evidences from scientific studies you simply go 'no it's not'. emoticon_xgood The rest of you 'no it's not' argument is equally illuminating.   Ungerdunn doesn't actually feel the need to explain the difference between 'in conjunction with' and 'linked'.   Well, ok. I assumed that someone with an elementry (sic) understanding of English could understand from the context in which they were used. I forget that you pull bits and pieces out of context and assign meaning rooted in your own delusions.  Really? Well after all that innuendo you get to the point... I'm not going back to look at what I said.  Why not? That's the topic I'm asking you about. It's relevant, because it's exactly what you said that I'm asking you about. When I ask you about what you said, I'd think it'd be very pertinent to look .... AT WHAT YOU SAID! emoticon_xgood  It becomes tiresome to continually point out your failure to comprehend English but I can discuss what I intended. I probably said that Darwin didn't used the phrase "survival of the fittest" until the 4th edition and then he only used it in conjunction with his own term, "natural selection."  Yes, you've said that. You've also said the opposite. Post 143 But they aren't synonyms. They aren't always used in conjunction. I pointed out to you that evolutionary biologists don't use the phrase. You are easily confused. Darwin used the phrase because it had come into common use, but he always linked it to his term, natural selection which he explained in great detail..  Therefore, my question remains... What, to you, is the difference between always using something in conjunction, and always linking them?  Further to that, are you trying to be sneaky? Why do you rely here on the 4th ed, and not on the later one which has Darwin preferring "Survival of the Fittest"? Is there an even later edition you know of where he recants and says "Go back to the 4th ed."? To you that statment (sic) became a claim by me that Darwin never used the phrase. Clearly you had considerable trouble in understanding simple English. Yes, you'd think it a dead issue. This would now be the third time we've dealt with this one! You're a sore winner emoticon_xgood If you actually understood what I said, then the alternative is a deliberate attempt at deceit. Since a lie would have been so easy to disprove, I can only assume it is a problem with English. It is called 'a mistake' something you're incapable of admitting too. Attack! Attack! Attack! I note you've not shown any remorse for your own vulgarity. You then repeat that you've taught me something...  But I digress. At one point I even quoted every case in Chapter IV (the chapter from which you pulled your one out of context cite) where Darwin used the phrase, "survival of the fittest," and showed that he always made reference to natural selection in conjunction with that use. In other words, he linked both phrases gramatically (sic), usually with the conjunction "or." So it should be clear from reading what I said that my intent was to indicate that Darwin NEVER used the phrase "survival of the fittest" without also making a reference to natural selection. Perhaps you if you knew that the verb "conjoin" means to link together, in this case Darwin linked them gramatically (sic), usually with "or". He used them in conjunction, i.e., linked together. The ideas are really quite simple.  Then why, in Post 143 would you state that they aren't always used in conjunction, but always 'linked'? What to you, is the difference?  By the way, the word "or" is a conjunction. So it should have been pretty clear to anyone with a basic understanding of English grammar what I was talking about, although it's getting to the point where actual comprehension on your part isn't expected anymore. In spite of your arguments in other threads, "or" is a conjunction and not a noun, even though it is used in the title of the movie, "Dr. Strangelove or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb." Thanks for sharing that with us, Lurch. emoticon_xgood  Nor does he feel the need to show what he claims to have taught me, or to recant for claiming that he taught me about Spencer coining a phase.   Certainly. In post #113 on page 8 I informed you of that fact. You incorrectly tried to link Darwinism and Hitler rather than more correctly linking Spencer and Hitler. Hitler misused Spencer's economic theory. But you didn't know that until I pointed it out to you.  Clearly you thought you'd taught me this concept. Post 165 I showed where I made the acknowledgement of Spencer which pre-date your claim to have taught me at post #113 of the current thread...Why you'd repeat such a falsehood?  Post 41 of "Another mistake?" Post title: "Survival of the Fittest in an historical context" "Survival of the Fittest" was a term first coined by pioneer sociologist Herbert Spencer http://www2.truman.edu/~rgraber/cultev/spencer.html   Post 9 of "The many faces of science" Herbert Spencer had already coined the phrase "Survival of the Fittest".  Post 51 of "The Many Faces of Science" Anyway, Herbert Spencer did come up with the tautology, however, importantly, Darwin adopted it for later editions of his books... so again everyone gets the blame, except for Darwin.  Why do you think making the same false claim now would be right? To use your terminology; "That wouldn't be a lie, would it?" emoticon_xgood Why don't you admit to your obvious mistake here? Quite clearly these pre-date your lesson. Yet you believe that if you persist with an obvious false claim (of education), that it will somehow be more credible(!?)  You also claimed to have 'taught' me something else, which you've not specified. I note you've had several opportunities to invent this, but you've not come up with anything other then repetition of the claim.  You might notice that on that page I also explained to you the basics of Darwinism. You continually claim that I haven't. In other posts I also quoted letters of Darwin to Wallace that show that you are wrong. Yes, you re-edited Darwin's letter. Post 182 you essentially showed his objection to be...  "It is, however, a great objection to this term [survival of the fittest] that it cannot be used as a substantive governing a verb; and that this is a real objection I infer from H. Spencer continually using the words, natural selection. That is, his objection rests solely on its limited use in English. He goes on to say that the term 'Natural Selection' is weak, and wishes that he had been urged to use "Survival of the Fittest" two months earlier, which is before he published his next edition of Origins!! (see http://pages.britishlibrary.net/cha...etters2_04.html) which is why by the time of the 6th edition, he prefers the term "Survival of the Fittest" over "Natural Selection"   Sadly, you fail to admit your error and realize that any science that contradicts your mythology is not to blame for Hitler. Where have I blamed Darwin for Hitler? Post 146 I made it clear that Darwin did not advocate genocide. I blame Darwinism I have suggested that "Survival of the Fittest" which is at the heart of Natural Selection is also an idea the Nazis used. They took 'Survival of the Fittest" as a means of justifying their war on 'lesser-races' (also a Darwin-family contribution) "Further on in his Descent, Darwin elaborates on this theme describing his dream of a future for mankind when the black races of man, as well as the mountain gorilla of Africa, will hopefully become extinct, thus enhancing the chances for the evolutionary advancement of the more "civilized" races of man: "At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace, the savage races throughout the world. At the same time the anthropomorphous apes, as Professor Schaaffhausen has remarked, will no doubt be exterminated. The break between man and his nearest allies will then be wider, for it will intervene between man in a more civilized state, as we may hope, even than the Caucasian, and some ape as low as a baboon, instead of as now between the negro or Australian and the gorilla." (Descent of Man, Chapter Six: On the Affinities and Genealogy of Man, On the Birthplace and Antiquity of Man)" http://www.thedarwinpapers.com/olds...apers12HTML.htm or http://www.infidels.org/library/his...ent_of_man.html  "The result of all racial crossing is therefore in brief always the following:  Lowering of the level of the higher race; Physical and intellectual regression and hence the beginning of a slowly but surely progressing sickness." Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf: Volume One - A Reckoning Chapter XI: Nation and Race" http://www.hitler.org/writings/Mein_Kampf/mkv1ch11.html  "A central theme of Hitler's thinking was the concept of struggle. In the nineteenth century the naturalist Charles Darwin had explained how in the world of nature when the environment changed some of the species with favourable variations survived better that others. Darwin called this ?natural selection".  Social Darwinism was a concept that emerged later in the nineteenth century suggesting that what applied to nature could also apply to human society "that the strong prevail over the weak, that superior races prevail over inferior races. This concept with its theme of struggle and survival of the fittest appealed to Hitler. "Struggle" wrote Hitler "is the father of all things".He who wants to live must fight and who does not want to fight in this world where external struggle is the law of life has no right to exist". http://www.planetpapers.com/Assets/3197.php  Nazi governmental policy was openly influenced by Darwinism, the Zeitgeist of both science and educated society of the time Stein, G., Biological science and the roots of Nazism, American Scientist 76(1):50?58, 1988. quoted at http://www.trueorigin.org/holocaust.asp  This conclusion has justified a wide variety of governmental and scientific policies, not the least infamous were racial genocide programs. Gould, Stephen Jay, 1981. The Mismeasure of Man, W. W. Norton Co., New York. Schleuncs, Karl A., 1970. The Twisted Road to Auschwitz, University of Illinois Press, Urbana, Illinois, pp. 147-149. quoted at http://www.biblebelievers.net/Creat...ce/kjcevol1.htm  By the way, you never did respond to similar logic about Christian Nazism. Hitler was a Christian and always proclaimed to be doing his Christian duty in his attempts to exterminate the Jews. To your way of thinking, Jesus must therefore be at fault for the Holocaust. You keep ducking this question (can't blame you), probably because you realize that a logical response would undermine your own position on Darwinism. Yes, you've made this sweeping statement. Have you got any Christian doctrine in mind? Please give references from Scripture; any version of the Bible.  Ungerdunn also believes that if he repeats his mantra long enough, it might actually resonate with some of the readers.  Not sure what you are talking about. Perhaps it is that responding to your constant failure to educate yourself before speaking sounds like a mantra.  You have now two mantras. One is that you believe I don't understand English. The other, equally false is that you taught me about Spencer's coining of "Survival of the Fittest" emoticon_xgood He now asks me to answer a question about reading something, whilst refusing to answer my questions about his ID, and also whether he's going to apologise for being rude.   Yes. I asked if you had read Gödel or any of the other sources cited by Kronus. Kronous mentions a book. He suggests that somewhere in that book is the proof of his 'just-so' argument. You've given a very liberal definition here of 'citation'. emoticon_xgood  I also asked if you had read the pages that you cited. It seems not. I do notice that you don't actually cite any authoritative source - just a line or two from some internet site. And isn't it strange that when one actually reads the pages you cite it is apparent that you are wrong. The site doesn't say what you claim. Take page Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem that you cited. I gave you three statements of the theorem from that page, all of which contradict what you claim.  I believe you are referring to Post225 ...within any given branch of mathematics, there would always be some propositions that couldn't be proven either true or false using the rules and axioms ... of that mathematical branch itself.  ...within a rigidly logical system...propositions can be formulated that are undecidable or undemonstrable within the axioms of the system.  ...given any consistent set of arithmetical axioms, there are true mathematical statements that cannot be derived from the set.  Not only have you tried massive re-edits, and not shown which of my sources you've quoted, but you still fail to get 'it'. I've stated that within any system, ultimately something can't be known. What you missed is that in order to know something, you must go out of that system into a system which, of itself, must also logically never be able to know for certain. SO, you need to go outside it, and so on ad infinitum - the end result is that no maths systems can, in the end be truly known to be accurate. That's what my oft cited source says!  And what do questions about my ID have to do with whether or not you have read you own sources, or any source? Why is my ID meaningful as to whether you can speak about Darwinism without having read Darwin? Why is it meaningful to your failure to have read Gödel?  So, are you trying to hide something then? Mmm, sounds like it. I asked you this question BEFORE you asked me about Godel. Pertinent then that you feel happy to ignore my questions, then, if I don't answer yours, it must 'mean something'. emoticon_xgood  Note too, he's dropped his 'special knowledge' argument about Darwin, based on his extensive reading on the subject not only did he fail to pick up on Darwin's notion that a tautology is a superior phrase to "Natural Selection", he's also not admitted that he was wrong. Simply here he goes on to the attack Attack! Attack! Attack!   Pointing out your errors is not an attack.  Please tell me how attempting to re-work quotes helps your case?  If you are so sensitive that you feel that opposing opinions are attacks, perhaps you shouldn't be posting here. And I made no arguments about special knowledge of anything. I only pointed out that you were wrong because you seem to lack the integrity to actually educate yourself before you claim expertise. If you feel that actually reading the books one cites before discussing what the author meant, then yes, I have special knowledge. It is at least special as far as you are concerned.  You have claimed a special knowledge; that if I read and understand all of Darwin, I'll be able to reason away his saying that he prefers a tautology over "Natural Selection". You must have a special insight to be able to determine that when Darwin says he prefers it, he actually means the complete opposite emoticon_xgood You've yet to show me how you've come to this special understanding.  As for the fact that the phrase "survival of the fittest" being a tautology, I also pointed that out to you. It was clear that you didn't even understand what a tautology was by your answer. You still haven't grasped the fact that it is the phrase that expresses a tautology and not Darwin's theories. You even seem to believe that name "natural selection" is a tautology and have failed to show why. Your claim that since Darwin linked (in a gramatical (sic) structure where the two words were joined by the conjunction "or") the two phrases, that somehow the phrase "natural selection" is also a tautology. You have again opened your mouth without understanding what you were saying - once again because of a faulty grasp of basic English.  He makes them, through conjoining/lining them synonymous; that he does so 'always' as you agree. He also prefers a tautology to "Natural Selection" thinking it a better phrase.
@Montalban  On what basis do you accuse people of thinking science contains ultimate truth. The only evidence you seem to present is that we reject your idea that bias totally ruins all science. Wether you intended it or not your arguments are clearly saying that science is totally ruined by bias. This is very different to saying that science has bias. We agree that bias creeps into science but we reject your proposition that bias ruins all science. If you did not mean to say that you should have chosen your words carefully because three people think you are clearly saying bias ruins all science.  You continually put your version of scientific truth up against 'the truth' of God - you've done so in this forum a few times, so have some others, who say that I will ignore all of your evidences etc., regardless of the cadre of scientists who are in agreement.  I don't suggest that bias 'creeps in' at all. (though it can), I've cited sites to show bias is institutionalised and made normative through the socialising process of science education
 I blame Darwinism  Silly. Hitler had nothing to do with either Darwin or Darwinism.   Not true, Darwin believe "Survival of the Fittest" was a better term for his theory. I posted links to connect "Survival of the Fittest" to Hitler. You made some vague association about Christianity and Hitler. You need to give a reference from Christ, and how it's used by Hitler.  Hitler misapplied the social theories of Spencer,  Show me, how he misapplied Darwinism or Spencer, using science and not philosophy.   a man that you didn't know existed until I told you about him  This has twice been shown to be a fiction created by your own ego. How do you explain posts where I recognise this link that predate by months the creation of this thread?  I have suggested that "Survival of the Fittest" which is at the heart of Natural Selection is also an idea the Nazis used.    No you didn't. You said that "survival of the fittest" was at the heart of Darwinism. You weren't aware that Darwin actually proposed 5 separate theories of evolution that together comprise Darwinsim (sic) until I told you. And now you are still making the bogus claim about Nazis.  You've yet to show my claim about the Nazis is bogus except by you saying 'its bogus'. I provided many pieces of evidence wherein other people are drawing the same conclusion. Your evidence is two fold a) no it isn't and b) he has links to Christianity. (which is irrelevant anyway, because even if he used Christian teachings, it's not exclusive to using Darwinist notions either)   So did you. Would you like some quotes from Hitler about doing his Christian duty? You haven't shown where Hitler quoted Darwin. I guess it is a question that you can't answer (or don't understand). It's really quite simple. Hitler claimed to be doing his Christian duty. Why isn't Christianity to blame?  So you're saying your defence of a sweeping statement is a sweeping statement?  I never said he quoted Darwin. I said he used Darwinism. see Nazi governmental policy was openly influenced by Darwinism, the Zeitgeist of both science and educated society of the time Stein, G., Biological science and the roots of Nazism, American Scientist 76(1):50?58, 1988. quoted at http://www.trueorigin.org/holocaust.asp  Why isn't Christianity to blame - well show me the quotes from Christ.   One is that you believe I don't understand English. The other, equally false is that you taught me about Spencer's coining of "Survival of the Fittest"  The first is clear from your own misunderstanding of simple English. Show that it is other wise. We've already discussed the difference between "Darwin always used 'survival of the fittest' in conjunction with a reference to natural selection" and "Darwin did not always use natural selection in conjunction with "survival of the fittest." It is really a matter of quite simple English. While all dogs are vertebrates, not all vertebrates are dogs. I have tried to explain such simple concepts to you before. You just seem to have a problem with basic English grammar.  Nice re-construction. You actually said that they're always used in conjunction, then, they're not always used in conjunction, but that they're always linked. Your association about dogs and verterbrates; is that applied to the words 'conjunction' and 'link'. Are you saying that not all conjunctions are links, but all links are conjunctions? Kronous mentions a book.  A lie. Kronus asked if you had read Gödel or two other mathematicians and them suggested a book for you to read to educate yourself.  No, he mentioned a book. He gave the title, for sure, but he's stated no where in that book is his evidence. Saying 'go read this book' is something you call a citation. I'd heave called it a citation if he gave a reference to wherein the book, or a web-site etc.  Not only have you tried massive re-edits, and not shown which of my sources you've quoted, but you still fail to get 'it'.  Actually, I did a cut and paste from the site that you linked. Isn't it funny that you didn't recognize three cut and pastes from you own cite? If 'it' means that you are confused, I get it. I, as you already criticise, post lots of quotes. That you would not cite which one it was, and from massive re-edits, you now project your failing to do so back on me. Kudos.  I've stated that within any system, ultimately something can't be known.  Bull. What you claimed was that nothing could be known.  Indeed, in science, nothing ever can be. Science agrees that in the end it can't prove anything.  So, are you trying to hide something then? Mmm, sounds like it. I asked you this question BEFORE you asked me about Godel. Pertinent then that you feel happy to ignore my questions, then, if I don't answer yours, it must 'mean something'.   Again with the logical disconnect. What does my ID have to do with the topic under discussion? Why do you feel justified in failing to defend your unsuported (sic) assertions because I don't answer your questions about my "ID". OK. I'm ungerdunn. This will be my 75th post. I still don't see how that is relevant to the discussion, but then, I actually grasp the logical and gramatical (sic) concepts of the discussion.  I wanted to know who you are. Now that you make a claim, we can examine it.  It is clear from a reference you made two times earlier, about me not knowing the difference between a noun and a verb (when there was no context for you making such a statement) is clear indication to me that in fact you've been on this post before under another username. (even in a previous post you said By the way, the word "or" is a conjunction. So it should have been pretty clear to anyone with a basic understanding of English grammar what I was talking about, although it's getting to the point where actual comprehension on your part isn't expected anymore. In spite of your arguments in other threads, "or" is a conjunction and not a noun, even though it is used in the title of the movie, "Dr. Strangelove or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb."  This is the argument that I had with Lurch around November of last year, whether a word in a title is a noun or not. It is irrelevant for discussion purposes here wether it is or isn't. What is relevant is that thrice you've tried to provoke a re-working of this argument. An argument that you should not know about if you've only just joined as Ungerdunn - unless you make the claim here now that you've read back through 6 months of debates. (an alternative theory is you've been reading them all this time, and only more recently decided to log on - but it's funny then that you'd remember this particular line of argument). Last touched upon c. Post 81 of "So, how did they get all those animals on the ark?" written in January of this year. It is why, like then, you constantly questioned my ability to understand English  It goes now to the credibility of you as an honest poster. One who has herein already laid claim to have taught me a lesson, when quite clearly I can produce posts that pre-date your arrival on this board - unless of course you were here under another username.   Please tell me how attempting to re-work quotes helps your case?  Please tell me how lying about what I said helps your case. Please show me where I claimed special knowledge. You claimed that only through reading Darwin's work you were able to discern how when Darwin says "Survival of the Fittest" is a better describer, he was meaning something else, because you insisted that he never said it was a better phrase. You've still yet to admit that he did. You re-worked the letter from Darwin to Spencer, ignoring the fact where he actually says that he only wished he'd have known about it earlier.[/Quote]  Please show me what quotes I reworked. You claimed you taught me about 'Spencer'. I've shown you evidence before your statement where I acknowledge the link. Therefore the only way you could have taught me is if I were some how able to tell you were going to say something in the future, or you're simply coming up with a different chronology of who said what, when. How do you account for posts that pre-date your 'lesson'? Simply repeating your ego driven beliefs doesn't help  Simply stated, I never claimed "special knowledge" about Darwin. I only claimed to have read some of his books. You have admited (sic) that you haven't read any.  That doesn't however mean that I have read nothing Darwin has written. As I stated before, I don't count a book as being read, until it's read all the way through.  And yet you have claimed "special knowledge", claiming to know the "heart of Darwinism" (now having changed horses once again after showing you where I explained Darwinsim (sic) in my first response). Now, suddenly, you claim that "survival of the fittest" is at the heart of natural selection. Up til now you have been arguing that they are the same and that "survival of the fittest" was at the heart of Darwinsim (sic). You just keep moving the goal posts. You find that your lack of research makes you look foolish so you change the criteria. I hope you never give me change in the dime store.  Survival of the Fittest and Natural Selection are made synonymous. There's no moving of the goal posts. You say that they're always linked/in conjunction.   You have claimed a special knowledge;   Nonsense. You have. I only claim to have read Darwin, about Darwin, and have studied Darwinism. It's not special. It is actually common knowledge among many who post here. Sadly, it is common knowledge that you don't share.  Why don't you admit you were wrong about Darwin preferring "Survival of the Fittest"? You must have some reason to believe that he didn't even though he said he did. You obviously have a knowledge special, and you're not sharing it with the readers of these posts.  that if I read and understand all of Darwin, I'll be able to reason away his saying that he prefers a tautology over "Natural Selection".  No. That isn't the case. I don't think that you will be able to understand. Darwin lived in the Victorian era and I find his writing to be difficult. I have no hope that you will undestand (sic). But I do understand that Darwin didn't believe that "survival of the fittest" was a better label for natural selection, and after all, that's all those terms were. The major problem is that neither you nor Hitler understood either. Both of you seem to have the same understanding.  His very words were that he thought it a better term. "I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate"  http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html  Even with faced with his words, you believe he means something else, through some sort of special appreciation you've come by, by reading an earlier edition of this book.  He makes them, through conjoining/lining (sic) them synonymous; that he does so 'always' as you agree.  Another lie.  I quoted your words saying 'always linked' and 'always in conjunction. Simply insulting me doesn't change what you wrote.  Darwin always linked "survival of the fittest" with a reference to natural selection. The opposite is not the case. How many times do I have to tell you this. By this time you are deliberately lying. Have you no integrity? But at his 6th ed. he thought that, instead of using the term "Natural Selection" a better term would be "Survival of the Fittest", to be used instead of it.  He also prefers a tautology to "Natural Selection" thinking it a better phrase.  Nope. Darwin yielded to popular pressure and to arguments of the Christian, Wallace. Darwin never preferred the phrase. If that were true then he would have replaced his references to natural selection in the 4th and later editions, as you claimed in error. He never did. Never once does he use "survival of the fittest" without explaining or specifically mentioning natural selection. The opposite is not the case.  So, you're saying he didn't prefer it (even though I've quoted where he did). You provide absolutely no evidence, but try and apologise for Darwin by blaming everyone else who compelled him to use it.Yes, everyone's to blame but Darwin. Likewise, when you produce conflicting word use, that's my inability to understand you!  And once more, it is the phrase "survival of the fittest" that is the tautology. You don't seem to grasp the idea. Natural selection isn't a tautology. Why do I have to explain this simple concept to you time after time? Do you not grasp the meaning of English? Your grasp is unique, because when Darwin says he prefers something, according to you, he doesn't. When you say he always uses them in conjunction, you then change this to he always links them.  You must have a special insight to be able to determine that when Darwin says he prefers it, he actually means the complete opposite  But I have cited his letters that show that he didn't prefer it. He never replaced his term with the other, as you claimed in error. No, you cited a letter where he says it's got restrictive applications in grammer (sic). He also states (and this is the bit you left out), that he's so happy with the phrase, he only wishes he'd been convinced to use it a few months prior. In conjunction with that, we have his words (also quoted above) where he says he prefers it.  We have therefore your evidence (a qualified criticism of the phrase) and my evidence (two less qualified approvals).  You've yet to show me how you've come to this special understanding.   But it is you who is claiming some special understanding. You haven't read Darwin by you own admission. I have. You demonstrate on a regular basis that you have no understanding of evolutionary biology. I do based on my degrees. My knowledge isn't special - in fact it is quite basic. But it is more than someone who hasn't bothered to educate herself in the basics. I don't claim authority on topics in which I haven't bothered to educate myself. You do.  Then explain how Darwin, when he says he prefers the term, that he doesn't.  Nothing further to be said. I just can't stand the lies and hysteria anymore. Monty can't defend her assertions and as is typical with creationsts (sic), she keeps moving the goal posts. See the quotes I have posted. You simply say "no it isn't" or "you're lying"  Why don't you PM me, Monty, and claim victory with a few more insults?  There'd be no point. You have no concept of the word 'private' anyway. And, because you're determined that even if Darwin says something, he says something else. And then you just cry "Lies! All lies!". You insult people with derogatory words, and then when they raise the issue with you, heap more abuse onto them. Then you never apologise. In short, you're incapable of having a reasoned debate with because you argue Darwin's 'yes' is 'no', and that something 'is always conjunction means 'always in conjunction' but then it doesn't it means 'is always linked'. In short, you're never wrong, even when you present argument against yourself.  That seems to be the Orthodox Christian thing to do.  Really, you've had contact with 50.1% of Orthodox Christians? Or do you judge all Orthodoxy by me? However, my time is up.  I'd like to see you repeat your insults about my inability to understand English, and that I lie. (you don't think that these are insults; but observations; even though I'm able to quote your inconsistent arguments)
Why isn't Christianity to blame - well show me the quotes from Christ.  How about some quotes from the man who founded the party? He should know what it's founded on, right?  <blockquote<But since we set as the central point of this perception and of this profession of belief the maintenance and hence the security for the future of a being formed by God, we thus serve the maintenance of a divine work and fulfill a divine will-- not in the secret twilight of a new house of worship, but openly before the face of the Lord... Our worship is exclusively the cultivation of the natural, and for that reason, because natural, therefore God-willed. Our humility is the unconditional submission before the divine laws of existence so far as they are known to us men." -Adolf Hitler, in Nuremberg on 6 Sept.1938.</blockquote<  <blockquote<"My feelings as a Christian points me to my Lord and Savior as a fighter. It points me to the man who once in loneliness, surrounded by a few followers, recognized these Jews for what they were and summoned men to fight against them and who, God's truth! was greatest not as a sufferer but as a fighter. In boundless love as a Christian and as a man I read through the passage which tells us how the Lord at last rose in His might and seized the scourge to drive out of the Temple the brood of vipers and adders. How terrific was His fight for the world against the Jewish poison. To-day, after two thousand years, with deepest emotion I recognize more profoundly than ever before the fact that it was for this that He had to shed His blood upon the Cross. As a Christian I have no duty to allow my self to be cheated, but I have the duty to be a fighter for truth and justice... And if there is anything which could demonstrate that we are acting rightly it is the distress that daily grows . For as a Christian I have also a duty to my own people." -Adolf Hitler, in a speech on 12 April 1922 (Norman H. Baynes, ed. The Speeches of Adolf Hitler, April 1922-August 1939, Vol. 1 of 2, pp. 19-20, Oxford University Press, 1942)</blockquote<  http://www.evilbible.com/hitler_was_christian.htm  Looks like there is some involvement of Christianity and the Nazi Party... emoticon_xangel
How about some quotes from the man who founded the party? He should know what it's founded on, right?  <blockquote<But since we set as the central point of this perception and of this profession of belief the maintenance and hence the security for the future of a being formed by God, we thus serve the maintenance of a divine work and fulfill a divine will-- not in the secret twilight of a new house of worship, but openly before the face of the Lord... Our worship is exclusively the cultivation of the natural, and for that reason, because natural, therefore God-willed. Our humility is the unconditional submission before the divine laws of existence so far as they are known to us men." -Adolf Hitler, in Nuremberg on 6 Sept.1938.</blockquote<  <blockquote<"My feelings as a Christian points me to my Lord and Savior as a fighter. It points me to the man who once in loneliness, surrounded by a few followers, recognized these Jews for what they were and summoned men to fight against them and who, God's truth! was greatest not as a sufferer but as a fighter. In boundless love as a Christian and as a man I read through the passage which tells us how the Lord at last rose in His might and seized the scourge to drive out of the Temple the brood of vipers and adders. How terrific was His fight for the world against the Jewish poison. To-day, after two thousand years, with deepest emotion I recognize more profoundly than ever before the fact that it was for this that He had to shed His blood upon the Cross. As a Christian I have no duty to allow my self to be cheated, but I have the duty to be a fighter for truth and justice... And if there is anything which could demonstrate that we are acting rightly it is the distress that daily grows . For as a Christian I have also a duty to my own people." -Adolf Hitler, in a speech on 12 April 1922 (Norman H. Baynes, ed. The Speeches of Adolf Hitler, April 1922-August 1939, Vol. 1 of 2, pp. 19-20, Oxford University Press, 1942)</blockquote<  http://www.evilbible.com/hitler_was_christian.htm  Looks like there is some involvement of Christianity and the Nazi Party... :   The challenge was put Why isn't Christianity to blame - well show me the quotes from Christ.  Instead of getting quotes Hitler used from Christ's teachings, Slipnish decided to answer a challenge not put; show Hitler's words about religion (I say religion, rather than Christianity because the first quote is not necessarily about the Christian one - Hitler also flirted with paganism).  Oddly enough, on the "Islamic Fundimentalism Vs. Nazi Germany" thread under "Current Events" Daewoo puts forward the same quotes when asked the same challenge. I may have not stated the challenge well.  So, we have Hitler claiming here that Christ was a 'fighter'. I wonder which verses he was meaning? And that is the challenge. What words of Christ did Hitler use? It'd be good if we could point to a Christian teaching he actually used.  But since we're also willing to look at what Hitler said about religion, let's also have a look... "Christianity is an invention of sick brains," Adolf Hitler, 13 December 1941. "So it's not opportune to hurl ourselves now into a struggle with the Churches. The best thing is to let Christianity die a natural death," Adolf Hitler, 14 October 1941. http://kevin.davnet.org/essays/hitler.html  "The claim is sometimes made that Hitler was a Christian - a Roman Catholic until the day he died. In fact, Hitler rejected Christianity.   The book Hitler's Secret Conversations 1941-1944 published by Farrar, Straus and Young, Inc.first edition, 1953, contains definitive proof of Hitler's real views. The book was published in Britain under the title, _Hitler's Table Talk 1941-1944, which title was used for the Oxford University Press paperback edition in the United States.   All of these are quotes from Adolf Hitler:   Night of 11th-12th July, 1941:   National Socialism and religion cannot exist together.... The heaviest blow that ever struck humanity was the coming of Christianity. Bolshevism is Christianity's illegitimate child. Both are inventions of the Jew. The deliberate lie in the matter of religion was introduced into the world by Christianity.... Let it not be said that Christianity brought man the life of the soul, for that evolution was in the natural order of things. (p 6 & 7)   10th October, 1941, midday:   Christianity is a rebellion against natural law, a protest against nature. Taken to its logical extreme, Christianity would mean the systematic cultivation of the human failure. (p 43)   14th October, 1941, midday:   The best thing is to let Christianity die a natural death.... When understanding of the universe has become widespread... Christian doctrine will be convicted of absurdity.... Christianity has reached the peak of absurdity.... And that's why someday its structure will collapse.... ...the only way to get rid of Christianity is to allow it to die little by little.... Christianity the liar.... We'll see to it that the Churches cannot spread abroad teachings in conflict with the interests of the State. (p 49-52)   19th October, 1941, night:   The reason why the ancient world was so pure, light and serene was that it knew nothing of the two great scourges: the pox and Christianity.   21st October, 1941, midday:   Originally, Christianity was merely an incarnation of Bolshevism, the destroyer.... The decisive falsification of Jesus' doctrine was the work of St.Paul. He gave himself to this work... for the purposes of personal exploitation.... Didn't the world see, carried on right into the Middle Ages, the same old system of martyrs, tortures, XXXXXXX? Of old, it was in the name of Christianity. Today, it's in the name of Bolshevism. Yesterday the instigator was Saul: the instigator today, Mardochai. Saul was changed into St.Paul, and Mardochai into Karl Marx. By exterminating this pest, we shall do humanity a service of which our soldiers can have no idea. (p 63-65)   13th December, 1941, midnight:   Christianity is an invention of sick brains: one could imagine nothing more senseless, nor any more indecent way of turning the idea of the Godhead into a mockery.... .... When all is said, we have no reason to wish that the Italians and Spaniards should free themselves from the drug of Christianity. Let's be the only people who are immunised against the disease. (p 118 & 119)   14th December, 1941, midday:   Kerrl, with noblest of intentions, wanted to attempt a synthesis between National Socialism and Christianity. I don't believe the thing's possible, and I see the obstacle in Christianity itself.... Pure Christianity-- the Christianity of the catacombs-- is concerned with translating Christian doctrine into facts. It leads quite simply to the annihilation of mankind. It is merely whole-hearted Bolshevism, under a tinsel of metaphysics. (p 119 & 120)   9th April, 1942, dinner:   There is something very unhealthy about Christianity (p 339)   27th February, 1942, midday:   It would always be disagreeable for me to go down to posterity as a man who made concessions in this field. I realize that man, in his imperfection, can commit innumerable errors-- but to devote myself deliberately to errors, that is something I cannot do. I shall never come personally to terms with the Christian lie. Our epoch Uin the next 200 yearse will certainly see the end of the disease of Christianity.... My regret will have been that I couldn't... behold ." (p 278)" http://answers.org/apologetics/hitquote.html  Why the differences? Hitler was a politician seeking to gain control of a democracy "the Weimar Republic". He would publically announce his great social visions. He wanted to fool the people, he did so, even his nemisis, the communists, signed treaties of friendship and co-operation with him. In private, he let his hair down and actually said what he meant.  Okay, now did Hitler actually use Darwinian terms? Darwinism: "Further on in his Descent, Darwin elaborates on this theme describing his dream of a future for mankind when the black races of man, as well as the mountain gorilla of Africa, will hopefully become extinct, thus enhancing the chances for the evolutionary advancement of the more "civilized" races of man: "At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace, the savage races throughout the world. At the same time the anthropomorphous apes, as Professor Schaaffhausen has remarked, will no doubt be exterminated. The break between man and his nearest allies will then be wider, for it will intervene between man in a more civilized state, as we may hope, even than the Caucasian, and some ape as low as a baboon, instead of as now between the negro or Australian and the gorilla." (Descent of Man, Chapter Six: On the Affinities and Genealogy of Man, On the Birthplace and Antiquity of Man)" http://www.thedarwinpapers.com/olds...apers12HTML.htm  Nazism: "In Mein Kampf, Hitler used the German word for evolution (Entwicklung) many times, citing "lower human types." He criticized the Jews for bringing "Negroes into the Rhineland" with the aim of "ruining the white race by the necessarily resulting ization." He spoke of "Monstrosities halfway between man and ape" and lamented the fact of Christians going to "Central Africa" to set up "Negro missions," resulting in the turning of "healthy . . . human beings into a rotten brood of s." In his chapter entitled "Nation and Race," he said, "The stronger must dominate and not blend with the weaker, thus sacrificing his own greatness. Only the born weakling can view this as cruel, but he, after all, is only a weak and limited man; for if this law did not prevail, any conceivable higher development (Hoherentwicklung) of organic living beings would be unthinkable." A few pages later, he said, "Those who want to live, let them fight, and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live."" http://www.straight-talk.net/evolution/hit.htm  "The result of all racial crossing is therefore in brief always the following:  Lowering of the level of the higher race; Physical and intellectual regression and hence the beginning of a slowly but surely progressing sickness." Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf: Volume One - A Reckoning Chapter XI: Nation and Race" http://www.hitler.org/writings/Mein_Kampf/mkv1ch11.html  " As Clark concluded, Adolf Hitler: ' ...was captivated by evolutionary teaching - probably since the time he was a boy. Evolutionary ideas - quite undisguised - lie at the basis of all that is worst in Mein Kampf -and in his public speeches .... Hitler reasoned ... that a higher race would always conquer a lower." http://www.trueorigin.org/holocaust.asp   So, unless someone can come up with some actual Jesus teachings, the link is not established. You need to cite a teaching of Jesus, and show how it was applied by Hitler.  Here's some Bible quotes you can ignore...(thought I'd nip these in the bud, first) Sooner will a camel pass through a needle's eye than a great man be 'discovered' by an election. -Adolf Hitler with his twist on Mark 10:25 (Mein Kampf)  Verily a man cannot serve two masters. And I consider the foundation or destruction of a religion far greater than the foundation or destruction of a state, let alone a party. -Adolf Hitler speaking like Jesus in Matthew 6:24 (Mein Kampf)  But the people on top made a cult of the 'ally,' as if it were the Golden Calf. -Adolf Hitler (Mein Kampf) (The Golden calf occurs in Exodus 32:1-4)
Not really. All your quotes show is how easy it is to couch one's beliefs in religious terms, and to twist words to make them say what you want. Just because Hitler got up and said "As good Christians we should all believe such and such" doesn't make it true. In fact, one would probably be safer assuming just the opposite on general principal. All we really see here is Hitler's bias warping Christian theology.  I agree in essence. The point is that you don't have to have the words of Christ there to draw the parallel, and yes, I agree that Hitler saying so, doesn't make it true.  The next poster has already addressed the next leap in logic, so suffice to say that because one person sees it as such, does not make it so... emoticon_xgood
The point I was trying to get to, was exactly the one pointed out, Monte. Simply because Hitler relied on the sayings of Christianity, is the same as his relying on the tenements of Darwinism.  Science is neutral in its natural state.  It is how MAN chooses to use it, that matters. The splitting of the atom was an awesome thing, but it took MEN, to create the atomic bomb. emoticon_idea
So is Christianity. I will have to agree, in its natural sense, which has P&#8217;d off many people, not just on this site, but many, many more. But true Christianity can only come from the supernatural. An on-again/off-again stance using Christianity as a crutch is the most damaging and damning religion in the world. I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;ve seen the posts &#8211; I know Waxy has had a bellyful of it &#8211; and so have I.  I really can&#8217;t tell you how many times that Waxy, Whistler, billsco, and sinjin to name a few have been told, &#8220;You are going to hell.&#8221; And that from someone who has no idea whether they are or not.
montalban, I'm interested in your focus on Adolf Hitler regarding the topic of evolution, survival of the fittest etc..   Yes, I've spent quite a bit of time on this; it was to suggest that Nazi science is another version of science. I meant to show that there's a causality...  Darwinism.... Survival of the Fittest... Eugenics/Social Darwinism... Racism.... Nazism.  Now, as you have outlined, as time went on Hitler's non-Christian beliefs became more apparent. He was only interested in appeasement of religion for as long as was necessary to achieve power and meet his aims (like with the Concordat with Rome of July 20, 1933) and one can only imagine what might have ultimately happened had he had another 20 years to pursue his ideas.  I believe Hitler was evil. This is based on my notions of good and evil, not on science etc. which can't 'test' for evil. Science, because it is neutral, can be used by good and bad people. Because it is as close to 'value-neutral' it is a lot easier for anyone to so use it. (2+2=4 seems to me to have no moral values, but I'd be happy for a comment either way)  Whereas, Christianity is full of positive values - love one another forgive your enemies etc.  If Christ says "Turn the other cheek", and you as a Christian, proclaiming to act on His words, go out and kill, the juxtaposition of His words to your actions is shockingly apparent.  There were values incorporated by Darwin in evolution right from its conception, not least because he was trying to show through rational materialistic means, how species came to be. Such values can be seen in notions such as competition for survival, survival of the 'fittest', and the natural extinction of lesser or 'unfit' races etc. which seemed to strike a particular cord with late 1800s western Europe. I think Darwinism isn't 'value-neutral' but science already applied with values, just as there's Marxist science, capitalist science, nationalist science etc. which equally claim to be 'science'. There's so many influences on science it's hard to know what pure science is, that is, sc  Hitler also saw Darwinism, or aspects of it, as concepts he could use to support and further his racial beliefs and opinions.  Indeed. Science should be 'neutral, by itself. But science doesn't live by itself. People use it all the time. The moment that they do, they're investing their own biases into it.  Whether you believe that his is 'misusing' science, or not, is usually argued, not through science, but philosophy. I believe Nazism is evil, so I will argue that they are misusing a lot of things, including science, even though their experiments may have followed scientific method.  What I'm interested in is this: do you see Hitler as some sort of "product" of evolutionary thought? do you think Hitler would have been different had it not been for his knowledge of evolution?  I think he is a product of evil. And, in his mind it was easier to use the tool of science, then the tool of Christianity. And, with the notions of 'competition', 'survival', and 'extinction' in Darwinism, it's not hard to see why; even in 'moderate' nations at the time, we have proponents of 'social Darwinism and 'Eugenics'.  Genuine small 'l' liberals, and even Fabian Socialists such as H G Wells hoped that one day programs would be introduced for the regulation of breeding by different classes. Winston Churchill, in his days as a Liberal, was also into Social Darwinism.  I also noted your point about the male dominance of science (both in academic and business fields). Well, I think in my country at least that is true, although the balance is shifting now towards a situation of greater equality (as Waxy noted as well).  Yes, however, education is itself a process of socialisation.  However, it is a little one sided to point out male dominance of science alone. There is male dominance full stop in most areas of society, particularly where professional or academic qualification is concerned. There are areas of far greater inequality that exist, and the same male bias's you say exist in science will exist just about anywhere, be it City Finance, the Military or the Judiciary.  Yes you are correct. Maleness dominates. However, even feminism has agendas.. and can (imiss-)use 'science' too.  In the early 1970s a group of radical feminists went so far as to suggest that it was physically impossible for a woman to achieve sexual orgasm whilst having penetrative sex! They had empirical data; so much so that they insisted that even if the woman experienced an orgasm, she was said to be deceiving her self.... "That even in a woman's sexuality, there is deceit on the part of men, and complacency on the part of some women" in Koedt, A. "The Myth of Vaginal Orgasm."   in Koedt, A. & Levine, E. & Rapone, A., (eds.). (1973). "Radical Feminism". Quadrangle Books, New York, p204    See also  Kearnon, P. Man-Hating.   also in Koedt, A. & Levine, E. & Rapone, A., (eds.). (1973). Radical Feminism. Quadrangle Books, New York.    Where can you find the 'real' science?    Again I find this a problem with science v religion. People are quite happy to believe that because there's lots of religions, none can be correct, and they happily believe in science as above all that, resting on 'empirical evidences' etc.
I really can?t tell you how many times that Waxy, Whistler,  billsco, and sinjin to name a few have been told, ?You are going to hell.? And that from someone who has no idea whether they are or not.  Orthodox generally believe that Orthodoxy is "The Way" as established by Christ, and that by living "The Way" we become more like Christ... ultimately being made together with God.  However, those that don't follow "The Way" - will they go to hell? We would not presume to speak for God on such matters...  Even a convicted serial killer, moments before his execution, could have a genuine ephiphany and repent - we would not know. BUT we could say that what we do know; his killings etc, are not part of "The Way" to God. I think people may get mixed up between condemnation of particular acts, and condemnation of people. (I have probably made this mistake a number of times here on this forum, as well).
And that is the type of thinking that led to Hitler's misuse of even social Darwinism. That's why it was so easy for a Christian to become a monster. Hitler saw "values" where there were none, just as Monty is doing now.  Hitler was not a Christian anyway, when he was a monster.  He denied 'conversion'. For him, a Jew was a Jew forever; this is based on race.  For a Christian, if someone who is a Jew converts, that person then becomes Christian. Christianity is not based on race, or class, or physical type etc.  There are different measures being put into place. Hitler was trying to suggest an empiricalness to Jewishness; that it is a permanent state. He had people who could define it; anyone born a Jew, or of a Jewish parent, or at least one Jewish grand-parent. He applied scientific method to this; as they did in South Africa when applying ideas to race.  However, being a monster did not make him more or less scientific. Monsterism (in this usage) is a value we place on something/someone based on our philosophy.
I have to comment on this.  First off, Big Orn nailed it in his original post IMHO. Purported "Christians" whose first reaction to a non-believer is to inform them they're going to hell, while the lives they lead are no more virtuous, is probably the #1 peeve about Christians for most non-believers. I can't count the number of times I've been told I'm going to hell, often in no uncertain and rather unfriendly terms. I gotta tell ya, it doesn't strengthen your case or make Christianity more appealing to the non-believer, it has the OPPOSITE affect.  I think Monty's comments and stance are far more reasonable, and should be the model for people to go by.  It does seem like "playing God" is all too common for those that are believers.  Waxy  If it's any consolation, I've been told I'm going to hell! When I converted from Catholicism, to Orthodoxy, my very best friend told me this.* One of my neighbours told me the same thing; that because I have knowlingly turned my back on the Catholic Church; I will go to hell.  I know some moderate Catholics who'll say that I can be saved 'in Orthodoxy' but not 'by Orthodoxy'. But, they are rare creatures.  *He refuses to speak to me since.
You're wrong. And you know you're wrong. Anyone who dances around a point as much as you do knows that it's a point that will defeat their arguments. So, once again, I ask: why are you here? Why are you in a debating forum when you refuse to debate?  Post 261  Simply saying "no, you're wrong" is not an argument. I may well be wrong, but I'm not going to take your word for it.  I am moving to the conclusion that with Godel's Theorem, I am wrong (still pending further answers). This would not be the first, nor the last time.  You say science is biased, but when we say we know that, you post 500 lines showing bias being overcome as proof we're wrong, although you don't make it clear what we're wrong about.   I show that biases are system-wide in science. It is an attempt to debunk a notion that an argument of science -v- religion is the same as an argument of objective truth -v- subjective truth, or rational thinking -v- non-rational thinking or any other generally anti-religious arguments people use here when they show no insight into understanding just how their own science comes about.  Perhaps this criticism is because I am giving too much information that backs up the case for system-wide bias in science. I have thus limited myself to fewer quotes.  You continuously throw up smoke screens to try to hide that fact that you know your religion doesn't explain the physical world as well as science does.  There are many versions of science. I have shown bias at work; through smoke research. We can now all be wise after the fact and say 'we know smoking is harmful', but that's the beauty of science, it knows things in hindsight. Thus I used the idea of mobile-phones as proof of bias now at work; we can't say whether they do or don't cause tumours; not simply because research hasn't been conducted; research released by the phone companies are in no doubt that mobile phones are safe. Where is the science, and where is the economics-driven-science?  You continuously throw up smoke screens to try to hide that fact that you know your religion doesn't explain the physical world as well as science does.You're wrong. And you know you're wrong. Anyone who dances around a point as much as you do knows that it's a point that will defeat their arguments. So, once again, I ask: why are you here? Why are you in a debating forum when you refuse to debate?  This depends on what you limit as the 'physical world'. If I suffer from back pain, science could suggest that it is psychosomatic. How would science be able to explain my pain better than I could? Is 'free will' real? I don't know of science arguments that explain it better than some religious people can.  Science, not only can it not prove everything that is real, can't even describe everything that is real in the observable world.  Education is a social process. Science education is too. "Einstein (1950) said that everyday knowledge provides a huge store of useful metaphors and ideas. From these, the scientist makes a free selection of a set of axioms, and thereupon begins constructing a theory. Einstein thought the origin of his theory might relate to a childlike exploration of space, and consulted with Piaget on the possible similarities between his personal intellectual development and that of children (Miller, 1986). In analyzing the work of other scientists, philosophers (Black, 1962; Kuhn 1970; Toulmin, 1972) and historians (Miller 1986, Nercessian 1988) emphasize that science is a constructive activity. Its materials are drawn in part from the familiar images and metaphors of prior knowledge (Lightman, 1989, Miller, 1986)." Learning in Interactive Environments: Prior Knowledge and New Experience at http://www.astc.org/resource/educator/priorknw.htm  Education is a social process. Biases are in-built into any such process.  "Social constructivism characterises the nature of knowledge to include the following: (1) knowledge is not a passive commodity to be transferred from a teacher to learners, (2) pupils cannot and should not be made to absorb knowledge in a spongy fashion, (3) knowledge cannot exist separate from the knower, (4) learning is a social process mediated by the learner's environment, and (5) the prior or indigenous knowledge of the learner is of significance in accomplishing the construction of meaning in a new situation. All learning is mediated by culture and takes place in a social context." "Transcending Cultural Borders: Implications for Science Teaching" at http://www.usask.ca/education/people/aikenhead/RSTE.htm  That's at the beginning, when we acquire science knowledge.... at the other end, biases occur, even in the choosing of which projects are chosen for funding. Often that bias is not even based on 'worth'. See "Evaluation and Adjudication of Research Proposals: Vagaries and Politics of Funding" http://www.qualitative-research.net/fqs-texte/3-02/3-02roth-e.htm  Thus when the question is asked "Where does science say we come from?" my question is "Which science?"
"The scientific establishment bears a grisly resemblance to the Spanish Inquisition. Either you accept the rules and attitudes and beliefs promulgated by the 'papacy' (for which read, perhaps, the Royal Society or the Royal College of Physicians), or face a dreadful retribution. We will not actually burn you at the stake, because that sanction, unhappily, is now no longer available under our milksop laws. But we will make damned sure that you are a dead duck in our trade."  (Gould, Donald [former editor of New Scientist], "Letting poetry loose in the laboratory," New Scientist, 29 August 1992, p.51) http://www-acs.ucsd.edu/~idea/philoevolquotes.htm  You know, Monty, I"m looking at your posts, and there's a point you haven't addressed in the least. You've been asked why you think your religion can explain the physical world better than science can. In response you've pointed out flaw in science, which I acknowledge even if I don't think they're as fatal as you do. You're starting to squabble about what "physical world" means, which makes me fear that next you'll ask what the definition of "is" is.   Kronus; you seem a little angry. I'm not squabbling about the 'natural world'. I know that my religion tells me about things that really exist; love/hate, grace, sin, etc. Even man's great purpose in life is explained. I know that science doesn't touch these things, it can't. The reason I dwell on the idea of 'natural' world, because I fear that you're going to adjudge anything that can't be measured by science as not 'natural'; viz. 'love' etc. You go on about science being this great describer, but it's of such a limited scope. Man is far more then chemicals interacting...  "Your joys and your sorrows, your memories and ambitions, your sense of personal identity and free will are in fact no more than the behaviour of a vast assembly of nerve cells and their associated molecules" - Francis Crick (quoted in Carroll, V, & Shiflett, D "Christianity on Trial", p83).  Science reduces us to almost nothingness. Tell me how you think that science is better when all it can do is use a tape-measure to give a two dimensional account of a world inhabited with love, art, truth, honesty etc?   However, you have yet to say anything about why your religion has any credibility when describing the physical world at all. Unless your church was founded by some scientific order of monks and you neglected to mention this, I don't see anything that would make me believe that the founders of your church knew anything about how the world works in a physical sense.  I have stated that my church does not base itself on the limiting constraints of science. While some people are out there measuring the dimensions of a square, Orthodox contemplate much more meaningful things. If anything, this is why I'm not a creationist (because this word has the context of someone using science to debunk evolution).  I note too you argued that I am wrong, that everyone on this thread seems to be aware of some truth; but I, alone can not. Simply ignoring the many sources I've cited; re: the bias of science, the social process of (science) education, etc is a comforting thing for some; such as the notion that the science you follow [i]is]/i] science.   The Bible's a great book if you want to study philosophy, ethics, or spirituality, but it's not a science textbook.  No kidding?  It says almost nothing about physics, chemistry, or biology. Those simply aren't fields of study that religion addresses. Why, then, do you insist that religion is not only a good tool for studying these fields, but the only acceptable one?  I don't say that religion is the best for judging the speed of an apple falling. I said, and you seem to have missed this too, that science is great for little things such as producing a really new cool stereo system etc, but the ultimate destiny of man isn't dependent upon who has the most gadgets. The ultimate trip is back to God. I like science when it gives me a new computer game, or a new cure for a disease (that it probably created). All these are nice pursuits, but they don't get you closer to God.  However, the problem lies when some people seek to use science for an all-encompassing belief system (usually the less you accept God, the more you need science as an 'alternative' to explaining things). Science is limited. And those that hold it up above religion ignore not only that whole world that exists that is beyond the grasp of science, but they also fail to recognise that not only can science not tell you with certainty about anything, but that there is more than one version of science going around.  And yet people dare compare it to the truth of God! Where does science say we come from? Which version of science would you couch your answers in?    I would like to take note for a moment of the anti-religious sentiment I see on the net, not necessarily just that on these threads. This sentiment is spouted by so-called 'free thinkers' and 'rationalists'. There are some who are so anti-religious that they believe it is the germ of all the world's evils; even recent terror attacks!  "Since the Renaissance the natural trend toward political and economic liberty has been resisted by three kinds of forces: tyranny, whether monarchic, autocratic, plutocratic, or ethnic; economic securitarianism, manifested as socialism and communism; and moral securitarianism, driven by fideist religion."  http://humanknowledge.net/Thoughts.html#Volition   Worse, still... the Christian religion is not just seen as a brake to freedoms, but an actual actor against society...  "If you have previously been inclined to support the cause of AiG, now is the time to reconsider. Muslim fundamentalism killed thousands in New York and Washington. It's another kind of twisted Christian Fundamentalism that advocates the assassination of Abortionists (another evil caused by Evolution, by the way), or the Oklahoma City bombing."  http://home.austarnet.com.au/stear/...d_terrorism.htm  A leading evolutionist, R. Dawkins says "Religion is also, of course, the underlying source of the divisiveness in the Middle East which motivated the use of this deadly weapon in the first place (referring to the September 11 attacks). But that is another story and not my concern here. My concern here is with the weapon itself. To fill a world with religion, or religions of the Abrahamic kind, is like littering the streets with loaded guns. Do not be surprised if they are used."  http://www.royal-ts.de/mtarchives/000328.php
"..A considerable part of Darwinism is not of the nature of an empirical theory, but is a logical truism. ? Karl R. Popper, 1972 (Karl R. Popper, "Two Faces of Common Sense..." p 32-105, Objective Knowledge: An Evolutionary Approach, Oxford University Press, 1972. p 69.)  Artificial selection never produces wholly new characteristics. There is no evidence that natural selection without the input of new genes does either. The notion that mutation and recombination can compose new genes is implausible. There is scant evidence that mutation and recombination can compose functional new genes that differ from any known predecessor by more than, say, a dozen essential nucleotides. The evolution of antifreeze glycoproteins in Antarctic cod presents problems for both programs. Evolution does not appear to be gradual, contrary to Darwin's firm prediction. The standard theory cannot explain why the coordinating genes that control the development of embryos and major features are often very similar across totally different species. Convergent evolution is a surprise not well-explained by neo-Darwinism.  Macroevolutionary progress is not accounted for by neo-Darwinian microevolution." http://www.panspermia.org/neodarw.htm  Mystery explained!  Not quite. Orthodoxy says of the creation "It's a mystery"; it explains that it is a mystery, but we know God did it. We accept Genesis without fully understanding its mysteries, because of faith.  The question was "where do we come from?" You're taking that as a spiritual question, "What are our spiritual roots?" and answering it via religion.   The question is 'where does science say we come from?' Christianity says we come from a loving creative God. Science says we came about from natural causes.  I'm taking it in a more literal sense "Where did our bodies come from, and why do they look this way?" and answering it via science. Since they're really two different questions, of course they should be answered using different approaches, and arrive at different answers. Neither answer is better than the other, because they're not answering the same question.  Christianity says our bodies were created. We will be in heaven with out bodies. Our bodies are part of us, and as such, Christianity does not ignore them. Science says that Adam and Eve are not plausible. BUT on the origins of life... "Dickerson quotes the British scientist, J.D. Bernal to emphasize the problem at hand, by suggesting that the scenario of a single molecule of DNA, created by chance, '... generating the rest of life was put forward with slightly less plausibility than that of Adam and Eve in the Garden.' (DICKERSON, R.E. (September, 1978) Chemical Evolution and The Origin of Life. Scientific American, p.73). Dickerson, during his summarization of the attendant problem highlights the difficulties inherent in the proposed solutions and suggests that the theorists actually rely on a wild, fantastic game of chance." http://www.alislam.org/library/books/revelation/part_5_section_2.html (yes, I know it's an Islamic site)  As an aside, Monty, your anti-science really is very similar to the anti-religious sentiment you cite, in that it's based on misunderstanding. Science never, ever claimed to have all the answers. Science never placed itself above religion.  I am not anti-science per se. I am against people who argue from the position that there is only one science, and believe that religion is in part undermined because there are very many variations of faiths. There are many variations of science, too.  Besides, atheists place science at the apex of explanatory systems. It is not necessary to be an atheist, but if you are one, you probably rely on science to explain how we 'are'.   Science doesn't address love, God, art, etc not because it thinks these things unimportant, but because it knows that these things are outside its realm of expertise. Scientists do science, and leave the exploration of God to the theologians, art to the artists and love to the poets.  Then you admit that science isn't the best system for explaining things natural; unless you believe that 'love' is not 'natural'. You also seem to recognise that science 'has its place'. But most try to use science to explain things that are already explained by Christianity; the origins of the earth, etc.  But, getting back to the 'where does science say we come from?' question, and I hinted my direction with my first quote...  'The problem of the origin of life has turned out to be much more difficult than I, and most other people, envisioned.' HORGAN, J. (February, 1991) In The Beginning. Scientific American, p.117  Where does science say we come from? I have asked 'which science?'  Let's just look at different ideas that science coughs up...  One of these is Panspermia.  Panspermia is the idea that life came from outer space. As with all theories this too is not homogenous. There's a general panspermia theory, and a 'directed' panspermia theory. The former is a belief that life came here by random chance, such as on a meteor. The later is that life came here at the behest of an intelligence - such as aliens directing ships to earth laden with the molecules of life.  The building blocks of life " Bakes said nitrogenated aromatics exist throughout the Milky Way galaxy." http://www.spacedaily.com/news/life-04zw.html  Other theories: "OPARIN HYPOTHESIS ON THE ORIGIN OF LIFE According to Oparin, origin of life was a gradual process and that life did not come into existence suddenly as a consequence of a combination of a whole series of chance occurrences. Here we shall describe in detail the A.I.Oparin hypothesis according to his book ?The Origin of Life? especially his Coacervate model. Coacervate is a solution of high molecular weight chemicals i.e. Carbohydrates and proteins, etc. During various mechanisms of polymerization and condensation which were going to in the ocean water, a particular phenomenon of Cocervation took place, which according to Oparin, led to the origin of life. According to this, as a result of mixing of two different colloid solutions, some microscopic droplets become separated from them called as Coacervate (from Latin word acervus meaning pile). These droplets (Coacervates) contain almost all the Colloidal particles in specific ration and having the peculiar property of not allowing their drops (though saturated with liquid and water) to mix with surrounding water solution. The same property is exhibited by the protoplasm of Colloidal nature. Oparin considered these Coacervates as the sole living molecules which gave rise to the life. (14)" http://www.hssrd.org/journal/summer2002/origin.htm  "COMPLEXITY THEORY  Stuart Kauffman, a theoretical biologist at the Sante Fe Institute, has put forth the idea that when the necessary elements of the cell formed in the primordial soup (nucleotides, lipids, and amino acids), they were instantaneously integrated into a system, a system which we know as the cell (Cohen, 1996). Kauffman says this was not due to a miracle or chance, but was bound to occur. He rejects other scientists' need to find some sort of genetic carrier like RNA or DNA, or even an aperiodic solid, saying that the life forms may have had no need for them. (An aperiodic solid is one in which the atoms are arranged in some non-repeatable geometric pattern, such as a helix, that would allow for the variation within the structure that is necessary for genetic material). He believes that such genetic carriers could have evolved after the new life was already flourishing. Kauffman has even designed a computer model that shows that when a few organic molecules have developed some catalytic skills and reach the necessary level of diversity, then they spontaneously form an "autocatalytic set" (a life form). His theory is based on the general complexity theory, which states that when a system reaches some critical level of complexity, it will naturally produce a degree of complex order (4)." http://www.lifesci.utexas.edu/courses/mcmurry/spring98/22/JENNIFER.html  A. G. Cairns-Smith's Callisto Theory: That life began from a type of living-clay Richard Dawkins says of this "Cairns-Smith believes that the original life on this planet was based on self-replicating inorganic crystals such as silicates. If this is true, organic replicators, and eventually DNA, must later have taken over or usurped the role." http://originoflife.net/cairns_smith/  "Other Theories In spite of the intense level of work on the RNA world in the last decade, there is no true consensus theory for precellular life. There are many theories. Here are some of the others ? A few scientists still say that DNA could succeed in starting life on its way (11). But even the shortest DNA strand needs proteins to help it replicate. This is the chicken-and-egg problem.  There is a "proteins first" school. For example, Manfred Eigen of Germany's Max Planck Institute says, "There is no doubt that proteins, which are more easily formed, were first on the scene" (11.5). Of course, these first proteins must be much shorter than any used in life today, because of the sheer unlikelihood of forming useful long ones out of a soup of amino acids.  Physicist Freeman Dyson proposes to solve the chicken-and-egg problem with a double origin, one for metabolism (proteins) and one for replication (strands of nucleotides) (12).  In Seven Clues to the Origin of Life (13), A. G. Cairns-Smith says that clay crystals could have served as the scaffolding upon which the first short DNA or RNA genome was constructed. A new elaboration of this idea prompted one writer to wonder, "Primordial soup or crêpes?" (14). Even more recently, another tangent on this path leads to zeolite (14.5).  Biologists Harold J. Morowitz (15), David Deamer (16), and others (17), advocate a theory that could be paraphrased as "containers first."  Jeffrey L. Bada of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography holds the minority view that the early Earth was frozen and believes precellular life started in "cold soup" under the ice (18, 19).  Chemists Claudia Huber and Günter Wächtershäuser say the soup where life originated was actually quite hot, probably, near undersea volcanic vents, where iron and nickel sulfides might catalyze some of the necessary reactions (19.5-19.7).  Cornell Astronomer Thomas Gold wonders if life might have originated in a hot environment even deeper, in Earth's crust (19.8).  Stuart Kauffman of the Santa Fe Institute, says, "...whenever a collection of molecules contains enough different kinds of molecules, a metabolism will crystallize from the broth" (20).  Another idea is the "PNA world." Because starting the RNA world is so difficult, there probably needs to be a pre-RNA world. PNA, or peptide nucleic acid, might have some of the properties necessary to constitute that world (21). This would be pre-precellular life." http://www.panspermia.org/rnaworld.htm  In conclusion; as with all my previous posts I've endeavoured to show that this issue isn't one of homogenous science -v- a plethora of religions. There are in all manner of scientific fields divers competing theories.
'What is meant by scientific evidences and scientific proof? In truth, science can never establish "truth" or "fact" in the sense that a scientific statement can be made that is formally beyond question. All scientific statements and concepts are open to revaluation as new data is acquired and novel technologies emerge. "Proof", then, is solely the realm of logic and mathematics.' http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/sciproof.html  Is this a typo? "...things that really exist..." [emphasis mine] I would suggest that "love/hate, grace, sin, etc." do not have objective existence. The concepts have the meaning that individuals assign to them. WE create the existence of these concepts in our minds. They do not exist anywhere outside of our minds.  If you do not accept this premise, then I ask you to show/explain to me how to objectively identify grace. (If you care to explain the concept, feel free to do so... but it won't be for my benefit -- except to offer me an insight into your perspective of the idea of grace.)  Why the false dichotomy? I simply point out that these things exist, in nature and are not explained by science. You seem to think that because they only 'exist in our minds' that they don't 'exist' for real. It doesn't cease to exist, because science can't test for it, EVEN IF it just exists in our minds (and this is subject for another debate), but I move on...  "AUSTRALIAN PAIN SOCIETY November 2002 Position Statement The Role of the Psychologist in the Management of Persistent Pain "The subjective experience of pain may occur in the absence of objectively demonstrable tissue damage. It is not a purely physical phenomenon, but has highly significant psychological components." See article "The Role of the Psychologist in the Management of Persistent Pain" linked at http://www.apsoc.org.au/public.html. That is, you might feel 'subjectively' pain, even without any 'real' (in your terms - because it's objective) reason. Thus how do you measure your pain against mine? You ignore psychosomatic causes. Thus science may not 'detect' it through physical proofs, but they don't say it doesn't exist. It exists in the natural world.  [QUOTE=thebootfitter]Man's purpose in life is explained by Orthodoxy. It is also explained by the Roman Catholic Church. It is also explained by any of the several branches of Protestants. Outside of Christianity ('true' or otherwise), man's purpose in life is also explained by Islam. It is explained by Judaism. It is explained by Hinduism. It is explained by Buddhism. Isn't it interesting that all these religions have a different perspective on man's purpose in life? If man truly only has one purpose in life, then which of these religions offers the one 'true' explanation of man's meaning in life?  Isn't it interesting that you would re-visit this very notion that I have said all along. People here debunk religion because there are 'so many of them'. How can any be true? I cited for weeks now evidences that science itself is not homogenous. You just happen to ignore that.  If any individual wishes to believe that there is more to man's existence than 'chemicals interacting,' then they are free to do so. It is certainly understandable that they would wish to do so. But out of the millions of interpretations that individuals apply to the meaning of life, how do we know which one is the 'right' one? Is it possible that there isn't really a 'right' one?  The same can be said of science, especially as science can't prove anything, anyway. Look to the post I did above which shows a plethora of theories on the origins of life question alone. Your argument is based on ignoring several weeks of posts where I've already gone over this.  Consider Orthodoxy for a moment. That religion goes back many centuries. Back to a time when a person called Jesus, The Christ, allegedly walked on this earth. (And He very well may have...) This person allegedly had both a divine and human nature. This person allegedly came to fulfil the Jewish prophecies of a savoir, to free humanity from sin and bring humanity to God. But let's look back even farther...  The concept of a Savoir is only necessary if there is something to be saved from, right? What is it that this Savoir was saving us from? Sin and eternal death, am I correct? But what is sin? When did this concept enter the minds of humanity? The Bible tells us it happened when Adam and Eve ate the fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, against the wishes of God. When a few individuals placed themselves above all other creation and believed that they knew better than God what was good and what was evil. Doesn't the Bible indicate that such knowledge is the knowledge of God, and not of humanity? Why, then do individual humans continue to believe that they can know what is good and what is evil? Isn't that what God forbade Adam and Eve to do?  What do you believe the 10 Commandments are, if not a direction on what is permissible or forbidden by God?  [QUOTE=thebootfitter]What about prior to Adam and Eve? What happened then? Well, here's where there is a big disconnect between various interpretations of various religions and actual human history. By observing objective evidence, we are able to determine that humanity has been around longer than the approximately 6,000 years as indicated by a more literal interpretation of Genesis. So, is it not conceivable, then, that the concepts of good and evil... and therefore the concept of sin... and therefore the need for a Savoir... all entered into the realm of human existence sometime around 6,000 - 10,000 years ago? That's really where the roots of Orthodoxy (or any other Salvationist religion) lie, right?  Your argument rests again on the notion that observable/objective evidence leaves you with one conclusion, and this homogenous 'truth' or 'proof' is ranged against divers religious theories. This is a false notion as there is not one science, but many different versions of it.  I think when I started this post... I actually had a point. I'm not sure what it was now. Perhaps just to encourage you to consider the world from a perspective other than the one you now hold. Even for just a moment or two. Consider that Orthodoxy can be traced back no more than 10,000 years or so to the time when the concepts of sin and good and evil came to be. Yet humanity extends back many thousands of years prior to that. Or even hundreds of thousands or millions of years, depending on what you want to consider humanity.  That would be subject only to your version of truth being true. I don't believe it is; as there's a range of competing truths you simply over-look I also think you should take the time out to consider what it is exactly that you believe in.  Evolutionary science can say 'we evolved', but the moment you ask 'how?' you're in all sorts of trouble. When I did pre-history at university our text had four competing theories (I've mentioned this several times before, but you seem to have missed it). Each theory was constant with evolution, but they were all mutually exclusive theories. I find this ridiculous, to consider that 'it just happened'.
Here's one of the more egregiously goofy quotes posted above:  Convergent evolution is a surprise not well-explained by neo-Darwinism.   Let's take a look:  How about the thylacine:  http://www.boneclones.com/images/bc012_web-sm.jpg  and wolf  http://www.boneclones.com/images/bc004_web-sm.jpg  Do you think that evolutionary theory is unable to explain why both of these animals have superficially similar skulls, but one looks like it was modified from that of an opossum, while the other looks like a modifed stem placental?  Take the teeth. We see that each has the molars modifed so that the cusps form sharp, shearing edges. We can show how these "carnassals" evolved by gradual modification of existing teeth used to grind vegetable matter. But the thylacine has the marsupial dental formula.  These two animals converged on the same solution to the same problem; efficient shearing of meat into edible chunks.  Take a look at the shark and dolphin. Their superficial similarity is due to the selective pressure caused by the need to move swiftly in water. Streamlining was convergently evolved several times in living things. But notice that the shark's solution for mobility was side-to-side motion. This was imposed by the basic muscle layout of the first chordates. But the cetaceans were evolved from land animals. And having descended from reptiles which had evolved an upright posture, the ancestors of whales had a galloping motion. This was adapted to water in and up-and-down motion similar to that seen in otters today.  Again, evolutionary theory has no difficulty with this sort of evolution. Indeed, there is no other theory that can explain such development.  Perhaps I'll work on some of the others, later.
Here's one of the more egregiously goofy quotes posted above:  Perhaps I'll work on some of the others, later.  Can't wait.
Why? Because you are learning so much and you can't wait to learn more?  No, I just find it odd that people sign-post the fact that they are about to say something, instead of just saying it.  I've been waiting for some time, but no luck. Maybe I should announce that I'll say something in a few days time or something.    None of these things are physical (except as neurons firing and hormones triggering). The "world" is not inhabited by these things. Only the mind is inhabited by these things. Let philosophy and religion, etc. deal with these.  Pain is real. The scienctists I cited recognise it as real. You are trying to create a false dichotomy by suggesting that there are things that are real that are outside of us and that what we experience is not real. Perhaps you will post a post that you've got nothing to say.
There was a young man named O'Neill Who argued that pain was not real. "Still, although it seems dumb,  When I hammer my thumb, I dislike how I fancy I feel."
"Where", would mean where the matter that makes us "comes from", or in generally, where the universe comes from. And that, we don't know. And we don't really know if it's even knowable....or relevant ;)  When...now "when" we came is known to some degree. How, is also fairly well understood. Even when they universe came into being is something we think we can know (we have a fairly good idea, at least about how to arrive at it). But where did it all come from? Simply not known and possibly not knowable.  The trouble comes form anyone saying they DO know, without a doubt, where we come from. Those are the one's you have to watch out for.  -mach
What about the amount of water the earth holds and how much it would take to flood the earth?
The "Institute for Creation Research USA" is not a reputable scientific organization. Their research's conclusions are foregone. There isn't enough water to cover the Himalayas or other large mountain ranges even with no polar ice caps.
Remember; it is estimated that over 6 billion people were on earth at the time of the flood. Are you serious? Somebody actually believes the earth was populated with 6 billion people 4,500 years ago? Who makes that estimate?
There is good evidence of a very large flood in the middle east, however. This would have been the whole world to the Bible writiers - and certainly those who actually knew Yaweh. I was thinking of this point also. In a time when the world was believed to be no bigger than the distant horizon a cold front and the accompaning thunderstorms like the ones that now span 1/3 of the USA would have covered what they considered the entire world.
So, you are saying that from the time man was created to the time of Noah, there is no way 6 billion people could inhabit the earth? I'm not saying that it couldn't have happened. Theoretically, it is possible... From one couple having eight children (four male/four female), and each of their female children having eight children (again, equal gender split), and assuming an average life-expectancy of about 60 years, it would only take about 17 generations (340 years) to exceed six billion individuals.  However, even 50 years ago, we didn't produce enough food on this earth to feed six billion people. Fifty years ago, we had significant machinery to assist us in food production, and we didn't produce that much food. I highly doubt there was enough food produced 4,500 years ago to feed six billion people.  If you are seriously asserting that there were six billion people inhabiting the earth at that time, I have to ask for evidence that there was sufficient food for that many people.  But I'm still curious... Who is making that estimate?
I'll find the source, hopefully today sometime on the Net...maybe.  But, you have to remember that before the flood the earth had no deserts, there was no mass harvest of forests; perfect natural balance. It was a time of plenty. The dinosaurs had already died out via a violent disturbance of the earth's surface millions of years before. The earth was encapsulated by a membrane (waters above the firmament) that we can only imagine today, giving the earth a greenhouse effect; perfect growing conditions daily. There were no "bad weather" days. It could have sustained 6 billion people.   WHAT???? Where the.....   What did you just say? Where did you get this nugget of info?
http://www.freewebs.com/bibletruth/noahsflood.htm The above is not the one I used to get the info, but it's close...  Thanks for the laugh! :-) Not that this was the only thing, but here is an excerpt from this site that illustrates the author's ignorance:  If this trend of a billion tons of water a year has been continuing since the Flood, an amazing sum of 5 x 10^12, or 5,000,000,000,000, or 5 TRILLION TONS of water have been absorbed in the last five thousand years. To put this into more understood terms, since a gallon of water weighs a couple, say four, pounds, in the last five thousand years, the earth has absorbed 5,000,000,000,000,000, or 5 QUADRILLION GALLONS of water! Of course the water from the Flood wouldn't be here today! First of all, pure water weighs approximately 8.34 lbs per gallon (not 2-4, as the author suggests).  Second of all, even if we take their inaccurate estimate of 4 lbs per gallon, their math is off by a factor of 2. In other words, they used the very inaccurate estimate of 2 lbs per gallon of water.   C'mon... if the author doesn't even know how much a gallon of water weighs, and then tries to fool you with faulty math and the ol' switcheroo ("water weighs a couple, say four, pounds" and then they use 2 lbs in their calculations), can you really put much faith in the rest of what they say?  Or can we expect the author to create another 'theory' that suggests that water didn't weigh as much back then, because the molecules that make up water were still in their infancy and hadn't matured, so they didn't weigh as much as they do now?  Additionally, I'd be willing to bet that if we looked at that article in Discovery that we would find that the author of this website took the Discovery article out of context. Even if that's not the case, the author makes the assumption that "If this trend of a billion tons of water a year has been continuing since the Flood..." What if that trend hasn't been continuing since the flood? What does the Discovery article suggest?  And if that isn't enough... the total amount of water contained on the earth right now is 3.26 x 10^20 gallons. In other words, the amount that has been 'soaked' up at the bottom of the oceans in 5,000 years (according to the author's assumption) is approximately 0.00037% of the total amount of water on the earth. I don't think that would amount to a global flood if it were spit back up by the bottoms of the oceans.  To me... this sounds like a typical creationist's ploy (either intentional or through ignorance) of taking things out of context, misrepresenting the facts, etc... This is one example. In one article. That supposedly contains 'evidence' of a global flood. Hmmm...
http://www.freewebs.com/bibletruth/noahsflood.htm The above is not the one I used to get the info, but it's close...  And, no, this is not where I got most of my info for my theory...if I told ya' I'd have to kill ya'. emoticon_smile   I'll look around some more... Sorry Ron I read the web page that you posted and I don't buy it.
Yes, Sean, I did post it, but in reference to the population of the earth only.  But if their 'calculations' could be so far off in reference to the amount of water on the earth, do their calculations regarding the number of people on the earth have any real credibility?  P.S. Check out this link for the estimated historical population of the earth back to about 10,000 years ago that is based on scientific evidence with references to back it up: http://www.census.gov/ipc/www/worldhis.html
Easy now, Haulingboat, I have theory, it's just a theory, no proof.  Take it easy... emoticon_wow Sorry Big, I did not mean for it to read with the offence that it did. However, I do have some trouble believing that the earht was a perfect tropical utopia from tip to tip. If I understand your post correctly that is what you suggested. A planet that had no desert and was ideal for growing conditions from bow to stern. Physics dictate otherwise.
Hi Rogue,  * There is abundant evidence that many of the rock strata were laid down quickly, one after the other, without significant time breaks between them. For example, preservation of ripple marks requires rapid burial, as in the Flood (e.g. lower Triassic rock, England). Folding of sedimentary rock without cracking or heating, such as at Eastern Beach, Auckland, New Zealand, suggests the folding occurred before the sand and mud had time to turn into stone, consistent with rapid deposition during the Flood.  This is simply false. Rock can be folded under pressure. This has been proven by lab experiment. However there are many features in sedimentary rocks that cannot be formed quickly, for example, fossil trackways.  * Polystrate fossils (ones which traverse many strata) speak of very quick deposition of the strata.  This is false. http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/polystrate/trees.html  * The scaracity of erosion, soil must have been deposited in quick succession.  I'm not sure what you're talking about here.  * The three sisters in Australia is evidence of a catastrophic flood (please ask me to extrapolate on this if you want to).  * Uluru in the heart of the Australian Outback is another example of a catastrophic flood (once again ask me to extrapolate on this if you want to).  Go on.  * The same basic story of a Global Flood is found in hundreds of cultures around the world, including hte Australian Aboriginals.  There are flood stories carried by many cultures, however they don't match in the details with noah flood myth. Not one mentions noah by name.  * Coal can form quickly when forests and marine creatures are buried rapidly. There are extensive depositives of coal throughout the whole world which indicate a Global Flood with catastrophic conditions.  Reference please.  * See John Morris' 1994 book "The Young Earth" and S. Austin's 1994 "Grand Canyon: Monument to Catastrophe", Institute for Creation Research USA for more evidences for Noah's Flood. [Many information from above came from "The Updated & Expanded Answers Book".  The Grand canyon could not have been created by a flood event, the geology is all wrong: http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/icr-science.html  The flood explains nothing which cannot be explained by other, better-supported means and directly contradicts vast swathes of evidence:  Biodivesity and the fossil record are not consistent with the flood. Genetic profiling is not consistent with the flood (in humans and animals) The Ark could not hold all animal life. A global mark would have left marks across the entire globe at a consistent time period; these marks are not found.
Reference them then.
I can't imagine how I can pursue this if I must grant the possibility that the Himalayas have been uplifted in just the last few thousand years. That is beyond my rational conception. Are not many of the fossils on the slopes of the Himalayas of creatures extinct for a very long time? But I guess if I must allow that "a very long time" might not exist either, well uno.
It is in the Bible, which is the inspired word of God. It is presented as an actual event - as opposed to an allegorical or metaphorical tale. Therefore it is true.  Can't argue with this illogic.
I can't imagine how I can pursue this if I must grant the possibility that the Himalayas have been uplifted in just the last few thousand years.  Exactly. It just isn't possible. In order to pretend that there is enough water on the earth to flood it, creationists just assert that there were no mountains (even though the Bible says there were) and that the mountains arose after the flood in only a few years. So creationists must once again ignore the laws of physics to make the flood possible. "The mountains grew after the flood" as an answer to "where did the water go?" creates a worse problem - where did the heat from the growing mountains go?
The Bible only refers to "high hills", and the mountains today wre formed only towards the end of, and after, the Flood by collision of the tectonic plates and the associated upthrusting. Well, yes, I can assert anything is true if I am allowed to make up new science to explain it. As you may have noticed, rocks don't bend very easily - a sudden force (by "sudden" I even mean increasing the pressure on a rock over a time that may seem long to people) will shatter a rock. In the Himalayas, Rockies, Appalachians, we see that the strata are smoothly folded over long distances. This is only possible by applying great pressures over very long periods of time, at pretty high temperatures. A sudden collision of the continents at the end of the flood would produce very different geologic features.  That is the difference between accepted geologic theories and creationist theories. Geologic theories rely on known scientific laws and principles, whereas the creationists have to either make up brand new scientific theories and principles (like the infamous changing speed of light) and/or ignore evidence that directly contradicts there hypotheses.
 The Bible only refers to "high hills", and the mountains today wre formed only towards the end of, and after, the Flood by collision of the tectonic plates and the associated upthrusting. In support of this, the layers that form the uppermost parts of Mt Everest themselves of fossil-bearing, water-deposited layers. This uplift of the new continental land-masses from under the Flood waters would have meant that, as the mountains rose and the valleys sank (as Psalm 104 suggests), the waters would have rapidly drained off the newly emerging land surfaces. The collapse of natural dams holding back the floodwaters on the land would also have caused catastrophic flooding. Such rapid movement of large volumes of water would have caused extensive erosion and shaped the basic features of today's Earth surface.   As a result of this extensive erosion (caused by the retreating Flood waters) it is not hard to envisage the rapid carving of the landscape features that we see on the Earth today, including places such as the Grand Canyon of the U.S.A. The present shape of Uluru, a sandstone monolith in central Australia, is the result of erosion, following the tilting and uplife, of previously horizontal beds of water-laid sand. The feldspar-rich sand that makes up Uluru must have been deposited very quickly and recently. Long-distance transport of the sand would have caused the grains to be rounded and sorted, but we don't see this at Uluru, i.e. they are jagged and unsorted. Which indicates rapid transportation (like through a cataclystic Flood). If they had sat accumulating slowly in a lake bed drying in the sun over eons of years, which is the story told in the geological display at the park centre, the feldspar would have weathered into clay. Likewise, if Uluru had sat in hte once-humid area of central Australia for millions of years, it would have weathered to clay. But besides the "fact" that it has reportedly been exposed to weathering for hundreds of millions of years, the feldspars are still very fresh, as though they were exposed only yesterday.   Similarly, the nearby Kata Tjuta are composed of an unsorted mixture of large boulders, sand and mud, indicating that the material must have been transported and deposited very rapidly.  Receding floodwaters eroded the land, creating river valleys. This explains why rivers are often so much smaller than the valleys they flow in today - they did not carve the valleys. The water flow that carved out the river valleys must have been far greater than the volume of water we see flowing in the rivers today. This is consistent with voluminous Flood waters draining off the emerging land surfaces at the cose of Noah's Flood, and flowing into the rapidly sinking, newly prepared, deep ocean basins.  [Above information from the "Updated and Expanded Answers Book" by AiG, p. 165-166.]  Please. PLEASE, read an introductory Geology or Geography/Geomorphology textbook. Then we'll talk.  Yikes.  Waxy
The flood has been discussed openly and it is a myth, just as "the waters above the firmament" is a myth. There isn't enough water on the earth to flood the entire surface.
The flood has been discussed openly and it is a myth, just as "the waters above the firmament" is a myth. There isn't enough water on the earth to flood the entire surface. Wow I heard that to just last week. Hey hey someones doing there home work. emoticon_xgood
From what perspective? Show me where it has been discussed in that manner and I will be satisfied.  And, of course, there's not enough water "on the earth" to flood the entire surface. That's what I'm driving at...  I don't know the "spigot in the sky" one. Do tell. And does that imply the "shopvac of the gods" to take it away? emoticon_xangel
I have already felt this hate here, but a few posts ago. Someone said that my faith was illogical - yet this same writer said that he coudln't believe that the Himalayas were recently formed... thus his faith, he believes, is logical.  You confuse hate with dismay and what I found illogical was that if the Bible is presented as fact it is therefore true. It takes no "faith" to believe it took a great many years to form the Himilayas unless you believe acceptance of basic science to be an act of "faith" which I gather you do.
One can find scientific facts that agree with what ever you want.   Really? Not using the science I am familiar with.
Just 'imagining' it can't happen though is not sufficient.  We are dealing with a miracle, and you are tyring to judge it by your own criteria of what you think might be possible.  You are applying an attempt to measure what is in essence imeasurable  I have already felt this hate here, but a few posts ago. Someone said that my faith was illogical - yet this same writer said that he coudln't believe that the Himalayas were recently formed... thus his faith, he believes, is logical.  First off, I can assure that there was no hate on sinjin's part, though I'm sure, like myself, he is somewhat frustrated/exasperated.  We can measure the current rate at which the Himalyas are rising to within 1/10 of an inch in many places, same goes for the Rockies. We can measure the rate at which the sea floor is spreading with nearly the same degree of accuracy. We have conducted innumerable experiments on the rates and manner with which rocks deform.  The processes that are and have been shaping our Earth are far from immeasurable, to suggest otherwise shows a lack of understanding of geologic principles and general earth sciences.   To state that the Himalayas formed in the last 10,000 years is to abandon all objective science and data for faith in a miracle.   To me, that's illogical.   Waxy
My interest lies in showing that 'science' has more than one face and is not the be-all and end-all of the path for man's understanding; I believe that knowledge of God, especially noetic understanding is far more important. (Often I am more interested in studies of knowledge, than the knowledge itself)  I couldn't disagree more. Science, unfettered by agendas and beliefs, is purest form of human endeavours. It's what has gotten us where we are, and is what will enable our continued survival and understanding of our world.  One can find scientific facts that agree with what ever you want.  Sinjin already addressed this, but if you'd like to find me some science that states water is spontaneously combustible, or that horses lay eggs, I'd love to read it.  Waxy
The person is a biologist, not a geologist, but claims to be able to ascertain how the tracks were formed. And then he goes to show that the tracks were made by a number of different processes, forgery, rain, other geographical phenomena etc (recall this fella is a biologist!).  "Claims of human tracks occurring alongside dinosaur tracks in Texas have not stood up to close scientific scrutiny, and in recent years have been largely abandoned even by most creationists. Although genuine dinosaur tracks are abundant in Texas, the alleged Paluxy "man tracks" involve a variety of misidentified phenomena"  Would not a biologist be qualifed to comment on animal tracks?  Many scientists have a field of specialization, but are also very knowlegdeable in associated fields. If you're a paleontologist, you have a strong geological background, as well as extensive training in the field of biology.  I've been around and around on this dinosaur/man track thing on a different site. It always seems to be the first thing presented by the creationist side. Simply stated - my position is that it is false, and has been proven to be so.  Waxy
The only problem I have with the whole flood story, is that Noah supposedly took two of each of all the land animals and stuck them on a boat. Do you realize who big that boat would have to be? It would have to be twice the size of a football field, and there's no way a boat that big was ever made in that time period. Noah would have needed a work force of thousands to be able to make that boat, and it would still take years to do. You got to cut down the trees, make the lumber, hand forge the nails or make dowels. Not to mention how did the kangaroos get back to Australia, or even how did Noah get them in the first place? It's just too fanciful for it to be true.
How good of you to be able to read his mind, I suppose this was based on science too... enabling you to speak for him.  No, what we had here was I stated a frank opinion of faith. He brought this into derision with a weak put-down... obviously there was no attempt to debate at all... yet this person claimed to have faith in the idea of the himalayas being old.  You have stated your reasons for believing in the same thing as he... you have actually presented a ratioanle reason, he did not. I can only go by what people write, being unable to read minds as you can... therefore when I state something as a matter of faith, and so does he, yet he puts down my version without any reason, then I call that an attempt at being hateful... an irrational attempt to ridicule someone's faith.  That you have stated your reasons for belief I respect, but not your self-belief in the ability to think for someone else... unless you are privy to information not apparent on this forum.  As to abandoning 'reason' for faith as being illogical, that is another thing entire.  Do you believe that I have 'blind' faith? Obviously you've read that into my statement - further to the ability to read minds.  Sinjin and I go back a long way, I've never known him to offer so much as a cross word at someone, let alone hate them, so I do feel qualified comment on his intentions.   You can take the rest of your little rant and stuff it.  Waxy
I assume by your rhetorical question you don't know what type of biologist he is. I don't, perhaps I missed that in the article... if so, I'm sorry.  No, I don't know what field of biology he specializes in, nor do I know his geological qualifications.  Anyway, he comments not on the tracks as such, but the geology of them... for he's concluded that they weren't made by an animal, but by other non-biological phenomena, or by being forged/hoaxed.  I fail to see the error or problem here? He's determined in his "expert" biological opinion that the tracks were not made by an animal. He then uses his knowledge of geology, of which we are uncertain, to explain how geological phenomenon could be responsible.  Cool. I thank you for your opinion. As I stated, I do not present these as proofs of creation, for I need no proof. I look at this merely as a study of knowledge, and from what I see is one man attempting to come up with an impossible explanation -that what appears as a series of tracks were formed by a number of totatlly different phenomena, where-by right next to them, another series of tracks, are produced by an animal.  That's what you see. Can I ask, what are your qualifications that enabled you to come to that conclusion? Or do you just view man and dinosaurs co-existing as common sense?  Furthermore, he is FAR from one man. I'd say he's one of millions as opposed to one of very few who actually believe they are human tracks. Even most Creationists distance themselves from this issue.  Further to this, the idea that he would have us believe that he went into the investigation with the belief that he'd be prepared to accept these tracks as being man-made (not in the sense of being forged), which is a nonsense.... so it seems to me.  Who's the mind reader now?  Secondly your gernalised argument about the knowledge of science is interesting. I had in the past presented 'facts' to prove creation. If I produced a study by a geologist out of his field, this was reason enough for most pro-evolutionists to dismiss it. This sort of thing doesn't seem to work both ways... which tells me more about your a priori beliefs, and the willingness to accept facts from people perhaps not best suited to present such. Likewise, I too have an a priori stance - I'm not saying I don't do the same thing - which of course seems to undermine the 'rationalist' path to knowledge)  Again with the mind reading.  A geologist out of his field? Interesting. I'm not aware of the fact that a geolgist can be out of his field. He may not have the experience others do in a particular aspect of geology, but that does not disqualify him. I'd be willing to have a look at your facts.  Waxy
What evidence is there that there is life on other planets?  None so far but exobiology studys where the constituents for life, as science understand them, have come from.   abiogenesis has not been proven, but 'must have happened' because we are here today. Seems perfectly reasonable to me and doesn't require a mythology.
This is actually you telling me your belief system. You believe in the ideal scientist - one who is divorced from his self (which contains emotions and biases, and beliefs) Such a superman does not exist, I'm afraid.  I agree, no man or woman is capable of such a feat, but striving to meet those standards leads to the most objective results.  You've raised a number of men above the rest of us. Sort of a form of idolatory, and the belief that science will make things better and better... which is odd, because you don't believe that they have any values in any way.  Interesting.   I'm not sure when I became some sort of spiritual scientist worshipping at the altar of Newton, nor am I aware of stating that scientists don't have any values.  Nothing so dramatic... instead, scientists, without scientific proof, believe in aliens, and also in abiogenesis.  I'd say that suggesting all, most, or even a strong minority of scientists believe in aliens is the height of drama. Scientists may believe in the POSSIBILITY of aliens, but NOT ONE will tell you that they are 100% sure that aliens exist.  You're twisting things to fit your argument and making false statements.  Talkorigins says... "The primary function of science is to demonstrate the existence of phenomena that cannot be observed directly." http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/sciproof.html  Another definition might be... "Science is the concerted human effort to understand, or to understand better, the history of the natural world and how the natural world works, with observable physical evidence as the basis of that understanding. It is done through observation of natural phenomena, and/or through experimentation that tries to simulate natural processes under controlled conditions" http://www.gly.uga.edu/railsback/1122science2.html  Definition #2 is far superior, definition #1 is pretty much false, but it does serve its purpose, to undermine science by presenting half truths.  Yet, scientists can be experts in the field of exobiology, that is, the biology of aliens. Further, they can harness millions of dollars tuning into the universe with the sole purpose of finding proof of these aliens.  Exobilogy is a science...  ..conducted research and analysis of ancient sedimentary deposits on Mars, to be used for selection of future landing sites to satisfy geological and exobiological science issues." http://quest.arc.nasa.gov/ltc/mars/...p1/ricebio.html  "Planetary protection takes also into account the protection of exobiological science" http://www.astrosurf.com/planete-ma...ang/node15.html  "Space Science in the Twenty-First Century Imperatives for the Decades 1995 to 2015  Life Sciences  2 Exobiology WHAT IS EXOBIOLOGY?" http://www7.nationalacademies.org/ssb/21lsch2.html  Open Directory list it like this... Science Astronomy Extraterrestrial Life  That is, under science!  AND it ... "The goal of NASA's Exobiology program is to understand the origin, evolution, and distribution of life in the universe." http://exobiology.nasa.gov/ssx/exobiology.html  There's a great link's site at http://www.galacticsurf.com/exobioGB.htm    Again, I'm sorry, but I fail to see your point. I'm not sure whether my defintion of science is too narrow, or whether it's you that doesn't grasp what science is.  The whole basis of science is to form a hypothesis and test it.  You gave a link to a few things that were hypothesizes and turned out to be false, SO? What of all the things we know know or advancements in our understanding that were gained by forming and testing hypotheses? Are those all irrelevent because a couple proved incorrect?  Life on Mars -  Observe Mars Orbit Mars - see geologic formations very similiar to those on Earth - from hypotheses based on this similarity - design experiments that will enable the test if these hypotheses Land on Mars - perform experiments, collect data - analyze data and test hypothesis, refine those that work, discard those that don't - form additional hypotheses and experiments based on new data, start cycle again.  I fail to see how this is not science?  Waxy
What evidence is there that there is life on other planets?  Exobiologists can give you ideas of what that life might look like.  This is the path of logic...  Life exists here  If it exists here, it probably exists somewhere else  If it exists somewhere else, it is probably like... (speculate)  Thus rationalisim can lead you to assume certain things based on no evidence.  Similarly, abiogenesis has not been proven, but 'must have happened' because we are here today.  The difference is, rather than simply accepting on faith that life exists on other planets, scientists endeavour to test the hypothesis, and will only declare they are certain of extra-terrestrial life when they can demonstrate it's existance with certainty.  Waxy
Scientists have faith that there are aliens... unless you believe that they have evidence.  They have been testing this for decades. Do they cease testing because they haven't found any evidence? (Unless you are aware that they have evidence), but their faith continues.  You can find some who will even have pictures of what these aliens might look like... even though they have no evidence of what they look like, or even that they exist.  Whereas, in the 'faith-camp', people have seen Jesus, and have seen Angels. Yet are derided as being less rational than the 'logic-camp'.  Your use of the word faith interests me. You definately use it in a sense that I don't, and that I don't particularly agree with.  faith ( P ) Pronunciation Key (fth) n.  1.Confident belief in the truth, value, or trustworthiness of a person, idea, or thing.  2. Belief that does not rest on logical proof or material evidence. See Synonyms at belief. See Synonyms at trust.  3. Loyalty to a person or thing; allegiance: keeping faith with one's supporters.  4.often Faith Christianity. The theological virtue defined as secure belief in God and a trusting acceptance of God's will.  5.The body of dogma of a religion: the Muslim faith.  6.A set of principles or beliefs.   I'm fond of #2, less so of #4 + 5, you obviously lean toward #1.  Scientists do not have "faith" (in the sense of any of the definitions above, including #1) that there are aliens. They believe in the POSSIBILITY. To my mind, that's a HUGE distinction. Scientists don't think "Aliens exist, I'm going to prove it" they think "Aliens MIGHT exist, if they did, how could we find evidence for it?"  Surely you can see that difference.  Drawing what aliens may look like is speculation, kinda like drawing what Jesus may look like. I agree on that one, there is no difference.   Even if you believe in the word of the Bible, no one alive today has SEEN Jesus or angels in a physical sense.  You seem like an intellingent, logical man, I just can't understand why you are unable to see the distinctions here.  Waxy
Is he an expert on tracks? Again you assume too much. You have the ability to see things that aren't there. I wish I had that power. As I said, I am arguing based on the arguments AS PRESENTED, you, the rationalist, are prepared to broaden the scope wherever you feel it might add weight to his argument.  What do you feel makes someone an expert on tracks? Is a degree in biology sufficient? How about a degree and visiting a track site? How about a degree, and years of one's life dedicated to researching tracks and animal locomotion? When do you become an expert? Last I checked, there was no PhD in tracks.  I fail to see how I have embelished either him or his findings. He has published numerous papers in both Creationist and Evolutionist journals, and is recognized as a leading authority on the issue. Furthermore, he is not alone in his work, he has both worked with and consulted numerous other respected "experts" in the fields in which he is working.  I am, as I said, not presenting the dinosaur-man co-footprints as an argument for creation, I am looking into the merits of the argument, now the third time I've mentioned this.  And so far, I judge the argument by its merits, whereas you add things to 'beef-up' the case.  I don't see this, but perhaps I'm blind to it, could you show me how I've "beefed up the case"?  He is one man presenting an argument. I am judging that argument. You are now saying that his argument, however good or bad it is should not be judged on its own merits, but by the fact that, in general, it agrees with a number of other arguments.  When did I say that? Of course it should be judged by its own merits. I hate when people twist things to beef up their arguments, don't you?   My point was that he is not alone in his work. Numerous other qualified scientists' work in numerous associated fields beyond biology and geology supports his, a million was hyerbole, my apologies.   Beyond that, I fail to see how someone's argument is less valid because it draws on the conclusions of others, or agrees with them?  As to Creationists... Do they? You have the stats to back that up? Was their a poll of Creationists? Or are you again just accepting a blanket statement as fact. Again you are adding to the argument without basis. Unless you are prepared to add in facts through quoted sources, otherwise you are just stating what you hope to be the case.  The statement about Creationists was drawn from article, that I freely admit. I've since read numerous other articles from the site, both by Creationists and Evolutionists, and I'd say the assessment is fair. It's also based on my personal experience on this board and others.   This brings me to another point - when is someone's statement considered qualified? What is required for a statement to have basis? Do I actually have to poll every Creationsist in the world and publish a paper, or can I draw an inference from sources I've read and my own experiences? How quoted sources is enough? 1? 10? 100?   He states this, that the tracks were caused by geological phenomena, and forgery, etc. He has stated that he accepts a whole number of different causalities, other than they are as they are claimed to be by Creationists.  He stated clearly, and I quote  "Although we were at the time open to creationist ideas and actually hoping to confirm the human track claims, we resolved to examine and record whatever we found as thoroughly and carefully as possible."  So you read his mind and determined he was in fact on an evolutionist witch hunt right from the outset?  He collected the data, did his research, and formed a conclusion.  His actual conclusion was that the tracks were indeed dinosaur tracks, not some unusual geologic phenomenon. There goes your beef. He didn't dream it up, he researched it, thoroughly, and brought in experts from other fields when he was underqualified.  Not at all. You here go in for the same pattern. You are prepared to give him a leniency unapparent in his qualifications, just assuming that if he has any science, he might have other sciences... enough to be qualified to comment (even though he should have stated these)  You allow him a lee-way you would not a creationist... others have done it, they deride a creationist scientist if he strays anywhere outside his chosen field. You allow it for this fella.  You don't see how much faith you are putting in him because you've devoted such faith in his ability to answer your questions - you don't question his ability, but just accept it, adding in details that simply aren't there as presented. You are a mind-reader par excellence  I wish I was, maybe I'd be able to figure out what it is that you see when you read my words that I don't see.  So because others have derided Creationists, I must be guilty of it? Interesting. Where have I not allowed a Creationist leeway? All these accusations against me about mind reading and generalizing, yet you proceed to do exactly what you seem to so despise.  You fail to undertand that his research is a collaboration. He did not draw these conclusions entirely on his own. Again with faith. Do I have faith in his ability? I suppose I do, I wasn't there looking over his shoulder the entire time, so I guess it is "faith" to believe he followed proper scientific procedure. Of course I would question his ability, again, you're judging my actions and thoughts without basis. I read the site thoroughly and looked at his conclusions and what evidence was provided, I also saw a list of other "qualified" people with whom he collaborated. Add that to my knowledge of the subject, and I will put my "faith" in his conclusions. I only use the word faith because I haven't actually examined the data myself.  Again, I'll ask you, what makes a person qualified? Is it simply a degree? Is it experience and research? What? Does having a BSc in biology and not geology preclude someone from being an "expert" in geology (something he does NOT claim to be FYI), despite having spent vast amounts of time both learning and researching the associated geology? Does it matter whether they're Creationist or Evolutionist in their beliefs? Am I giving everyone too much credit again?  This, as I said, bespeaks more about your own wishes than what is real.  I think it speaks equally to your wishes and preconceptions, despite your claims to the contrary.   Waxy
Specifically, what similarities are you talking about? Earth (now with life) is very different physically from Mars (which has no life). What do you see are the similarities between an earth-life model and a lifeless-Mars model? When was Mars at such a stage that it supported life - in so far as there's no evidence that it ever did?  There are numerous similarities in the geomorhology of Mars and Earth. Check it out yourself. Just do a search. February's (I believe) National Geographic also has an excellent article.  Where was this observed - what data of life on Mars has been found to test? (Or, for that matter, any other planet other than earth.)  I guess we'll find out soon enough if there's any evidence of life.  Is it science to have a hypothesis, and continue to hope for half a century? When does hope cease becoming science and becomes faith, in your view?  Continue to hope? That's a warped view of science. Science on a deadline. Good thing not many share your perspective.  Technology advances, we're capable of doing things now we couldn't have imagined half a century ago, like land a rover on another planet. Should we have given up "hope" 10 years ago and said to heck with it?  For instance, why would aliens use radio waves? SETI is looking specifically for radio waves. Why is it science to hypothesise that aliens, if they existed, would follow the same technological pathways we did? (It doesn't sound very 'alien')  We're limited by our own understanding and technology. That should be pretty obvious to you. We can only hope to detect extra-terrestrial life it it exists and communicates within our current realm of scientific knowledge. If the "aliens" are transmitting in some form that we can't understand as yet, then I guess we're missing out.  I don't wish to discredit science per se, but simply put human knowledge back within the context of humanity... whereas you told earlier of some drive to get beyond the humanity  Science is a human endeavour, that's undeniable, and with that comes human error and emotion.   I do feel we need to strive to eliminate human biases, whether they be racial, sexual, religious, etc... from the scientific process.  Enabled our continued survival? That's a value-laden statement if ever there was one, and typical of the pro-science debaters I've come across - that ultimate faith in man. I have mentioned that you and others put scientists on a pedestal that is just simply unworkable a belief... man without his foibles.  As oppossed to ulitmate faith in an invisible supernatural being? A being that works through man to ensure man's continued survival? Yep, I guess that's my value. What a shame to only be typical.  Again, where have I put any scientist on a pedestal? Where have I stated that scientists are without "foibles". This is your perception, not mine, I would never make such a statement.  In your defence of a biologist (regarding the 'footprints' debates), you are prepared to give him the attributes of a geologist... though there's no evidence for such. You are prepared to add to his credentials simply because it would suit you to believe it to be so. You are acting on faith... because your model of reality needs scientists to be either providers of answers or capable to provide the answers. I fail to see how this belief system is based on science, and not on wishful thinking.  As for his credentials and the vaildity of his conclusions, did you read the article? I did. Nuff said.  I really don't get what you're trying to say here, belief in the validity of the scientific method is wishful thinking? Why?  You've also made some pretty large assumptions as to my belief? I don't believe that science can, or ever will be, the answer to everything. What I believe is that science is the best method at mankind's disposal to improve our understanding of our world.  My idea of science, and this is based on my world-view, is that science is a noble pursuit, so long as it does not take precedence over attempting to be close to God. I don't believe this statement of faith needs to be supported by evidences, as it is a statement of faith.  Good thing. Ain't faith great!  This is at the core I am interested in, studying ideas. Your ideas, you believe are rational-logical, but are largely based on faith... faith in science in general, faith in particular scientists, faith that when science acts on faith (e.g. aliens), it still is science.  Again, while I see your point, it's "typical of believers" to try and point out that scientists also act on "faith".  The only faith I see in science is faith in your fellow man to follow the rules of scientific procedure. It's impossible for me to test every hypothesis and perform every experiment myself in order to ascertain its veracity. As such, I do place faith in the fact that I haven't been deceived. I don't see it as faith in science, but rather, more of a faith in my fellow man.   Science itself is based on the ability to support a claim with repeatable, physical proof. I realize this gets hazy in certain "soft sciences" and in the realm of nuclear physics and chemistryfor example, however, the conclusions drawn and theories presented are for the most part  based on repeatable experimentation, and in the above instances where direct observation is not possible, extrapolation and inference.  Waxy
You are confident that science will provide the answers. You have faith in tha ability of science. Science and progress, faith in man. It is part of your belief system, this faith.  Not true. I believe science to be the best tool at mankind's disposal. I DON'T believe that it can provide ALL the answers.  You've also displayed faith that when those scientists talk, they do so with authority - such as in out 'footprints' discussion, where-by, without stated evidence, you just hope that he is an expert in fields other than that which he credits himself. Your mind adds to the details given. You kind of 'fill in the holes' in the argument - based on this faith.  Secondly, I think you're trying to draw a distinction between faith and belief which won't work, in this context. In the concept of aliens, scientists, as far as I'm aware, have no actual proof that aliens exist, so what other kind of belief is left?  I don't know how else to state differences between belief/faith vs. hypothesis, so I won't continue to do so. I think I've been very clear.  Simply not true. You just assume this to be true, because you don't believe in Jesus or angels (I am making a guess here). People have seen and spoken with angels throughout history.  I'll leave this one. Start a different thread if you want to press it.   I did speak to Elvis yesterday though, he said everything's fine, not to worry.  You draw distinctions between faith and belief -when that belief is not based on fact - as in I believe the USA to exist - for even though I've not been there, I've reason to believe. What other basis for 'belief' then do scientists have?  I'll tell you.  Scientists believe in statistics. X amount of planets. We know one of them is inhabited. Therefore others might be. Here, 'might' refers to faith.  So, based on that flimsy premis they then conjecture, that if we had radio, they must have had radio. So they get billions of dollars to go looking for the signs of these aliens. Then they also begin to speculate about what they might look like. We even send them an invitation to come and see us.  Might DOES NOT  equal faith. How can you not see that?   No scientist says "I have faith in the existance of aliens", and no believer says "God might exist". Is that a clear enough analogy for you?  Speculating on what aliens may look like isn't high on my list of "legitimate" science. However, use use of probabilities and statistics in not in any way unscientific, and as I've stated, we can only hope to discover evidence that is within our current realm of understanding. You put it as a simple if A is white then B must be white scenario. That's false, and misleading. Simply put, we only have A, so we use A and hope that "they" also have A. Pretty straight forward.  You seem like an intelligent person (I don't know if you're a bloke or a sheila), why do you think that that sort of endeavour is worthy of 'science'?  Bloke. It is exploration and an attempt to understand that which we don't know. That is the heart of what science is all about. If not, I'd still be on a wind swept island off the coast of Europe, for fear that sailing out into the ocean meant falling off the Earth.  Waxy
Here you make an assumption again. I would credit a hunter-gatherer as an expert on tracks. No need to have a PhD. However, leaving aside your obsession with degree qualifications, a biologist might have specialised in dentition, and I would not suggest that this would qualify them to give expert comment on tracks. You simply assume that he is a biologist who a) studied tracks or animal locomotion (in his degree) and b) geology as he comments on both.  If he'd grown up in the bush, with frequent recourse to hunting, I'd have accepted him as an 'expert' on tracks.  If I would have stated he was bushman and was an "expert" on tracks, you would have dismissed him as having no formal training and not knowledgable on the subject of dinosaurs.  That aside, a degree in biology does cover animal locomotion, maybe not in exhaustive detail, but I'd guessing it's pretty safe to say that someone with a degree in biology has a better understanding of locomotion than someone without. As I pointed out, he left much of the geological work to others with specific training in the field.  As it stands you just make an assumption about these qualifications, and I can't, as I've not seen the evidence... Funny that you're the evolutionist basing your beliefs on faith, and I'm the creationist demanding to see the evidence.  Please tell me what type of evidence of his qualifications you would like to see. You've already stated that degrees are irrelevent to you, so just what is it you want? What would it take for you to accept his word as being correct, or at least, worthy of respect?  He has published numerous articles, therefore he is an expert, is the argument you make now. Let's again look to what he did when fresh out of university, he stated he was a biologist. Full stop, nothing else. He then studied the tracks, and has published on them. You raise him to 'expert', when right from the beginning he fails to live up to this.  Publishing numerous articles represents the ongoing study of an issue and therefore an increased knowledge of it. You can't publish the same paper umpteen times, there has to be new and relevent information. He studied the tracks for years, consulted others, and after that period, his position remains the same. Therefore regardless of his "expert" status as a new grad, his work has stood up to the criticism and examination of other "experts".  You try the 'numbers' game... a lot of people agree, therefore it's true, a lot of articles written, therefore they're true.  See above.  It is because you are giving him abilities that he has not stated. He quite simply says ... student of biology. To you that means he's qualified to give expertise not only on track formation, but geology as well. In fact, you've retrospectively given him the mantle of expert. If he's been studying tracks 50 years, or so, I won't specify a specific time, he could be said to be an expert... but fresh out of university, he made these conclusions, and he's not wavered. He was, then, an expert from day 1 (according to you).  Again, I would ask you if you've actually read the article.   No specific time to being an expert? So that rules out a new grad?  I pity every new grad out there, because they are obviously fools until they are what 50?   Furthermore, I never stated he was an expert from day one, YOU DID. I stated that he formed a conclusion after doing research. The results of which were affirmed by several independent workers. I'm not sure when he was granted special "expert" status. Why don't you tell me?  Quite clearly you are arguing that, aside from being a lone voice on the issue, other people have come to the same conclusions, you even suggested most creationists, but fail to site any evidence to support that later claim. I am still waiting. It is all well and good of you to try to suggest something about the minds of creationists, but I'm afraid that mind-reading is not my forte.  I'm limited as much by interest in the issue as time Montalban. I don't have time to cite and reference a million geology papers and textbooks. (As a side note, the claim is generally dismissed as ludicrous, and has received very little attention from main stream science.) Nor do I have time to cite Creationist sources. I gave you my reasons and evidence for believing the claim.  Are they given to making the same just-so arguments he makes? Just because he's no expert, and writes a dozen articles, doesn't make him any more an expert. Others doing the same thing, if that is what is happening, equally adds no weight to the argument. 1 x1 x1 x1 is still one, no matter how many 1's you add to it, it just doesn't get bigger.  See my above response about research and publishing. Have you ever researched or published anything?  What qualifications do they have? What writings have they presented? Are the people making the claims about man-made tracks less qualified? You seem to think so.  I think it's been proven. Again, I have read the site and many of the links, have you?  Indeed, a just-so statement was made, and accepted by you unless you are prepared to show me the creationist sites you've read this on. Are they representative of all creationists? I am a creationist, I don't have a web-site... how was my opinion factored into the equation? Many of my friends equally are creationists, and none of them have web-sites either. I don't believe that they were polled. I'll go check, I don't want to make an assumption as you have. (they also haven't posted on web-site debts - so you're ability to read their minds astounds me).  If you want to argue the validity of polls, start a new thread.  Ah, now we're not talking about creationists, but creationist experts. You say that there's no qualification to being a track expert, so how are you going to figure out which creationists to ask?  I've stated several factors that lead to one being viewed as an expert, it's you that has issues with the term, not me.  Not at all. I've already dealt with this statement of his, and found it rather naive for him to think that any right-thinking person would believe it to be so... it is the type of thing you believe - that a scientist is above personal bias.  Logic says this fella is a biologist with an evolutionists bent. He claims that he was prepared to go along and make a judgement that might have undermined all notions of Darwinism (with regards time-scale) that he'd ever been taught. I am making an assumption here, but it seems so ludicrous that he would be that sort of exceptional person, especially in light of the fact that he's prepared to comment on factors he's not stated he's an expert in. It just seems too arrogant.  Arrogance? Like refusing to believe a man's word because you know better?  As I said earlier, if a creationist scientist comments outside his field, he is lampooned. You see no problem with this biologist making comments on geology... even if he studied it, he wouldn't necessarily be an expert. I studied Irish, and I can't speak it. Nil thuigimm e.* You give him credit simply based on the fact that he's a scientist, and he's published a work that agree with you... so you add in details that aren't present.  He may well have studied tracks all his life, I don't know. He doesn't state this, and as I said at the very beginning, I am only able to judge this work by the work itself. You have some special insight that transcends my capabilities.  You have yet to give me any examples of Creationist scientists being lampooned for comments outside of their field, and I certainly haven't done so myself. Is that your own experience?  Again, read the article, he bases the geology portion on consultation with several geologists, I'm not sure whether they're experts or not.  He said some of the tracks were dinosaur tracks, but also some were forged, and some were geological depressions. Even within the category of dinosaur tracks, some were straight out caused by dinosaurs tails, some by their snouts, and "Some were mud-collapsed" dinosaur tracks.  Which is what I stated earlier, a whole range of phenomena were concerned in the creation of these 'tracks' besides the normal phenomena for the agreed dinosaur tracks. This is quite extraordinary, as well, he seems to have stumbled on a dinosaur which just happens to have a special walking gait to account for these other 'tracks'.  Please define "normal phenomena for dinosaur tracks".  *I've got "Teach Yourself Gaelic" plus all the notes etc from university, and I'm still unable to converse.  That's unfortunate, I guess you wasted your money. Maybe you should have tried harder, you might be an expert by now.  Waxy
 Sure, we can look. I have however a belief that the money would be better spent on other sciences, such as medical research. But that's just a belief that we should deal with he here and now rather than some pipe-dream of what might be.  This has been debated elsewhere, start a new thread if you'd like.  The benefits that mankind has received through scientific endeavours such as space exploration far outweigh the cost.  Indeed, that's why I don't set it up as the over-arching belief system in my life. I prefer 'perfection'  Where do you find perfection? I'd like some of that.  Do they do this? I know studies of evolutionary science are quite tainted with sexism, less so now with racism, but it's still there too... Currently there's a book (which, admittedly I've not read) "Race And Human Evolution: A Fatal Attraction "  So we're changing the subject to sexism in science? Why? I think the reason for the imbalance is pretty obvious, and much lies at the foot of the church.  I make no bones about having a belief system and a value system based on Christianity. I think however, as we are both in agreement about the foibles of man, then holding man up as the be-all and end-all of knowledge is rather silly. (unless you have another source for knowledge - say, aliens?)  More silly than believing in an all powerful supernatural being of which we have no evidence? I guess we'll have to agree to disagree on that one.  We are what we are, mankind isn't perfect, but mankind is all we've got.  You have by default, as you hold up science as the potential for all of life's answers. You choose this science over God as the ultimate source.  Yes, I believe in the physical realm, and that science is the best tool with which to understand it. As I've stated, I don't believe science is capable of providing all the answers.  Why do you think faith, based on God's commandments is inferior to foible-filled science?  See above.  One of the most common is the question - how can religion be true when there's so many of them...  To which I retort - how can evolution be true, when there's so many of them?  No offense, but that shows a lack of understanding of the theory of evolution. Check some posts in other threads for concise answers.  Have I directed your gaze at any feminist critiques of science? I'm not sure that I have. They deal with science in a scientific manner and show huge gender bias in science. Your faith in science is not so well placed... and you are in a way, more correct than you realise when you say 'faith in my fellow man', because according to feminist research, science is dominated by males.  Ground breaking news. emoticon_rolleyes   See my response above.  Repeatble proofs can be wrong. I will have to paraphrase from "Chaos" by Gleick as I can't find my copy around, and therefore am going off memory.  The anecdote does not prove those scientists "wrong" it demonstrates that the bacteria act in a consistent manner given a certain set of parameters. You're logic (Gleick's actually) is flawed on this one.  I'm not in the least interested in going off on a tangent on some race/evolution thing.  Waxy
It is interesting to see Gleick's seminal work in explaining chaotic dynamics to the general public being used in the hands of the creationist to try to show that science is uncertain.  That science is uncertain is a non-sequitor. That it does not rely on the absolute faith in its abilities to divine the truth allows detractors to use its own incredulity against it. Only the detractors themselves don't want their own ideas subject to the same level of critique.  Yes, scientists have faith that "not having faith" will produce the right answer. Yes, sometimes things can be confusing or unreproducable (as is the case in chaos dynamics). No, that does not mean that science is unable to function.  In chaos theory, while individual trials may produce drastically different results, non-linear dyanamics still can be studied in a statistical sense. This is where computation power of today's computers come into play. It's why Gleick has a fractal on his cover. To say that science isn't working then is just to be ignorant of the methodology: science just isn't working in the traditional way the public thinks science *should* work. However, the same "values" of the scientific method are applied: and they are applied dispassionately.  This can be compared to directly with someone who lets religious faith inform them about the physical world. For them, the determinism is simply a product of an Almighty Being that can reveal and cause at the Almighty Being's will. There are no tests in place to determine whether this makes any sense.  If science makes any pretenses on this sort of worldview it is only with regards to the physicality of the claim: that is science is interested strictly in that which is observable. If you believe that God is observable in the scientific sense then you are going to necessarily clash with scientists who do not rely on the worldview of the above paragraph to do anything. However, there are theists who rely on observability of their religion through science to be strictly based upon belief in manifestation. That is, there are theists who accept the physical world can be a manifestation of their own faith without imposing any conditionalism upon the science that is most effective at studying it. These are the only theists with whom it is worth having any discussion because at least they accept that science can do its job. The rest of those who do not believe that science can do its job are simply not going to be convinced because they're going to get hung up on their own certainty versus science's comparative uncertainty. I'd hold it against them, but I don't think it's worth it. They simply don't have anything to add to a conversation with myself.
Question for Montalban:  You speak of 'ultimate truth' and 'unchanging truth' that can be found in the authority of God through the Orthodox Church.  Would you concede that these ideas are 'belief' and not 'knowledge'?
Hang on? You want me to start a new thread to discuss things that have already been discussed 'somewhere'? That's a laughable debatng style you've got there.  Call it what you will, but things reach a point where you must narrow the focus. This debate would become endless and rather meaningless if allowed to be sidetracked by every new item that came up, most of which have been debated in detail on this site.  I think you've lost the point of debate somewhere, especially as it pertains to these boards. What we are doing here is not an academic feud, though you seem to believe it is, what with your superior intelligence and all.  The benefits that mankind has received through scientific endeavours such as space exploration far outweigh the cost.  Really? SETI has benefited mankind? I thought that the space race was about reaching the moon before those godless commies.  Do you know of any? Certainly Independence Day was an entertaining film, but do you mean in the realm of fiction?  Making sweeping statements might be entertaining, but it's not really a debate.  The advancements in technology directly attributable to the "space race" are almost uncountable, everything from the computer you're typing on, to breathing cleaner air. Do I really have to make a specific list of every invention that resulted from, or was influenced by, advances in technology due to space exploration for it to be a "valid" point?   Independence Day? What? How can you not know of any?   Who looks foolish on that one?  Try going to Church, opening your heart to God.  You're answer to everything. Open your heart to superstition and myth.  What do you mean 'we've changed the subject'  My subject was about the imperfections of science, including feminist critiques... obviously you don't read all of the posts. Admittedly I have made most of this narrative on another thread within the Evolution debate - good of you to remain so focussed :-)  This is a red herring issue. I've read all your posts, and I dismissed this as a weak ploy to redirect the debate.  No, there is perfection. Jesus Christ is perfection. Go to Church, open up your heart.  Then if you want truth - turn to God. I'm talking about real truth, not something that's true today and false the next   I think we've both read enough posts on these boards and info from other sources to realize that holding up Jesus and God as perfection is questionable, and comes down to your belief, never actual knowledge.  I've been to church, I was raised Catholic. I opened my eyes to fallacy that was all around me.  The "truth" is all in the interpretation, and that, is faith in MAN.  You mean you do read other posts in other threads? I thought you weren't aware of my general criticisms of science. What you really show is a total misunderstanding of the sciences. There is not one science, and the rest is pseudo-science.  There's, for instance, Marxist science, feminist science, nationalist science, and our own, western capitalist science.  I misunderstand science. emoticon_confused OK.  Hinduism, Buddhism, Roman Catholicism, Anglicanism, Baptist, Islam. All religions.  Doesn't change the definition of religion, only the bent used when applying it.  But there's just one correct religion right? The rest is pseudo-religion.  This then is probably the laziest response I've yet read. Yes, I dip my hat to you on that, a devastating blow - I'm simply to accept that you have the answer somewhere. Sounds like you're acting the way you claim religions act.  Again, you claim that my choice not to respond is based in ignorance/laziness. That's your opinion and your welcome to it.   Like I said, Whoopity Doo!!!!! Science is dominated by males. What's your point? It's somehow less valid due to that? I don't get it.   I think we both know why science has been dominated by males as well, the source of that descrimination is religion. Another sweeping statement by that fool Waxy with no proof. Frankly, I don't think any is required if you didn't just crawl out from under a rock.  Cool. In fact you're not even wishing to present a case. Simply saying "It's been answered somewhere by someone on another post... is the same act of faith you displayed with regards to that Biologist and the 'man-tracks'. Really, you don't want to scratch the surface very far now, do you?  No, I don't. The last thing I want to do is, like I said, go off on some tangent about race and evolution.  Pointing out to you that there are countless threads on this board alone that have dealt with this topic if you so choose to continue is not faith, its simple common sense.  In summary, I see your interest in this subject is fading. Your off-handed reference to 'some answer posted somewhere else' is not convincing to anyone but yourself and other uncritical minds. Even the notion that religion is to blame for any faults in science is truly lame.  Your first correct assumption!  I'm not interested in going down the same old roads again. This debate has reached those inevitable crossroads.   I think it was Dan on Night Court that provided me with these words to live by "Do you know what the definition of insanity is? Doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result."  That notion is yours, I've not posted anything of the sort.  Next victim...  How wonderfully arrogant, and yet, ohhh so true, just not in the way intended. ;)   Waxy
This is my first time returning to the forums since I was last here in October. And to try and bring this topic back to focus, "Noah's Flood, fact or fiction?" I'm going to copy and paste a quote from Lurch (his very name sends creationists running for the hills on this forum) from a topic created last year. I'm doing this because it seems that looking at previous posts for evidence is something someone isn't willing to do.  "In 1909 the schooner Wyoming was launched from the Percy & Small shipyard in Bath, Maine. She was the state-of-the art in wooden hulled shipbuilding. She was a six masted schooner and, at 329 ft., the longest ship with an all wood keel and hull ever built. She was the last of nine wooden hulled, six-masted schooners built between 1900 and 1909, and one of seven built by Percy & Small. All were 300 ft. or more in length. They were all state-of-the art.  The Wyoming had 90 steel crossbraces. Even while she was yet on the drawing boards the marine engineers who designed and built her knew from experience with shorter ships that the length of the Wyoming would exceed the structural limits of wood. For this reason they attempted to defeat, or at least support, the laws of physics and the principles of marine engineering with steel. It was to no avail. Not even the steel bracing could prevent the flexing and twisting that resulted in the separation of the hull planking. The Wyoming required constant pumping, as did her sister ships. The Wyoming leaked from the day she hit the water until the day, 14 years later, when she foundered and broke up off of Monomoy Island while riding out a storm at anchor.  It is said that she could be seen to snake (movement of the bow and stern from side to side in relation to the midship) and hog (movement of the bow and stern up and down in relation to the midship) while underway. The action of the waves, in even calm seas, caused the planking to be sprung beyond the capabilities of any calking that could be devised. The Wyoming and her sisters were used, for the most part, for short, close-in coastal hauls, generally in sight of land. At the first sign if inclement weather, they could run for port. The Wyoming served for several years as a coal hauler, as did several of her sisters.  I have always had a great love for windjammers. I have some very expensive books that deal with the minutia of their construction and for years my hobby was to build full rigged wooden models. I spent hours climbing over the decks of the U.S.S. Constitution in Charleston Navy Yard, admiring her construction. The Wyoming must have been a beautiful vessel. But she was a beautiful anachronism. At about 300 ft. the structural capabilities of wood were exceeded beyond the abilities of engineering and design to remedy  Few other ships of this size were built of wood. One exception was the four-masted medium clipper barque, Great Republic built in 1853. She is sometimes reported as the longest wooden ship ever build with a length of 334 feet, but more usually she it is claimed that she was 325 feet. The Great Republic also had 90 steel cross braces, 4 inches wide, 1 inch thick, and 36 feet long. Nevertheless, she sprung her hull in a storm off of Bermuda. She was abandoned when the water in the hold reached 15 feet.  And yet, creationists want me to believe that a 450 ft. (minimum) vessel of ALL wood construction was able to withstand a storm of 40 days and then remain at sea for almost a year, manned by only eight people, without the efficient pumps of the turn of the century, calked with nothing more than "pitch inside and out". Not to mention the overwhelming necessity of the limited crew to feed and water thousands of animals and to muck out thousands of pens (and then carry the result of the mucking up two decks in order to throw it overboard). When was there time for pumping (24 hours a day if the above is any indication) and the constant recalking in a futile attempt to stem the flow.  You may perceive this as an argument from incredulity similar to those that are so typical of creationists, but I just can't believe such a fairy tale. Experience with real wooden ships sailing in real oceans indicates that Noah's ark would not have survived many days of the 40 day storm.  My opinion of Noah's ark is that that boat don't float."
Black Mamba, thank you. I've been looking for that essay for a couple of months now. So this is where it was hiding!
It hasn't been hiding. I'm sure if you had asked, gallo/lurch/7th_Arty/Garioch would have been happy to tell you were to find it.  That Boat Don't Float
Oh, what I meant was: I remembered this essay was written, and I wanted to find it again, but I couldn't remember who wrote it or which message board it was on.  Probably means that I am a member of too many message boards. I guess I just have a soft spot in my heart for creationists, heh heh. (Also probably explains why I never get anything productive done!)  Edited to add: Doh! And I see that it is on gallo's By Bayou University site! Well, at least it will be easy for me to find now!
 My opinion of Noah's ark is that that boat don't float."  Not to mention the captain has to be Jewish. Now, which is the greater stretch: an dimensionally-challenged boat, or a nomadic, desert-dwelling goat-herder whose idea of water was a shimmering oasis? Noah may know what a camel is, but had never heard of a keel. Can't we be honest enough to acknowledge that this story is only one of many far older? Why do Christian insist the Jewish account is the only true story?   Yet, these facts mean nothing to them, and as far as miracles go, these two--the boat and the pilot--are pretty minor. If you can suspend your disbelief enough to imagine a pair of kangaroos hopping on the boardwalk it isn't hard to convince yourself that the pitch used to waterproof the boat was more than adequate. Once your mind becomes comfortable with miracles, it's no great leap to visualize two lions walking behind two lambs up the ramp and bedding down beside each other, with the lions never so much as looking twice on them as a next meal. Do we think that a person who holds those unthinking beliefs will be swayed with logic in boat engineering or in piloting skills?
And I see that it is on gallo's By Bayou University site! Speaking of gallo's By Bayou University site, on another message board I had the opportunity to post gallo's thermodynamics test. No one should ever say that evolution violates the Second Law of Thermodynamics until they understand thermodynamics well enough to take this test.  Sorry for the off-topic post. :)
I agree. The test seems to me to be quite similar to a first semester test in thermodynamics. It is actually quite basic. If one cannot answer on basic questions, how can one claim to speak with authority on extensions of the concepts? If one does not understand basic thermodynamics and the property of entropy, how can one address statistical thermodynamics?  Could it be that creationists merely parrot answers without understanding the question? Can't be. That would be dishonest.
billsco,  I don't mean to rain on your parade, but the Jewish nation founded by Abraham, who lived several generations after the flood, even according to creationist christian mythology.  But that also presents a problem of how many "clean" animals were aboard the ark. Isn't it funny that the concept of "clean" didn't occur until after the exodus, and yet one of the intermixed versions of the Noah story differentiates between clean and unclean?
 I don't mean to rain on your parade, but the Jewish nation founded by Abraham, who lived several generations after the flood, even according to creationist christian mythology.    The names, Noah, his sons Ham and Shem, are exclusively Hebrew names. That Abraham's founding of a Jewish nation is in the distant future does not mean God wasn't at that early date working with his chosen people, the Jews. That is to be implicitly understood as a Christian, beginning with our Hebrew parents in the garden.   Noah must be Jewish, IMO, or the whole salvation story is called into question again.
[QUOTE=montalban]I wasn't not sure if this should be at the beginning of a new thread or not... but I get back to Noah's Ark somewhere along the way.  There are several people who believe that man and dinosaur were contemporaries... http://www.apologeticspress.org/rr/rr2003/r%26r0302a.htm    Ive read that site, and found it to be completely false. Dinosaurs walking alongside man? what a laugh! That site shows a picture of 'ancient pottery' of inca origin. Its more pottery of the locals origin used to trick people.   "Two peasants from Callango, Basilio Uchuya and his wife, Irma Gutierrez de Aparcana, have admitted to carving the stones they sold to Cabrera, basing their designs on illustrations from comic books, school books, and magazines [Polidoro 2002]. "  Creationists never quite got the hang of the scientific process. Like i am supposed to respect the credibility of anyone who delibertly uses fake pictures and presents it as 'evidence'  The day i learned about dinosaurs was the day i knew, the bible, while i nice book, was just a story. A good one, nonetheless, and one to live by. But taking it literally is just silly. The bible cannot stand up to the fossil record
This might sound like circular reasoning.  If you accept the 'flood' story at all, then you'd have to say it was a miraculous event - in that it was brought about by God. Why would it then need to totally conform with science - that wouldn't make it a miracle, then would it?  oh now isn't that convient? Its a 'miracle' so it doesn't have to be explained! CASE CLOSED.  But for the rational thinkers out there...i agree with the person above...the noahs ark story is preposterous. Now noah may have been a real person, the medeterranean region may have flooded, and noah may have built an ark for his family and farm animals. And it sure does make a nice story about god's promise (personally I am not a fan of a god that would just wipe out the earth like that). But the animal life on earth is just too diverse, and bible literalist who beleive in this event are off their rockers.  I should really go back in time and ask noah why he forgot to bring the wholly rhinocersous aboard as well as the saber toothed cat. I also have a bone to pick with him about the marsupials. why did he only give us the virginia oppoussum over here, and drop the rest of them off in australia? couldn't we at leaste have gotten a few kangeroos?  What about andrewsarchus? did he bring that abord too? or only elephants lions and tigers two by two?  and why the heck do whales have vestigial pelvis's? God idea of a silly joke?
 But for the rational thinkers out there...i agree with the person above...the noahs ark story is preposterous. Now noah may have been a real person, the medeterranean region may have flooded, and noah may have built an ark for his family and farm animals. And it sure does make a nice story about god's promise (personally I am not a fan of a god that would just wipe out the earth like that). But the animal life on earth is just too diverse, and bible literalist who beleive in this event are off their rockers.   hehe, i don't think noah was living in the mediterranean
Your god is also the god of deceit. Why else would he erase all evidence of such a flood? Why erase the bones from the animals that must have died as the emigrated from the arks resting place? Answer those two and I'll have lots more
He didn't erase all evidence. We have the Bible account.The bible account of a flood is evidence for the bible account of the flood? In a way I suppose it is. It's pathetically weak evidence though as there is no other evidence to support it.  In fact, we've got accounts from heaps of different cultures all around the world.You forgot "contradictory" before "accounts". Heaps of different cultures all around the world also have stories of giant flying, fire-breathing, lizards. You think them true too?
All things are possible with God. My God is the God of the impossible!  So you honestly believe that with the technology available at the time, Noah constructed a monstrous synthetic habitat large enough to hold two of every creature on earth? Complete with enough aquatic capacity to hold two of every ocean creature, including whales and sharks? With enough travel speed to cover the entire globe in time to pick up two of every animal, from the burrowing frogs of the african desert to the Polar bears of Antarctica?  And that this vessel was also large enough to carry a supply of food adequate for so many hundreds of millions of animals? And that the waste disposal systems were adequate to handle such a volume of waste?  I'm sorry, but anyone with even a shred of credibility must take the story of Noah and his ark as nothing more than an interpretation and adaption of an ages old story. To interpret it as the literal truth is beyond belief.
no no! through the power of god, the animals all came themselves, and lined up ready for the ride, haven't you seen the movie?!?
I'm always astonished that creationists try the "lots of cultures have stories about floods" gambit.   Yes, lots of cultures have stories about many things. Either there was one great flood at one time, or there have been individual floods.  Since humans tend to congregate in river valleys, I think I know why all the flood stories contradict each other...
Neanderthal man was created from a single tooth. Thats ridiculous. The statement that neanderthals were created from a single tooth is, indeed, a most ridiculous statement. There are, in fact, a great many examples of Neanderthal remains that have been discovered and are studied.
What would be the point in doing that when they are all based on evolution. This argument wont ever end because neither creationism nor evoluionism can be proved as fact. Its always gonna just be a battle between beliefs. Telling him to read that is just you trying to convince him of ur beliefs but at the same time he's doing the same thing with u. There is no sense in suggesting such things.  Geology and Geomorphology have NOTHING to do with evolution.  Suggesting that you read on theses topics is suggesting that you educate yourself so you can make an informed decision and speak intelligently on the subject, not an attempt to somehow brainwash you.   You seem to be openly stating that your position here is simply that ignorance is bliss.  Again, I'd strongly suggest a little reading.  Waxy
I guess that is so from an evolutionists point of view but if ur talking to creationists who believe that God has enables us to get to where we are and He who created this world is the only way we will continue to survive in it and understand it, ur efforts are futile.  OK then, did God work through the human endeavour of science to find vaccines and "invent" modern medicine?  Does God therefore indirectly use science to help mankind?  Did God create science so mankind understand and survive in the world?  What's your take?  Waxy
I guess that is so from an evolutionists point of view but if ur talking to creationists who believe that God has enables us to get to where we are and He who created this world is the only way we will continue to survive in it and understand it, ur efforts are futile.  Apparently God didn't enable you write clearly.   Yes we can measure all of these things to such small measures but my question is if that is so then why cant any bit of evolution, of humans evolving into another species, be detected or measured if evolution indeed happened. It seems to me that some change should be measureable no matter how long it takes to evolve.  While your thoughts are not clear here, I interpret them to mean why can't we measure current evolutionary processes. If this is not a correct interpretation please clarify your statements.   Start with this thought exercise: Using an analog watch with only a second hand I want you to measure the time it takes for light to reach your eyes after you flip the switch on the wall. Can't do it, can you? Your tools are inadequate for the task at hand. It is similar with evolutionary processes in humans--the present tools to concurrently measure such change is inadequate relative to the task at hand. With the light example you need a system designed to measure in sub-nanoseconds and with the evolution example you need a system to measure in the realm of tens of thousands of years.  There is a difference between the inability to measure something and the impossibility of measuring something. Ordinary means are unable to measure both the human evolutionary process and the speed of light; on the other hand neither is impossible to measure, you just need to do it right.  I hope this makes sense for you.
If there was a single landmass at the time of the flood then it wouldnt have been a problem because God brought the animals to Noah. No one knows, no matter how much they say they do, just when Pangea broke up if there ever was such a thing as Pangea. Noah's God is my God and He is the God of the impossible. I dont expect u to understand or believe what I believe when u are so heavily steaped in evolution as u must be.  Hey, if God can do the impossible why would there be need for a single landmass? Seven continents shouldn't present an obstacle for a being so powerful.  Whistler
...Why cant any bit of evolution, of humans evolving into another species, be detected or measured.... We can. Due to a change in diet, the modern human jaw is much smaller than that of our ancestors. As a result, it is too small to hold the "normal" component of teeth -- wisdom teeth quite often grow wrong, sometimes come in sideways, sometimes, like mine, don't even completely erupt through the gums. In my case, I had many problems with gum infections as food would get caught in the piece of gum still covering my (now gone) wisdome teeth. Wisdom teeth cause more problems for modern humans, problems that ourweigh the benefits of having them. And, sure enough, there are people who are born without wisdom teeth.  The appendix is another interesting structure. It is clearly homologous to the ceacum in other primates. The ceacum helps digest a mainly leafy diet high in cellulose. However, because the human diet is more varied, there is no reason for the appendix. In fact, contrary to what AnswersInGenesis would have us believe, the human appendix serves no function that is not done by other parts of the human body. In fact, it is quite a detriment -- appendicitis used to be a common cause of death before modern medicine. Now, not only is the appendix much, much smaller than the ceacum on other primates, but many people are born without an appendix.  Just a couple of examples of evolution in action. As you said, we should be able to measure small changes, and these are, indeed, small changes.
The Bible says Adam and Eve were the first man and woman. They didnt come after some more primitive species like Neanderthals. The rest of the earth, like the plants, animals, seas, heavens, etc., were the only things present prior to Adam and Eve. All of those things God spoke into existence. Mankind was the only creation that God formed with his hands. Dont mix the Word of God with the lie that Satan plunked in the minds and hearts of those unwilling to accept what the Bible says.  Have you heard of Nachmanides (Nahmanides)? Just google it. You'll reject him outright because he was Jewish, but I think the Jews have a overriding claim to Genesis, since they wrote it.  http://www.aish.com/societyWork/sciencenature/Did_Adam_Have_Parents$.asp http://www.geraldschroeder.com/age.html http://www.familylife.com/community/forums/ubb/cgi-bin/ultimatebb.cgi?ubb=get_topic;f=8;t=001303   So he was looking at the real Hebrew texts where they were talking about "God breathing life into man". Well, it reads that he breathed "neshama" into man, which means "soul" or could be interpreted to mean "life."  This was interpreted to mean that before Adam and Eve, there was a distinct possibilty that pre-humans were roaming the Earth. They were soul-less and less than human, according to Nachmanides. Maybe these were the Neandertals and Cro-Magnons.   All I'm saying is that there are interpretations to Gensis that do not require Adam and Eve to be the first humanoids on earth.
One sample of proof, that I've heard of, was that before Noah's time period fossils showed a little difference in forming than they did after his period, and my theory is the "ground rain" may have had something to do with it. I'm not sure, but the topic interested me...  I was under the impression that the YE theory was that all fossils were formed during the flood. If some happened before, and some after, than how do you date them? How do you tell which are pre-deluvian, and which are post?
I'm saying in general... like those fossils in the flood were what 4-5k years ago... I'm talking fossils WAY before that, like completely other periods of time. I'm still somewhat sketchy on that theory, but once I understand the details I think I will probably be much more convinced of it than I already am.  I think you'll need to spell this one out for me, in detail. The classic theory of fossils say all of them are much older than 5000 years old. And every theory I've heard that says that Noah's flood was real puts the upper age of the universe at 10,000 years. You seem to have a whole new idea. Even if you haven't worked out the details, please share it. Of course, we're likely to try to poke holes in it, but that's what a debare forum is for, right? :)
 Out of place artifacts and ancient tech , particularly the pages on "The Flood." Very interesting site. While some of it is most definately hogwash (as the site's author mentions), a lot of it is pretty hard to argue with.   I found it hard to argue with, because there was nothing to argue about. No documentation, no references, just a big list of supposed anomolies. Not impressive.
That website RULES!  My favorites are the pics of space ships in egyptian hyroglyphs. "..On November 17, 3398 B.C., two billion people, with their astonishing technology, vanished from the face of the earth. This lost super race beat us to the moon(?), to computers, and to nuclear war. A cosmic disaster occurred which wiped out a super civilization and generated 6,000 foot tidal waves the disaster known to early civilizations worldwide as the great flood (the deluge mentioned in the book of Genesis in the Bible, for which Noah constructed the Ark to save a remnant of mankind). :  ...The descendants of this super race branched out from Ararat (Armenia) to create civilizations less advanced technologically, but still with some knowledge of their original civilization. The theory of evolution, which believes in the gradual progression of man, cannot stand up to the evidence governed by the laws of thermo-dynamics. The evidence of fully developed cities and an advanced technology of a superior man, whose society deteriorated over time is irrefutable. :   You just can't get better than this.
Like I said, some of it's a little wierd, but some of it really is hard to discount (the monoliths come to mind.) Anyway, like the website's (not the articles') author says, it doesn't really matter if the stuff on the site is true or not. It more for intellectual workouts. His point (and I agree) is that none of the stuff mentioned on the site has to be true in order for the Bible to be believed. It's all on faith. Anyway, I just thought you guys might enjoy some of the articles on the site (whether you believe them or not, they're interesting.)   I think the phrase "little weird" is firmly in understatement country :p
One of the weirdest parts is the section on ancient nuclear reactors. The information about Oklo shows that they have little understanding of what went on there. While it is undoubtedly true that plutonium was produced, there is none there now. I'll say that again to make sure that you understand. No plutonium was found at Oklo.  The site also makes this remark: This particular group of reactors was, incredibly moderated using --water. The first modern nuclear reactors used graphite and cadmium rods to moderate their reactions. Bizarre! Most nuclear reactors in the United States are moderated using water. In fact, only in the former communist bloc countries was graphite used as the moderator. There are at least six zones of depleted uranium (usually means mined)with plutonium as a by product! You've got to really be trying to manufacture plutonium--its a complicated process. Nice demonstration of ignorance. "depleted uranium" does not mean "mined." It means that it has been used for nuclear fuel and the U235 has been depleted. And while the process that produces plutonium is complicated, it isn't unusual. The process is known as a fission reaction. In any fission reaction where U238 is present (that is all of them), one of the by-products is plutonium. It can't be avoided. Breeder (fast) reactors just produce more plutonium. They also surround the core with uranium carbide that doesn't take part in the reactor but in which some U238 is converted to plutonium.
 How do you explain remains of crabs and other sea creatures found in the same area inland as dinousaurs and other land dwelling creatures.  They aren't found in the same layers. If the fossils were caused during the flood you'ld see the land and sea based creatures mixed together. You don't. You have the fossils of land based creatures, then you get sea based, indicating local flooding, then land based, then sea based again. Of course many regions don't show any sea based at all, indicating that flooding never occurred there.   The Grand Canyon is also evidence for the flood. A canyon of the same type was formed when Mt. St. Helens erupted when the snow and ice melted at the top and rushed down the slope. Even evolutionists have admitted that it looks just like the Grand Canyon, only on a smaller scale, . Are you talking about the erosion through the ash, or the break in the mountain after the eruption? If the first, the grand canyon is cut through rock, not ash. If the later, there's no volcano near the grand canyon.   To answer the second question...not all bones are fossilized. Bones do decompose. Also perhaps people just havent been looking in the right places. No one knows for sure where the arks true resting place is let alone the paths the animals took going away from the ark so there is no way anyone could start looking for bones even if they did exist. It is possible that they havent been just stumbled upon if they are still around to be stumbled upon.   The Bible says the ark landed on Mt. Arafat, in Turkey. And there aren't alot of different routes the kangaroos could take to get from there to Austrailia. If there was any evidence of a kangaroo migration from Turkey to Australia we know exactly where we would need to look. And in fact, the route goes through some of the more excavated areas of the world, so we'd almost certainly have found any remains by now.
Im sorry I wasnt clear on what I meant. Any such textbook is written and based on evolutionist ideas like that the earth is billions of years old etc. Education is so one-sided nowadays that for you to tell someone who doesnt even believe in what youre telling him is just going back to you trying to convince him and him trying to convince you. I admit I have suggested that people go read some accounts in the Bible but its no use if the person is totally uninterested in what the reading says. What I was saying is that it is near impossible to find a textbook that is unbiased and the large majority of science textbooks are written from and evolutionist point of view and give no credit to creationism.  How about this then? Read the textbooks, and then show us where the bias is. Tell us where the reasoning is wrong. Science textbooks present their reasoning, if there's a hole then you ought to be able to spot it and tell us what it is. Until you do this, however, you really have no basis for your claim of bias. Until you've actually read the book and can show someone why it's wrong, you're dismisal of it demonstrates nothing except your close-mindedness.
Im sorry I wasnt clear on what I meant. Any such textbook is written and based on evolutionist ideas like that the earth is billions of years old etc. Education is so one-sided nowadays that for you to tell someone who doesnt even believe in what youre telling him is just going back to you trying to convince him and him trying to convince you. I admit I have suggested that people go read some accounts in the Bible but its no use if the person is totally uninterested in what the reading says. What I was saying is that it is near impossible to find a textbook that is unbiased and the large majority of science textbooks are written from and evolutionist point of view and give no credit to creationism.  Well, the concept of a billions of year old earth is not one that evolution leads us too, that being derived from the study of radiometric dating- off course, evolutionary history is then fitted within a framework of this geochronological timeframe.  As to bias in textbooks, scientific journals and other related literature, I don't think you can fairly call it "bias". You might say the viewpoint is inherent to the subject- and plus you have to stop and think why this "bias" is so pervasive- the concepts of evolution and an ancient earth are generally regarded a fact.  Finally, to reverse your point would you expect to find a bible without reference to God, or one that acknowledges all the other religious/faith based viewpoints on subjects the bible deals with?
Sorry I havent seen the movie. But that is only because there isnt one that illustrates exactly what happened. But I do know that the first part of what you said is exactly right. The power of God caused the animals to come to Noah; Genesis 6:20.  sorry if this is a little old, haven't been here in a few days if god could do THAT, and of course god can do anything right, why did he bother with Noah at all?  besides, even if god did bring all the countless millions of species (or kinds if you prefer)to the ark how did they all fit in a wooden boat the size of the titanic? how did that boat survive 150+ days at sea with this cargo?  even if you didn't see the movie, you should be able to explain to me some details of how this came about, please explain to me exactly what happened, as you put it i'd like for you to do for me what most creationists demand of evolutionary theory: please give me a detailed mechanism for building a 450 foot wooden vessel, filling it in a short time with every "kind" of living being on the planet, and still have it intact at the end of the voyage
well, my question was really why he bothered with the ark why didn't he just wipe out all life on earth and leave 2 of every kind along with Noah and family? why bother with the drama of the ark and the flood, etc? god likes drama i guess
ok, anything is possible with an all powerful being  i don't think anyone is questioning the idea that anything is possible through an all-powerful being   BUT, they are questioning the accuracy of a tall tale they are questioning the historical accuracy of a book full of tales they are questioning people who believe these unbelievable tales  you can cop-out with "god can do anything" but that doesn't answer the questions "why a wooden boat" "how was it possible" "why a global flood" "how was it possible"   just saying "it was possible because god can do anything" doesn't get anybody anywhere
OK then, did God work through the human endeavour of science to find vaccines and "invent" modern medicine?   Wouldn't god being messing with "free will" if he worked through man to do anything? Why would he bother helping man cure a disease if he is all powerful wouldn't he just make it go away? Satan is an angel God created that fell, if he is all powerful wouldn't he just wipe him out?
Creation is mythology or cosmology and could be taught with related material such as the mythology of the ancient Greeks, Romans, Egyptians, etc., etc. To suggest that it is "science" cracks me up. emoticon_xbye
You're right. The fossils I'm talking about weren't found in the same layers. Rather single fossils were found in multiple layers extending across the layers. You can't tell me fossils waited around for millions of years for multiple layers to form over them without any sort of decay. Just explain this all of the different sections of this article to me: http://www.layevangelism.com/advtxbk/sections/sect-10/sec10-5.htm. Just go to that website and read and explain it all to me. The article makes itself quite clear.  You were not talking about single fossils through multiple layers, you were talking about a mix of marine and land fossils. If you want to bring up a new argument than just do it, don't pretend that the argument that I refuted wasn't the one you said.  Having refuted your first bit of evidence, I'll now refute this one. You get a fossil extending through multiple layers when you get a plant growing on sedimentary rock. The roots dig down through the layers, then the normal fossilization process happens, giving you a fossil that cuts through layers. You'll note that you only see this with plants, you don't get animal fossils doing this, which is further evidenece that it's a result of growth through rock, rather than a flood.   Also the Bible does not say the ark landed on Mt. Arafat in Turkey. It actually says that it came to rest in the mountains of Ararat. But I understand that this is just another case where you did not read to account yourself. Yes, I had a typo. Sue me. That fact still remains that Mt. Ararat is in Turkey, and so we do know where the ark landed. The rest of my argument stands.  BTW, do you concede that your Grand Canyon argument has no basis? Please don't just keep throwing out new arguments without acknowledging that you're done with the old ones. In your following post you say that there's lots of evidence for creationism. I'm trying to show you here that what you call evidence is, in fact, not. If you are as open minded as you claim that please have the courtesy to acknowledge when a bit of evidence has been shown to have no basis.
I've actually read quite a few and hardly any of them give any credit to creation as a reasonable explanation. This of course means that it is not me who is close-minded but those who write the books as so. I don't disagree that evolution has a lot of evidence to back it up but creation does as well and science should be taught from both views and let the students decide for themselves which one to believe. God can't even be mentioned in public schools because consequences ensue for anyone who does mention God. Christian teachers in the public schools aren't even allowed to have a Bible on their desks without getting in trouble. I know this because the father of a friend of mine got in trouble for those very things. And you say there is no bias. Please tap into reality a bit.  The reason that creationism isn't mentioned in science books, aside from seperation of church and state, is that there is, in fact, no good evidence for creationism. You've brought up several points here, and they've all been shot down. Creationism is simply not a valid scientific theory. If you think I'm wrong, than prove it. Come up with some evidence. But please, as I said before, have the courtesy to acknowledge when one of your arguments has been refuted.
You overlook the small fact that creationism has been generally viewed as a fact for much longer than evolution ever has.  Not really as I was not addressing that issue. But as you have raised it lets think about it anyway. A young earth as interpreted from Genesis was/is a belief whose factual basis is derived solely from the writings in the Bible. It would have been accepted as a given truth in the same way as the way the old testament describes people who lived for several hundreds of years. Still, there is no other evidence to support these facts, except that derived from a single source, the Bible. In this regard it is a very different "fact" to the fact that evolution of life occurs, which can be supported by a multitude of observations.  I also think it is odd to infer that just because something has been known/believed for a long time makes it more valid than a "younger" point of view. Dogma can be a risky thing to rely on as an absolute.  The original Bible translated into English in 1611 by King James gives no acknowledgement of all other religious/faith based viewpoints. Only the one which lines up with everything that the Bible says. Also there are two valid areas of science...creation and evolution. Both line up with science so both should be taught and both should be found in textbooks.  The KJV Bible does not acknowledge other faith viewpoints (well, it does actually- Judasim for example) and in that regard it is quite similar to all Bibles. Not surprising considering the monotheisitc nature of Christianity. So I take your answer to my question:  would you expect to find a bible without reference to God, or one that acknowledges all the other religious/faith based viewpoints on subjects the bible deals with?  Is no.  Now finally you say 2 valid lines of science- creation and evolution. Well, I see that as one valid line of science and one valid line of religious belief. Creationism in any form is not a science, it is an aspect of Christian belief. Vice-versa, evolution is not religion. We wouldn't put a chapter on radiometric dating in a RE textbook, and likewise it is a juxtaposition to place material on Creationism in a textbook covering life sciences and evolution.
*performs thread necromancy*  If you were to read Genesis 6:7 you will see that nothing is mentioned about creatures of the sea being destroyed so you quip about whales and sharks and aquatic capacity is proven wrong right there.  Not so. The salinity levels would have signicantly changed, killing both saltwater and freshwater species. They obviously have managed to survive today, and so must have been saved on the Ark, if it is to be taken as literally true.  Also Genesis 6:20 says that the animals were to come to Noah so Noah didnt have to travel the whole earth collecting animals.  Right. So which community minded individual volunteered the services of his helicopters to fly all the land bound animals from other continents? How did the thousands of different species of ants get from South America to the Middle East?  What you said about that doesnt even make any sense because if he had to collect all of the animals as he floated around the globe there wouldnt be any animals because they would all have drowned in the floodwaters.  In case you hand't noticed, the entire Bible story doesn't make sense.
Necromancy? Just like jesus performed on lazarus. Therefore you must be a christian, Adept and therefore beleive in creation be default, regardaless of your feelings on the topic.
If there was a global flood, why weren't the 40K year old footprints found in mexico not washed away :p   http://www.newscientist.com/article.ns?id=dn7627
There is no way to date fossils, or dating methods are wrong, or they did it wrong, or they are heretics or agents of satan. Take your pick.
There is no way to date fossils, or dating methods are wrong, or they did it wrong, or they are heretics or agents of satan. Take your pick.   Agents of satan. I like that one. After all , that is what the UCC is,for accepting gay marriage.
I wonder if being gay is a genetic, or environmental behaviour. Some say it is genetic, but im not so sure, because if it were genetic, then it would be exceedingly rare, as children cannot come from a same sex union.That is a very simplistic view of genetics and natural selection. If the nieces and nephews of a gay person had a slightly raised fecundity for example, then there would be positive selection pressure for such a "gay gene".
can you dumb that up a bit for me?Put crudely, your siblings share some of your genes and so if their kids survive and have kids of their own (this is how fecundity is measured), then some of your genes get passed on. If your assistance (as a homosexual non-reproductive person) increases the number of reproductively successful offspring your siblings produce then this offsets the fact that you haven't produced any kids yourself.  It's a contraversial idea, but it isn't one that can be completely ruled out.
What he says about dating fossils is true, carbon 14 dating is allways being adjusted, and is found to be less accurate every time there is an adjustment.   Of course, for the vast majority of fossils, carbon 14 is not used. That is not valid for over 40K years. You are making invalid assumptions
I am not making assumptions, I am stating what I read, and it makes sense to me.You stated very clearly "What he says about dating fossils is true, carbon 14 dating is allways being adjusted..." thus clearly implying that you assume carbon dating is used to date fossils. It isn't (except in rare cases where fossilization has occured in the last 40-60,000 years. Also you make a false claim: carbon dating is constantly being adjusted to make it more accurate, not less.
Would the gene not become less prevelant the longer it is inactive? like of a cousin of someone gay is not gay and they have kids and so on for many generations without the occurence of homosexuallity.We are talking a hypothetical gene here. If homosexuality has a genetic component, it will be the result of a combination of many genes. Also it is not a simple case of genes fading away becaus they are inactive: it is invariably way more complex than that. The best example I can think of is with the European crested newt. Every one of them is a heterozygous individual (can't remember for which gene(s)). They mate and half the offspring are homozygous. Both homozygous forms are fatal in early development and only the heterozygous ones become adults. A whole 50% of the eggs produced die because of a fatal gene combination that the newt cannot escape from...
I am not making assumptions, I am stating what I read, and it makes sense to me.   Since carbon 14 is not used to date fossils,I think you must have misunderstood what you read, or you have a bad source.
I stand corrected. What then is carbon 14 dating used for?For dating archaeological sites and the artifacts found within those sites rather than for paleontological purposes. Other dating methods (using elements with much longer half lives, eg potassium) are used to date fossils.
I stand corrected. What then is carbon 14 dating used for?   Carbon 14 dating is to date organic material of more recent origin. For example, if someone found an archelogical site where there was a fire, they would be able to take the ashes to date approximately when that fire was. They would be able to take some linen, and find out when it was made. If they found some bones (not fossilized) that were less that 30K years old (The labs won't garrentee accuracy past 30K right now), they would be able to date those bones.   For more information on how dating of fossils (or geological formations) are done can be found at http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/dating.html
this should be a poll. fact or fiction?  Neither. It's a myth.
To Du_Maxwell: I'm suprised that the argument even exists in today's world, considering that one can easily just google it and find out that the entire argument is based upon a sham that requires the debaters to ignore all post 1960s scientific information.   Thus you illustrate your lack of knowledge of the topic at hand. Check out the article called Moon-dust argument no longer useful by Answers in Genesis. It is a perfectly healthy part of science and was based on the evidence of the day. As new evidence came along that no longer supported the theory, it was dropped - totally in line with the essense of scientific procedure. It appears that you are trying to discredit the creationists and are using a straw man attack in order to do it. If you would look around a bit harder than google search into the creation ministries such as AiG, you would find out that your arument is false. No informed person uses this argument as it is no longer useful.  Also, most NASA scientists, in fact, were convinced before the Apollo landings that there was not much dust likely to be found there - many of those were evolutionary scientists!
To Duo_Maxwell: Evidence and creationists are deathly allergic to each other....Therefore it makes perfect sense as why creationists still use the argument.   Have you actually studied the creationist's material (such as Answers in Genesis, or are you just repeating the rhetoric theat you have heard from others? I have not read all about evolution, but I have read enough to know what it is about and where in parts it is wrong. I do not go around calling them liars and so forth unless I can provide some evidence for my arguments.  Evolutionists, of all people, should be the last to accuse creationists of lying and being ignorant! Half the so-called ape men are intentional frauds that are dedicated to get people to believe in evolution.   Another prime example of where evolutionists have intentionally lied and concealed the truth is displayed on an internet site where the author accuses AiG's Dr Sarfati of intentionally lying about the fact that there are no 3rd stage SNRs in our universe. The author states the following: So Clark and Caswell really said the mystery is solved and many years latter the creationists quote them to say there is a mystery. How shameless can one get? That the astronomers don't think there is a mystery should tip-off readers that the claims that Sarfati made are complete bunk...The creationists made dubious assumptions, confused concepts, used outdated figures, quoted out-of-context, had false facts, etc.   What this fellow fails to tell you is the rest of that quote: "It appears with teh above explanation there is no need to postulate values of Eo/n differing greatly from those in the galaxy, and the mystery of the missing remnants is also solved."  Well, the logical question is what explanation that they are referring to? The explanation is that IF: 1. There was an incorrect estimate so anomalies should be included. 2. Assume the detection limit is expanded by a factor of 3. 3. Claims that there was an erroneous number detected by a factor of two.  So bascially Clark and Caswell made up assumptions to try to fit the evolutionary model. Basically they said that sine the data didn't match evolutionary premises, they would assume that it was an incorrect estimate, the detectino rate is wrong and anomalies should be included, then they conclude that this fits with evolution. This doesn't solve the problem (and is an embarrassing interpretation) but shows their allegiance to evolution over the observed facts, which was what Dr Sarfati commented on.  Dr Starfati was telling the truth and the author of that article was the one concealing the truth. Talk Origins is known for doing this sort of thing and they sound convincing until you read the details and discover that they are concealing the truth and lying. Sadly, many have fallen into their lies.  See, what you have to remember is the big picture. As Christians, they are bound by God's Word which says not to lie. As atheists, however, lying and telling the truth are neither "right" nor "wrong". This is evident throughout history. Typically, many evolutionists are not afraid to lie to make themselves appear better.  Your argument about creationists being lying, ignorant and so on, is much like the pot calling the kettle black! I think you have gotten this around the wrong way. The evolutionists are the people who have a reputation for lying and so forth. I have given you a few examples of where evolutionists have purposely lied and concealed the truth, can you please give me some?   People still use the moon dust theory in arguments for a young earth argument. The idea is still in use, regardless of your site's stance aganist it.  The first thing you need to know, however, is that Answers in Genesis is a real creation science ministry. They have real scientists who believe in the validity of the Bible and, like the greatest scientist ever, Newton, believe that the Bible and science go hand in hand.   The first link you provided said that it has been discredited. Many of these creationists to whom you are referring to, are not real creationists (i.e. a creation scientist) they are just ordinary people who may have not been informed of the error. Joshua's long day being found is another example of this, no creationist would ever use this in an argument as it has been discredited. No informed person would use this as it would be impossible to know the exact positions of the planets and stars at that instant in time and thus calculate the missing day. Creationists do not tell lies, they have exposed many evolutionary ones, such as those listed, but they also say that theories like the Moon Dust one have been discredited and thus, do not use it in an argument.  The second link I found the point that you are referring to. Perhaps the article has not yet been updated and was written long before this new evidence against it was known. The rest of the information, however, is correct, is it not?  The third link has evidence that was based on the day. It has not been updated.  Dr. Hovind, a creationist other creationists mention, specifically for his attacks on evolution, uses the moon dust theory.   Well, then, assuming that you are telling the truth, the Dr must not be too hard to refute. The major creation science ministries all do not use this argument.  The Moon Theory, in summary, was an attempt by falliable man to try and explain the evidence of the day. The evidence changed, the theory was dropped --------- which is inline with correct scientific procedure.  Perhaps I suggest that you have a quick look at what the main creation science ministries are saying before you continue with these straw man attacks. I can guarantee you that I could still find sites that talk about frauds like embryonic recapitulation, the so-called evidence for evolution at the Scopes trial as still being proof for evolution. Your argument lacks "teeth" so to speak.   Unsupported assertions and person opinions as well as straw man attacks make up the bulk of your argument.
To The Barbarian: One of the more effective ways to deal with it is: "As youi probably know, information theory describes information mathematically. Show me your numbers." Most creationists aren't very up on math, and the results can be amusing.  I just hope that we are better than your spelling, "youi" [ed: making a joke out of your joke].   In all seriousness, creationists are not dumb. I am just finishing school this year, and am currently doing mathematics extension 1, physics, chemistry and legal studies. Your last line is an unsupported assertion.  For example, try telling that to Sir Isaac Newton! He made up half the mathematics we are studying right now -- including Calculus! James Clerk Maxwell, Wernher von Braun, Charles Babbage and Michael Faraday, just to name a few are mathematical and scientific geniuses [if there is such a word]. A few more modern ones include Dr Russell Humphreys and Dr Werner Gitt.
You certainly are a busy lad, Nu Leader.
Hello, Duo_Maxwell.  Yes, I am always amazed at the reach of this "conspiracy" of evolutionists that have managed to keep any and all evidence against evolution out of science.  All scientists are individuals working on their own grants.  Grant money is awarded many different organizations, with their own sources of money and their own committees to choose the awardees.  The scientists work at a multitude of universities, companies, and research laboratories, each one independent of one another and making its own hiring and firing decisions.  Science gets published in many different journals, each one with its own board of editors, choosing its own reviewers, and each one independent of everyone else.  So, you have science as a prime example of an anarchic, decentralized enterprise, with no central control, no single leadership, no one making rules for everyone else.  And yet, somehow, there is a conspiracy that succeeds in keeping unwanted view points out.  But I love conspiracy theories, don't you? Without going into the use of the term 'conspiracy'... I'd like to add that all biologists receiving their grants would be subject to review.  They'd have learnt the 'truth' of evolution at school, then at university. They'd have peers reviewing their stuff to make sure that it's also in keeping with materialist evolution.  I guess that means there's no pressure on them at all :) But most likely they are willing followers
"Persuasive communication involves [1] gain the person?s interest. [2] create a need. [3] show how that need can be satisfied. [4] Help the receiver to visualise the satisfaction of that need. [5] Encourage the action that will lead to the need satisfaction." see M. McWalters (Ed.), (1993), Understanding Psychology, McGraw-Hill; Sydney, p296ff. The need for people such as Dawkins is expressed in his notion that Darwinism allows one to be a well-rounded atheist.  So...the entire secular university system is brainwashing people. And the religious fundamentalists are preaching the truth. Wow, that's quite a debate topic to just drop in here!!  FYI, we've told you time and again that science does not proclaim to be truth, it's a process, and it's always open to interpretation, revision, and can be entirely overthrown. Religion on the other hand is dogma and in many cases proposes that it's the "truth". Big difference.  If you can show reasons why one should believe in something else other than evolution as the process by which life on earth diversified...you can. But the operative word there is "reason".  Science is about curiosity, discovery, and understanding. I realize you have contempt for these things (as indicated by your use of the word conspiracy, which implies harmful or lawbreaking), but realize much of the rest of the world appreciates what contributions science has made to our world, as evidenced by the popularity of the subject in schools and universities.   It's sad to me that in your pursuit for compassion, nobility, etc., you spurn the hard work and triumphs of your fellow humans, in favour of some other human telling you that you must believe everything they say in order to go to heaven, things which neither impact your life here, nor have any basis in reason.  -Mach The 'brain-washing' aspect is far too extreme a statement to apply to what I said. All educational processes are socialising processes.  You believe materialistic evolution to be 'evolution' and that as such it did happen. And as such it should be taught. There is no 'search for truth' but a teaching of the 'truth' when I comes to evolution.  Yet as a social process it can't help but instil values in the educational process. Darwin himself was a prime example of this...reflecting the values of Victorian ideas.... "Darwin postulated that females are ''coy,'' mating rarely and choosing their mates carefully, presumably betting their odds on the males with the best genes to contribute to their offspring. For their part, males are ''ardent'' and promiscuous, and fight amongst themselves for female partners. Later theories added that males are promiscuous because they have less to lose by making babies - unlike eggs, sperm are plentiful and small. Plus, females usually do most of the work to raise the offspring? http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_relea...u-sag021003.php  ?In the mid-nineteenth century, social Darwinists invoked evolutionary biology to argue that a woman was a man whose evolution - both physical and mental - had been arrested in a primitive stage. In this same period, doctors used their authority as scientists to discourage women's attempts to gain access to higher education. Women's intellectual development, it was argued, would proceed only at great cost to reproductive development. As the brain developed, so the logic went, the ovaries shrivel. In the twentieth century, scientists have given modern dress to these prejudices. Arguments for women's different (and inferior) nature have been based on hormonal research, brain lateralization, and sociobiology.?  Londa Schiebinger, "History and Philosophy", in Sex and Scientific Inquiry, eds. Sandra Harding and Jean F. O'Barr, (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1987), p. 26-27. Quoted at: http://www.dean.sbc.edu/bart.html  Feminists claim that evolution, long the domain of men has present biased accounts of science in order to explain gender.  ?Men's claims to "know" women's natures, abilities, limitations, and so forth have been a fundamental element of feminist criticisms since its genesis, primarily because it is precisely these claims which are used to justify the social and political subordination of women.? Ibid.  I have stated many times epistemological evidences for the bias inherent in all aspects of education... science being no exception. Scientists carry the same biases as other people. Education itself is a socialising factor in your life. How you are educated helps you in normalising and rationalising things. Marxists would argue that everything you were taught, including science was for conformity within a western male-dominated capitalistic society. It goes to the stabilization of that society, which is why society is, as a rule, generally cohesive.  That is why we have different spins on 'science' (if there really is just 'science'). If you live in a Communist state you would be taught about the evolution of man through his struggles to form collective solutions to problems. Capitalists tend to talk about evolution in terms of 'competition.' Thus... "Einstein (1950) said that everyday knowledge provides a huge store of useful metaphors and ideas. From these, the scientist makes a free selection of a set of axioms, and thereupon begins constructing a theory. Einstein thought the origin of his theory might relate to a childlike exploration of space, and consulted with Piaget on the possible similarities between his personal intellectual development and that of children (Miller, 1986). In analyzing the work of other scientists, philosophers (Black, 1962; Kuhn 1970; Toulmin, 1972) and historians (Miller 1986, Nercessian 1988) emphasize that science is a constructive activity. Its materials are drawn in part from the familiar images and metaphors of prior knowledge (Lightman, 1989, Miller, 1986)."  Learning in Interactive Environments: Prior Knowledge and New Experience at http://www.astc.org/resource/educator/priorknw.htm  "Just as sociobiology was emerging, a quite different view of science was becoming influential. According to this view, scientists make their decisions in large measure influenced by broader social contexts, such as those of economics and class structure" http://www.stephenjaygould.org/reviews/hull_sociobiology.html  "We live under capitalism, so we have capitalist science. We want to bring a different set of values into being, to bring about a new set of ruling ideas?ideas of a society without rulers, a part of a different ideology or world-view. We want to bring about a socialist society. It will, if we are vigilant, have a socialist science. I can imagine it, or some of it." SCIENCE IS SOCIAL RELATIONS at http://www.human-nature.com/rmyoung/papers/sisr1.html  "The major political task is seen as showing the reality of capitalist domination in the apparently neutral science" http://www.human-nature.com/rmyoung/papers/pap100h.html  A claim that your version of science is fabricated as 'normative' as part of the social-engineering of capitalism.  Further, my understanding is that to be deemed 'scientific', evolution must be falsifiable. It can't be because every new 'discovery' is immediately assumed to be part of evolution. If a bug is near invisible to predators; that evolution making it had to find. If the opposite is true; that's evolution making it easy to find - to warn predators. All parts of the spectrum are covered because evolution is dogmatically held to be 'true'... even when it can't make predictions, nor the actual process of evolution be shown. That is why evolutionary scientists can put on the table mutually exclusive theories, and yet still sell evolution as 'the answer'. It's like saying we don't know if 'A', 'B', or 'C' is correct, but whichever, evolution did it! When I was doing pre-history at university our text showed four separate pathways for the ascent of modern man. the Unilinear School; the Polyphyletic School' the Preneanderthal School; and the Presapiens School (Poirier, F E, "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology", p346ff) Each was based on the 'evidence'. BUT each was mutually exclusive of the others. But all were taught. Evolution had the answer, even if scientists didn't know which was the answer. Now, I believe there are other theories put forward, and these too are mutually exclusive.  Just a note for future reference: This does not mean that I am anti-science. But does that mean I accept scientists as being beyond human scruple? No.
A leading evolutionist, R. Dawkins says "Religion is also, of course, the underlying source of the divisiveness in the Middle East which motivated the use of this deadly weapon in the first place (referring to the September 11 attacks). But that is another story and not my concern here. My concern here is with the weapon itself. To fill a world with religion, or religions of the Abrahamic kind, is like littering the streets with loaded guns. Do not be surprised if they are used."  http://www.royal-ts.de/mtarchives/000328.php  I would like express my lack of desire to read a lot of raw quotes from other sources not related to the topics. I do not feel any "urge" to go through raw quotes. Please read them, and condense them into specific points or arguments if you expect me to reply to them. You can assume I have read a lot of published books from scientists, philosophers, and many other subjects, and can also read anything you might present. If you then want to debate a specific point, please do so. This is the most unique debating post I've yet seen. I gave a statement about scientists being creatures of their times; in presenting evidence. And gave an actual example - in the form of Charles Darwin and his scientific beliefs about female behaviour (influenced no doubt on Victorian ideals of femininity) Then I gave a statement regarding current western science (being influenced in this case by capitalism) and then gave references to support that. You lack of 'urge' to read - and hence to present an argument is, as I said, unique. I've never yet come across this type of retort before. Kudos. I can summarize by saying: 1. Someone suggested that science is beyond human scruples??  Who did this? You do this. You believe that the science speculation (based on no evidence) about aliens is great, but that the science speculation (based on no evidence) for other things such as the Bunyip, Bigfoot, yeti, trolls etc is not great. To use the classic reply... You mean it is only ad hoc speculation. A theory is supported by evidence, has explanative value, predicts other observations that can be tested. Things like the theory of gravitation, the helocentric (sic) theory, the germ theory of disease, the theory of plate tectonics, nuclear theory by which we operate nuclear power plants, and so on. (Post 67 of the "So, how did they get all those animals on the ark" thread.) But then for something you call 'science fiction' you're quite happy scientists spend squillions of dollars. That you accept so readily this activity is further evidence for my statement... that you'd actually defend them doing such that you yourself deem 'science fiction'. Further, you questioned (as you repeat here again), my very questioning of science. As if questioning of science (as you put forward) is itself indicative of an unstable mind. These are the exact same arguments religious people put when they justify inquisitions. Obviously (given the quote at top) Dawkins has combated the 'illogical' gene. I understand and appreciate your desire to help free me from such irrational thought. Don't give up just yet. :) Actually, last I understood, science is open to all and is actually formed around EXACTLY the understanding that humans are fallable (sic) and not always rational. Hence the decentralized process, the published findings, and the complete and total openness to change once sufficient evidence is presented (and usually a generation time-wise to get over the shock). You're either arguing vs. a strawman, or you misunderstand something about science. Or thirdly, someone here was actually suggesting that "science is beyond human scruples". As stated, I showed epistemological evidences here, and on other posts with regard to a) socialising process of (science) education b) influences upon scientists from without c) a priori beliefs (or, influences from within) If you did really believe in the 'checks and balances', then why do you have a problem with me stating scientists are influenced by factors like any other human engaged in other human activities. You either do believe that they are influenced, or they're not. Please pick a position. But, science is not open to all. Studies too have shown gender and cultural bias here as well. See the comparison between science and religion... "Natural science in the way it is practised is one of the great pillars of patriarchal domination. It is only in the fields of military and church that androcentristic behaviour, thinking and acting, i.e. thinking and acting fixed on men and on masculine ideals is as crucial as in natural science and technology." Gender in Bias in Science and Science Education http://www.physik.uni-bremen.de/physics.education/schwedes/text/bellater.htm "Standard Tests" show cultural bias. But why (re-)post them if you feel no 'urge' to read them? Fortunately, I suppose, I post for other people as well - the silent mob who read our debates; and hence do post them again here. 2. If you oppose the scientific process not dealing with things outside the physical universe, then you would seem to be anti-science. I am pro-science. I would like to see scientists freed from your restrictions. :) I would say irrational as well. That is not an insult, it demands to be used in this context. -Mach Here we're back to the 'you must be anti-science'. I am not. I am not in favour of your defining science by your philosophy of science. You and others here are yet to show your definition of science is science as opposed to philosophy of science. In order to demonstrate your view is science, by your own definition of science, you'd have to define it, using scientific method. So far several posters have responded to such a challenge with rhetorical ploys, gnashing of teeth regarding the impossibility of such a challenge, and philosophy - which is odd that there's a need to defend a definition of science by another discipline. (By the way, I have stated that historically there have been many views on the nature of science - including your materialistic one. Over the centuries others have had different views on what is science. This is in fact empirical - that there have been many views - thus my statement that your idea of science is a philosophy of science, is itself based on empirical evidence - given that a) it's historically one of many and b) your lack of proof for your claim :) Further, I like digital watches, TV, etc. Science provides lots of nice, nifty things. However, because of this, I am not 'bought' and recognise that there are factors affecting scientists. You don't. You believe some massive system of checks and balances exists. Either you are correct - and you've shown only your opinion on this, or I am correct, and I've shown citations that agree with me, or rather, that I agree with. And I must point out that in debating your 'side' on this matter for some time, I get this all the time. I post acres of evidences. The retort is "'no, it just can't be!"  Thus again ironically, I present facts from studies, and it's retorted by opinion, or in your case above 'no opinion', which is still making me smile. Oddly enough, you can't claim to be unaware of this avalanche of evidence, because you've seen the "Where does science say we come from?" thread, which I posted such gems as... "The scientific establishment bears a grisly resemblance to the Spanish Inquisition. Either you accept the rules and attitudes and beliefs promulgated by the 'papacy' (for which read, perhaps, the Royal Society or the Royal College of Physicians), or face a dreadful retribution. We will not actually burn you at the stake, because that sanction, unhappily, is now no longer available under our milksop laws. But we will make damned sure that you are a dead duck in our trade."  (Gould, Donald [former editor of New Scientist], "Letting poetry loose in the laboratory," New Scientist, 29 August 1992, p.51) http://www-acs.ucsd.edu/~idea/philoevolquotes.htm That's at the beginning, when we acquire science knowledge.... at the other end, biases occur, even in the choosing of which projects are chosen for funding. Often that bias is not even based on 'worth'. See "Evaluation and Adjudication of Research Proposals: Vagaries and Politics of Funding" http://www.qualitative-research.net.../3-02roth-e.htm "Social constructivism characterises the nature of knowledge to include the following: (1) knowledge is not a passive commodity to be transferred from a teacher to learners, (2) pupils cannot and should not be made to absorb knowledge in a spongy fashion, (3) knowledge cannot exist separate from the knower, (4) learning is a social process mediated by the learner's environment, and (5) the prior or indigenous knowledge of the learner is of significance in accomplishing the construction of meaning in a new situation. All learning is mediated by culture and takes place in a social context." "Transcending Cultural Borders: Implications for Science Teaching" at http://www.usask.ca/education/people/aikenhead/RSTE.htm I know that this sort of stuff can so easily be retorted by 'no it's not', but you're 'retort' "I haven't the urge to read it" is very interesting. The epistemological case: it is why evolutionary theorists can present mutually exclusive theories and yet still keep a straight face when they tell creationists that evolution is true, because it has all these evidences - evidences that point to what? Evolution. It's such a hollow claim. When you ask 'how?' you're given a half-dozen different, equally plausible ways, but this is supposed to support the idea that evolution is the answer? It is based on people who believe evolution 'just is'. I mean, it has to be, everyone's taught it! Another example is abiogenesis. It's taught that it happened, even though no one's agreed 'how?' In short, it seems that you don't care what theory is put forward, providing it falls into the category of your definition of science. It doesn't even matter if there's a dozen theories there - what this 'proves' I don't know, other then a happy belief that science has at least provided an answer that doesn't involve God.
They don't spend "squillions", whatever that means. Would it be possible to re-post your comments so that we can see which paragraph is a response to which comment - and who made it, it seems to be you are responding to Mach and myself, but it's difficult to tell some of which comments relate what was said.  If it's possible. :)  Mach your debating style, as stated is quite interesting. I quoted Dawkins, not paraphrase. There's a difference
Actually not. Actually, yes. Sorry, another of your 'just-so' refutations falls by the wayside. As I say you make statements of opinion, I present evidence. "Religion's Unguided Missile" From the Guardian Saturday September 15, 2001 http://www.simonyi.ox.ac.uk/dawkins/WorldOfDawkins-archive/Dawkins/Work/Articles/2001-09time_to_stand_up.shtml The above site is where he does a lot of back pedalling, it is a response to the out-cry such as... "Today?s Special on the Menu of Hate by John Liechty" On September 15, 2001 The Guardian published ?Religion?s Misguided Missiles?, a comment by Richard Dawkins that sought to explain the motivations behind what had happened four days before. Dawkins? conclusion is summed up in two memorable sentences: ?To fill a world with religion, or religions of the Abrahamic kind, is like littering the streets with loaded guns. Do not be surprised if they are used.? http://www.commondreams.org/views02/0711-07.htm But it is also found on pro-Dawkins sites http://www.geocities.com/knightsglobal/dawkins.html and he is viewed as a champion by http://www.blaserco.com/blogs/2002/10/17.html which repeats the claim  However, the whole text is... "Religion's misguided missiles  Promise a young man that death is not the end and he will willingly cause disaster Special report: terrorism in the US Richard Dawkins Guardian Saturday September 15, 2001 A guided missile corrects its trajectory as it flies, homing in, say, on the heat of a jet plane's exhaust. A great improvement on a simple ballistic shell, it still cannot discriminate particular targets. It could not zero in on a designated New York skyscraper if launched from as far away as Boston.  That is precisely what a modern "smart missile" can do. Computer miniaturisation has advanced to the point where one of today's smart missiles could be programmed with an image of the Manhattan skyline together with instructions to home in on the north tower of the World Trade Centre. Smart missiles of this sophistication are possessed by the United States, as we learned in the Gulf war, but they are economically beyond ordinary terrorists and scientifically beyond theocratic governments. Might there be a cheaper and easier alternative?  In the second world war, before electronics became cheap and miniature, the psychologist BF Skinner did some research on pigeon-guided missiles. The pigeon was to sit in a tiny cockpit, having previously been trained to peck keys in such a way as to keep a designated target in the centre of a screen. In the missile, the target would be for real.  The principle worked, although it was never put into practice by the US authorities. Even factoring in the costs of training them, pigeons are cheaper and lighter than computers of comparable effectiveness. Their feats in Skinner's boxes suggest that a pigeon, after a regimen of training with colour slides, really could guide a missile to a distinctive landmark at the southern end of Manhattan island. The pigeon has no idea that it is guiding a missile. It just keeps on pecking at those two tall rectangles on the screen, from time to time a food reward drops out of the dispenser, and this goes on until... oblivion.  Pigeons may be cheap and disposable as on-board guidance systems, but there's no escaping the cost of the missile itself. And no such missile large enough to do much damage could penetrate US air space without being intercepted. What is needed is a missile that is not recognised for what it is until too late. Something like a large civilian airliner, carrying the innocuous markings of a well-known carrier and a great deal of fuel. That's the easy part. But how do you smuggle on board the necessary guidance system? You can hardly expect the pilots to surrender the left-hand seat to a pigeon or a computer.  How about using humans as on-board guidance systems, instead of pigeons? Humans are at least as numerous as pigeons, their brains are not significantly costlier than pigeon brains, and for many tasks they are actually superior. Humans have a proven track record in taking over planes by the use of threats, which work because the legitimate pilots value their own lives and those of their passengers.  The natural assumption that the hijacker ultimately values his own life too, and will act rationally to preserve it, leads air crews and ground staff to make calculated decisions that would not work with guidance modules lacking a sense of self-preservation. If your plane is being hijacked by an armed man who, though prepared to take risks, presumably wants to go on living, there is room for bargaining. A rational pilot complies with the hijacker's wishes, gets the plane down on the ground, has hot food sent in for the passengers and leaves the negotiations to people trained to negotiate.  The problem with the human guidance system is precisely this. Unlike the pigeon version, it knows that a successful mission culminates in its own destruction. Could we develop a biological guidance system with the compliance and dispensability of a pigeon but with a man's resourcefulness and ability to infiltrate plausibly? What we need, in a nutshell, is a human who doesn't mind being blown up. He'd make the perfect on-board guidance system. But suicide enthusiasts are hard to find. Even terminal cancer patients might lose their nerve when the crash was actually looming.  Could we get some otherwise normal humans and somehow persuade them that they are not going to die as a consequence of flying a plane smack into a skyscraper? If only! Nobody is that stupid, but how about this - it's a long shot, but it just might work. Given that they are certainly going to die, couldn't we sucker them into believing that they are going to come to life again afterwards? Don't be daft! No, listen, it might work. Offer them a fast track to a Great Oasis in the Sky, cooled by everlasting fountains. Harps and wings wouldn't appeal to the sort of young men we need, so tell them there's a special martyr's reward of 72 virgin brides, guaranteed eager and exclusive.  Would they fall for it? Yes, testosterone-sodden young men too unattractive to get a woman in this world might be desperate enough to go for 72 private virgins in the next.  It's a tall story, but worth a try. You'd have to get them young, though. Feed them a complete and self-consistent background mythology to make the big lie sound plausible when it comes. Give them a holy book and make them learn it by heart. Do you know, I really think it might work. As luck would have it, we have just the thing to hand: a ready-made system of mind-control which has been honed over centuries, handed down through generations. Millions of people have been brought up in it. It is called religion and, for reasons which one day we may understand, most people fall for it (nowhere more so than America itself, though the irony passes unnoticed). Now all we need is to round up a few of these faith-heads and give them flying lessons.  Facetious? Trivialising an unspeakable evil? That is the exact opposite of my intention, which is deadly serious and prompted by deep grief and fierce anger. I am trying to call attention to the elephant in the room that everybody is too polite - or too devout - to notice: religion, and specifically the devaluing effect that religion has on human life. I don't mean devaluing the life of others (though it can do that too), but devaluing one's own life. Religion teaches the dangerous nonsense that death is not the end.  If death is final, a rational agent can be expected to value his life highly and be reluctant to risk it. This makes the world a safer place, just as a plane is safer if its hijacker wants to survive. At the other extreme, if a significant number of people convince themselves, or are convinced by their priests, that a martyr's death is equivalent to pressing the hyperspace button and zooming through a wormhole to another universe, it can make the world a very dangerous place. Especially if they also believe that that other universe is a paradisical escape from the tribulations of the real world. Top it off with sincerely believed, if ludicrous and degrading to women, sexual promises, and is it any wonder that naive and frustrated young men are clamouring to be selected for suicide missions?  There is no doubt that the afterlife-obsessed suicidal brain really is a weapon of immense power and danger. It is comparable to a smart missile, and its guidance system is in many respects superior to the most sophisticated electronic brain that money can buy. Yet to a cynical government, organisation, or priesthood, it is very very cheap.  Our leaders have described the recent atrocity with the customary cliche: mindless cowardice. "Mindless" may be a suitable word for the vandalising of a telephone box. It is not helpful for understanding what hit New York on September 11. Those people were not mindless and they were certainly not cowards. On the contrary, they had sufficiently effective minds braced with an insane courage, and it would pay us mightily to understand where that courage came from.  It came from religion. Religion is also, of course, the underlying source of the divisiveness in the Middle East which motivated the use of this deadly weapon in the first place. But that is another story and not my concern here. My concern here is with the weapon itself. To fill a world with religion, or religions of the Abrahamic kind, is like littering the streets with loaded guns. Do not be surprised if they are used. Richard Dawkins is professor of the public understanding of science, University of Oxford, and author of The Selfish Gene, The Blind Watchmaker, and Unweaving the Rainbow" http://www.guardian.co.uk/Archive/Article/0,4273,4257777,00.html I hope this link works :) It is linked at http://www.outlookindia.com/full.asp?fodname=20011009&fname=dawkins&sid=1, but I have had some trouble opening it, if it doesn't work I found it through this web-site http://watch.windsofchange.net/themes_02.htm  In short, you are wrong two. It is a quote. Dawkins said it. That is what I call an argument - presentation of a case, with evidence to back it up. I expect either a 'no it isn't' type argument will still continue to be your debating tool of choice. I do not look forward to seeing your other two favourite debates: a) I've been refuted somewhere else b) that I don't understand English  However, of more import, remember Mach said that it is I who doesn't make sense - not Dawkins. Here is an opportunity for him and you to distance yourself from Dawkin's hateful words. You know what 'hateful' is?   He is responding to your remarks in post #34. And no, it wasn't a direct quote from Dawkins. I guessed he may have been responding, but he's set out paragraphs not directly linked to particular paragraphs in my post - so I would have to match up comment from his with mine. It would be easier if he posts with direct quotes or references to which particular paragraph he's commenting on at any particular time.
This *looks at Montalban's post length* is exactly my point. You need to post all this why? To make a point? Nonsense. To refute something? Cite source and the single sentence quote, not the freaking chapter. Good gravy man, stop teaching the controversy (hey, new phrase!)  -Mach  You're kidding? That's your retort? That I post evidence only to make a point? The point was you said I hadn't quoted Dawkins. I had. You're wrong. I provide the whole text to show this. You made a 'just-so' statement. Your buddy Selasphorus repeated the claim that Dawkins never said it, he's thus wrong as well. He made a 'just-so' statement  And now your retort is that I have relied on evidence? This is a truly unique debating style you have. I apologise that I don't use 'just-so' statements so that you can follow the argument I make.  By the way, using your name - well you made the claim that you're not here to argue against Dawkins, and that I don't make sense. I give you the opportunity to distance yourself from Dawkin's silly claim - by implication of your post you believe he does make sense... in that you've no argument with him.
You are misunderstanding something, let's get back on track. I'm prepared to let it go that you don't acknowledge you're wrong about Dawkins. However, do you support what he says? It seems you do as you believe that only your version of truth - science based, is rational. Here is my quote below. Nowhere do I (nor should I) say that I didn't think you quoted Dawkins. In fact, if you read it again, you'll see I'm saying exactly the opposite. There is "no need to quote Dawkins", because you can assume I'll agree that what you post is correct, if you just site source and continue in your own words. Saying "I'm not here to debate Dawkins", is saying, "why are you quoting dawkins out of the blue, is it relevant?" Furthermore, I said basically you can assume I agree with Dawkins unless I tell you otherwise, for the sake of expeditious debate. I'm asking you to take the sum of those things you find debatable, and present them IN YOUR OWN WORDS, rather than a string of pages and pages of quotes from people that are not on the forums. I want to debate YOUR statements, specific statements. It's fine if your statements are in opposition to a single sentence or two of a cited source. But that's never the case, it's reams of raw data that I see posted. I don't see the need to read through pages and pages to extract a single point when you could save us all some time by cutting down the volume of text. Is that more clear? I hope so, because by asking for "fewer raw quotes", I got a big long one in response!!  -Mach I understand what you are saying. But I won't tailor my argument to suit your attention span. I am at great pains to construct an argument with references. If you don't want to read what I post, then frankly - don't. I believe in information. I work with it.
Well, I'm aware of the meaning of the word hateful, but I'm interested to hear what your implication is in this instance as I do not see the word as being appropriate. Ah irony. Dawkins talking about irrational hate, and showing it himself
Montalban Please list which of Dawkins books you have read. You comment on what Darwin really meant without having read anything that he wrote. Is it the same with Dawkins? By the way, I possess (and have read) many of his books. Because I have read his books and because I feel that I have understood his message, I disagree with him on many points. However, his evolutionary biology is above reproach. Are we debating here Dawkins entire theory on evolution, or are we debating what Dawkins said with regards to religion? I'll give you a clue see post 39 where you, when you posted under another UserID was shown to be wrong. (See - I reference the actual post where you were wrong - not make some hollow and vague reference to 'somewhere else') Otherwise you seem to be arguing something else entire. Note also, I gave the entire text of what Dawkins said on this issue. This should be simply registered by you as another mistake, but you want to go on and deny it, even when it's in black and white, with cross-references :)  As I said, me failing Biology has not affected in any way my arguments when I draw on citations that can be checked. You, who claims a degree in all sorts of things make a wave of the hand gesture to somewhere else, as if we are to take your word for that too! It is why you can't debate with reference to references - but make some gesture instead to something in the ether. Did they teach you that at the University of ???  And just in case you've forgotten... " I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. BUT the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient." (emphasis mine) http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html  And your retort? Each is as 'useful' as the other, but it's worth re-capping - since you won't let arguments rest. a) Darwin didn't use it. (Post 53 of the "Is it natural?" thread) b) He was convinced to use it by Wallace c) He was compelled to use it because it gained currency amongst the wider populace d) You taught me that Spencer coined the phrase.
In short you have trouble admitting to an error. I admit my mistakes - and short-comings; with regards my science education.  Though this now has little to do with the Moon Dust Theory, it goes to show that when opposed some pro-evolutionists are as addicted to religious-like dogma that even when presented with facts in black and white, they still deny, and revert to insults and accuse the opposition (in this case, me :)) of lying.  To keep with the religious-like zeal, the irony of Dawkins attack on religion is that he displays the same irrational hatred that he accuses fundamentalists of.   Here is part of a reply to one of Berlinski's articles, by one David C Denett... "I love it: another hilarious demonstration that you can publish bull---t at will - just so long as you say what an editorial board wants to hear in a style it favors. Fist there was Alan Soak's delicious unmasking of the editors of Social Text, who fell for his fashionably anti-scientific "proof" that according to quantum physics, the world is a social construction. Now David Berlinski has done the same to the editors of  Commentary, who fell just as hard for his parody of "scientific" creationism. They must really be oppressed by evolutionary theory to publish such inspired silliness without running it by a biologist or two for soundness. Two such similar pranks in a single month make one wonder if this is just the tip of the Zeitgeist. What next? A hoax extolling the educational virtues of the machine gun for tots in the American Rifleman?" David Berlinski; "Letters: David Berlinski and Critics" in Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", p290  Note it has the same hallmarks of some of the refutations here - generalised ad hominem and ridicule.    David Berlinsk's article reminds me of the tactics employed by a certain creationist with whom I once shared a platform in Oxford. The great evolutionist John Maynard Smith was, of course, easily able to destroy the creationist's case, and in his good-natured way he soon had the audience roaring with appreciative laughter at its expense. The creationist has his own peculiar way of dealing with this. He sprang to his feet, palms facing the audience in a gesture eloquent or magnanimous reproof. "No, no!" he cried reproachfully, "Don't laugh. Let Maynard Smith have his say. It's only fair!" This desperate (sic) pretence that the audience was laughing at Maynard Smith, when in fact it was laughing with Maynard Smith at the creationist himself, reminds me of Mr Berlinski's pretending to misunderstand Jacques Monod and me to the extent of thinking we disagree with each other over the issue of chance.  As for the identity of the creationist who tried to pull this little stunt on Maynard Smith, it was none other than David Berlinski. The audience, by the way, saw through his tactic instantly and treated it with hoots of derision"  -Richard Dawkins  Ibid, p288.   Neither party really attempts to refute Berlinski, but they are keen to make reference to him being a creationist - a misrepresentation, because he's not. Dawkins goes further to recount an instance of somewhere else (sound familiar?) to where he believes Berlinski was wrong. This is what happens when zealots are even dared questioned.
To apathy: Call me crazy, but I still don't see any evolution in the peppered moths!! We had light and dark moths before the industrial revolution, we now still have light and dark moths. The only thing that has changed is the population ratio, assumably by *natural selection*. Natural selection is not proof of evolution by any means. Creationists recognise it and accept it as it goes in nicely with the creationary model.   Natural selection is basically the death of a particular type of animal if they are unsuited to the environment. In a given environment (e.g. a very cold region), some (e.g. the long-haired dogs) will be more likely to survive, and so pass on their information, than others. Natural selection can favour some sets of information above others, and can eliminate some of the existing information in the population, but it can't create any new information.   An example, consider the cold environment mentioned above. We take a population of both long, short and medium, haired dogs to this environment. Over time, very short time, the population will only consist of the long haired dogs as the short and medium haired dogs would freeze and be wiped out by the cold conditions. So, as a result, the population as a whole has lost the information for making short haired dogs and has not gained any new information. What did we have when we first took the dogs to the environment? Dogs (varying in hair sizes). What did we get after a short amount of time? Dogs (only the long hair size). There is no evolution occuring here, we had dogs before, dogs after. The only difference is that the gene for making short hair has been eradicated from the population by natural selection -- that is it. This is the essense of natural selection - and goes in nicely with the Biblical account of our origins, i.e. variation within a kind and that kind's have the ability to only lose information - not gain it.  So even if the peppered moth case was really true, and not a fraud, it still would not be evidence for evolution as opposed to creation. Anyone who says other wise, does not really know what they are talking about unless new genetic information is somehow being added to the moth's total DNA content, i.e. their genome, in which case you might have a point.  Would any creationists like to challenge anything about this article or the concept?   His method appears to be good, i.e. using observations and experimental data, as well as repeatability. He is using the scientific method (in reverse as he is collecting the observations and experimental data and then will draw a conclusion based on the evidence and possibly his own bias. This is yet to be determined, however. Can you keep us informed of his progress?   Just to finish off: Majerus's research has focused on sexual selection, sex-ratio manipulation, and the evolution of melanism (the darkening of body color) in various moths, butterflies, and ladybirds.    I do not know all that much about peppered moths, just the story and why it is a fraud and even if it was not, why it does not support evolution over creation. But perhaps the darkening of teh body colour can be explained by the varriation within a kind?
To apathy: Call me crazy, but I still don't see any evolution in the peppered moths!! We had light and dark moths before the industrial revolution, we now still have light and dark moths. The only thing that has changed is the population ratio, assumably by *natural selection*. Natural selection is not proof of evolution by any means. Creationists recognise it and accept it as it goes in nicely with the creationary model.   Natural selection is basically the death of a particular type of animal if they are unsuited to the environment. In a given environment (e.g. a very cold region), some (e.g. the long-haired dogs) will be more likely to survive, and so pass on their information, than others. Natural selection can favour some sets of information above others, and can eliminate some of the existing information in the population, but it can't create any new information.   An example, consider the cold environment mentioned above. We take a population of both long, short and medium, haired dogs to this environment. Over time, very short time, the population will only consist of the long haired dogs as the short and medium haired dogs would freeze and be wiped out by the cold conditions. So, as a result, the population as a whole has lost the information for making short haired dogs and has not gained any new information. What did we have when we first took the dogs to the environment? Dogs (varying in hair sizes). What did we get after a short amount of time? Dogs (only the long hair size). There is no evolution occuring here, we had dogs before, dogs after. The only difference is that the gene for making short hair has been eradicated from the population by natural selection -- that is it. This is the essense of natural selection - and goes in nicely with the Biblical account of our origins, i.e. variation within a kind and that kind's have the ability to only lose information - not gain it.  So even if the peppered moth case was really true, and not a fraud, it still would not be evidence for evolution as opposed to creation. Anyone who says other wise, does not really know what they are talking about unless new genetic information is somehow being added to the moth's total DNA content, i.e. their genome, in which case you might have a point.  Would any creationists like to challenge anything about this article or the concept?   His method appears to be good, i.e. using observations and experimental data, as well as repeatability. He is using the scientific method (in reverse as he is collecting the observations and experimental data and then will draw a conclusion based on the evidence and possibly his own bias. This is yet to be determined, however. Can you keep us informed of his progress?   Also another example put forward is a bacteria that can only sustain itself by eating Nylon. The theory goes - nylon is a recent invention therefore this bacteria must have eolved recently. What it suggests however is that a portion of an existing population would have died if not for nylon... the bug has to have nylon, or it will die. It is akin to looking at a portion of the human population who would die from heart-trouble. But thankfully we've now got artificial hearts, therefore this portion can survive. They are not a new species of human, but live only because of a recent invention.
Hello, Nu Leader. Nor was the peppered moth example ever meant to "prove" evolution. One important part of the theory of evolution is the hypothesis that natural selection is the major driving force behind it. So, the peppered moth observations were meant to show that natural selection can have a significant effect on the relative frequency of genotypes. Almost all textbooks on evolution include the peppered moth as the classic example of evolution by natural selection. http://www.clcoc.org/news/peppered.htm "The peppered moth, Biston betularia (L.), is one of some 20,000 moth species found in the United Kingdom. It became a famous example of evolution by means of natural selection. after the Industrial Revolution. The typica variety of the moth is white with black speckles and is a striking lichen mimic." http://wiki.cotch.net/wiki.phtml?title=Peppered_moth For years the story of the peppered moth, Biston betularia, has provided one of the best-known examples of natural selection in action. http://www.millerandlevine.com/km/evol/Moths/moths.html Although I failed High School biology I do remember that the peppered moth was given to us as an example of evolution at work. And it didn't show anything about the frequency of genotypes, because the population has been producing the same moths. If all you can show that a moth population changes colour, then again, then back again how is this anything remotely like evolution? It is still being taught... http://www.bethtfiloh.com/biology9pepperedmoth.htm But it doesn't explain much. "Most biologists, however, believe that natural selection is responsible, though no one knows what traits are being selected or what factors in the environment are doing the selecting." http://www.arn.org/docs/wells/jw_pepmoth.htm Another look into this is given at... http://www.talkdesign.org/faqs/moonshine.htm All that has been observed is that the population changed colour. They don't even know why. Despite this, misleading statements such as ... "The peppered moth (Biston betularia (L.)) is a temperate species of night-flying moth notable for its evolution of industrial melanism." http://www.nationmaster.com/encyclopedia/Peppered-moth are continually spread. (http://www.millerandlevine.com/km/evol/Moths/moths.html) Cited above argues quite well that we still don't know why - all an evolutionist can say is 'it happened', and 'it happened by evolution'.  It is akin to Darwin giving examples of 'natural selection' by referring to how man breeds animals. In other words, his evidences for natural selection comes from non-natural, purpose driven selection. Darwin said "There is no reason why the principles which have acted so efficiently under domestication should not have acted under nature. In the survival of favoured individuals and races, during the constantly-recurrent Struggle for Existence, we see a powerful and ever-acting form of Selection."  http://www.tbi.univie.ac.at/Origin/origin_15.html  The phrase 'survival of the fittest' was not even Darwin's. It was urged on him by Wallace, the codiscoverer of natural selection, who hated 'natural selection' because he thought it implied that something was doing the selecting. Darwin coined the term 'natural selection' because had made an analogy with 'artificial selection' as done by breeders, an analogy Wallace hadn't made when he developed his version of the theory. The phrase 'survival of the fittest' was originally due to Herbert Spencer some years before the Origin  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/tautology.html  And this sort of thing continues today in modern textbooks.  "From time to time, attacks on neo-Darwinism are mounted, usually by persons who either see evolutionary theory as antireligious or who basically misunderstand Darwin's theory. One attack, entitled "Darwin's Mistakes," by Tom Bethell, was published in Harper's magazine.  Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory. (The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition.)* That is, evolution is the survival of the fittest. But who are the fittest? Obviously, the individuals who survive. Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival, we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors. This indeed is a tautology. But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness. Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons, in which the breeders' choice was the criterion for fitness. (Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way.) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders. Here too, survival is not the criterion for fitness, productivity is."  Robert H Tamarin, (1996) "Principles of Genetics" (5th ed), p571.   Incidentally, I am interested in your comment that natural selection is consistent with creationism. It was Darwin who first proposed that natural selection can be the major force driving the evolution of species. Creationists pretty much tried to discredit natural selection for over a century. It was only after scientific evidence was presented that showed decisively that natural selection was, indeed, a major contributor to evolution that creationists were finally forced to accept it.  I would be interested in know who was the first creationist to finally accept that natural selection is a real phenomenon, and when they accepted it. Where has it been shown? How is it used to make predictions about species chances of survival for the future?
Hi Ursus maritimus: Nor was the peppered moth example ever meant to "prove" evolution. One important part of the theory of evolution is the hypothesis that natural selection is the major driving force behind it.   Some sources appear to conflict this point, but if you say so. I agree about your second point. Was this peppered moth not hailed as an "example of evolution in action"? If so, this implies that it is proof of evolution.  So, the peppered moth observations were meant to show that natural selection can have a significant effect on the relative frequency of genotypes.   Okay, I see where you are getting at. This can be easily demonstrated and proved in the environment that it works today. I agree with you on this point, well done. Today, no informed creationist would deny natural selection. In fact, this along with mutations essentially destroys the belief of molecules to man evolution as they both have no possible way of acquiring the massive amounts of new genetic information required for evolution to be a valid explanation for our origins.  I am interested in your comment that natural selection is consistent with creationism. It was Darwin who first proposed that natural selection can be the major force driving the evolution of species.   I thought that it was a creationist who first talked about natural selection and saw it as a way of slowing down the effects of the Curse that God placed on His whole creation (i.e. by getting rid of mutations - beneficial mutations however aren't as readily removed from a population as they help a creature survive in a particular environment), after Adam and Eve sinned and rebelled against God. If what you say about creationists of past trying to disprove natural selection is indeed true, then this is a healthy part of science. As new evidence comes along, the theory or model must be adjusted accordingly to account and explain for that particular evidence.    I would be interested in know who was the first creationist to finally accept that natural selection is a real phenomenon, and when they accepted it.  I don't know his name, but I'll research it for you and tell you in a week or so.  NOTE: When I say beneficial mutations, I am not talking about a gain of new genetic information to the genome. The organism can survive in the environment by a loss of genetic information i.e. the loss of a function, for example the loss of wings of a beatle on a windy island helps it to survive. If they had wings, they may be blown into the ocean and drown. Over time, you may get a population of wingless beatles - the adaption would be mutation by natural selection. Not evolution. Which also fits beautifully with the creation account.
"We must have logical evidence for belief." Thomas Henry Huxley Mach, you are the same writer are you not who, whilst questioning my sanity claimed that height could not, and could be measured? You're starting to sound like someone who understands evolution. I don't see your argument here, you're basically supporting the steps necessary for natural selection. What you describe is one small step for evolution, you just have to repeat this 1,000,000 times over various other environmental and competitive contraints (sic) and viola, you'll probably see evolution at work on a scale that you can recognize.  You're almost there montalban!  -Mach Then a man who needs an artificial heart to survive is a new species of man. That is the analogy I gave, and you ignored.  In both cases; human and bacteria, before the advent of a human product, a particular group of individuals from each larger group would die off.  BUT along come a man-made invention that allows those certain portions to live on which otherwise would have died. In once case - nylon, the other, the artificial heart. You call this evolution.  Nor is it 'natural selection' at work either, as in both cases the thing that enabled them to survive was not natural. What you have advanced as a proof of evolution actually proves what? Natural what? I suppose people with cochlear implants are new species too because they've learnt to hear.  Another view of this nylon-eating-bug is given... "Finally, Mr Cerutti is out of date about this new nylon digesting ability allegedly from a frame shift. New evidence shows that the ability was due to plasmids [e.g. K. Kato, et al., ?A plasmid encoding enzymes for nylon oligomer degradation: Nucleotide sequence analysis of pOAD2?, Microbiology (Reading) 141(10):2585?2590, 1995.] In fact, more than one species of bacteria have the ability, residing on plasmids. This suggests that the information probably already existed, and was just passed between different types of bacteria."  "All that would be needed to enable an enzyme to digest nylon is a mutation causing loss of specificity in a proteolytic (protein-degrading) enzyme. This may seem surprising? How would a loss of information create a new ability? Answer: enzymes are usually tuned very precisely to only one type of molecule (the substrate). Loss of information would reduce the effectiveness of its primary function, but would enable it to degrade other substrates, too. Since both nylon and proteins are broken down by breaking amide linkages, a change in a proteolytic enzyme could also allow it to work on nylon. If this process were continued, the result would be a general enzyme with a weakly catalytic effect on the hydrolysis of too many chemicals to be useful where much selectivity is required. To put it into perspective, acids and alkalis also catalyze many hydrolysis reactions, but they also lack specificity. Indeed, an inhibitor of a protein degrading enzyme also inhibits the action of the nylon degrading enzyme" http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/feedback/negative7-24-2000.asp  Talkorigins gave their usual doubletalk "Whilst this particular case does not "prove" evolution, it is consistent with, and supportive of, the theory of biological evolution." Why do they say this? Because it's still a bacteria. It's not like it suddenly became a large multi-cellular organism. But it might just prove that this bug was so well designed that it can cope with newer situations. One site does say that it, the bacteria, had the capability already within it of change ? not resultant in ?mutations?, but more like switching on previously dormant apparatus. http://members.tripod.com/aslodge/id89.htm  One poster on another forum summed the problem up like this... " In order for species to advance there would have to be a net information gain, which isn't the case with nylon eating bacteria. The bacteria gained the ability to digest nylon, therefore was able to survive in a new environment. Two distinct advantages But, the bacteria lost its ability to survive in its old environment, eat its former diet and suffered a 98% loss in efficiency. Three disadvantages. So by taking two steps forward and three steps backward, where is the net gain?  If nylon eating bacteria was "proof" of evolution, we would still be pond scum, but with the ability to digest whatever happened to become the primary food source." http://www.christianforums.com/t52336
[quote=Montalban]Then a man who needs an artificial heart to survive is a new species of man. That is the analogy I gave, and you ignored.  [quote=Archilochus]And well he should have ignored it. Your analogy is nonsense. Just saying it is, doesn't make for an argument. All analogies have dissimilarities, but they do have similarities to make them analogies. You've just dismissed mine. I believe the similarities are great enough to make it a good analogy. Rather than state a 'just-so' statement as you do, I will explain why... [quote=Montalban] In both cases; human and bacteria, before the advent of a human product, a particular group of individuals from each larger group would die off.  [quote=Archilochus]Can you state that in English? What does that mean? Welcome back Ungerdunn. You have two general populations a) One human b) One bacteria In both cases a small portion of that population was always being born/coming into being that would die off due to a defect. in population a) because some were born with a faulty heart in population b) because some were unable to process their normal diet. Then along comes man-made inventions. One - the artificial heart the other - nylons. Now in population a) those with faulty hearts can live and in population b) those unable to process their food now have a new food stuff. You deem one case to be evolution, but not the other. Nor is it 'natural selection' at work either.  Certainly not. Why would you make such a remark? While a mutation that allowed a bacteria to metabolize nylon waste products is most certainly an example of evolution, heart transplants (artificial or otherwise) aren't. It is an ignorant assertion to claim that they are. That's assuming that there was a mutation in the bug that allowed them to take on the new source. One of the sites I cited suggested that they already had an inherent ability to do that. All it took was the right man-made invention to come along to prevent them dying out. All important to this is a man-made intervention made survival possible. If it weren't for nylons, they'd keep on dying. What was 'natural' about the selection? It was the product of Intelligence, even though the result was not foreseen that allowed these nylon bugs to live. What you have advanced as a proof of evolution actually proves what?  Science doesn't offer proof. Are you so ignorant? Much less can science offer "proof" of evolution by means of organ transplants. The idea is simple minded at best. Well Ungerdunn, already the abuse. since it seems to be important to you, why don't you offer "proof" that evolution doesn't happen. Other creationists have already admitted that it does in this thread. Good for them. There are many different theories of evolution and many accommodate deism. I take it you had a point?  I'm not trying to participate in gang debate, but well.. I am used to it. The population of "people with heart trouble" would only be in jeopardy if the heart trouble made it more difficult to reproduce. If reproduction is not hindered then there is much less chance of dying off. I think dying of heart trouble would cause some difficulties in reproduction. However you assume that the bug population did not produce offspring for some many years before the advent of nylon; that a portion of them would die off because they needed what nylon contains. Just helping something live doesn't affect evolution unless it affects the ability to reproduce viable offspring.  If there was no nylon before the 1940s and there is an organism that can survive by eating NOTHING else, what does that tell you? There could not have been a population of nylon-eating bacteria before 1940. This is a new population that did not exist before. There was a population of the bug before the production of nylons. However, the members of the population that needed nylon died off before the advent of nylon. Just as the population of humans that needed insulin, heart devices, anti-cancer drugs etc. died off before the advent of modern technologies. There is no evidence to suggest that the bug was not producing these nylon-dependent versions before nylon; and that they weren't all dying prior to nylon. This is retarded. A species would be defined by the genome, not which organs work the way they are supposed to or not. A genome does not contain all the material that is necessary to account for the creature. But otherwise, you've lost me on this retort. I don't know what it is your driving at. None of these alternate views go outside the framework of evolution. They all use poor wording, though, and try to lead one to some conclusion about "information" or something. Interesting 'just-so' statement. Do you think it is a mutation if you use a pre-existing apparatus? Or is it a mutation if you change to suit a change in the environment?
[quote=Montalban]That's assuming that there was a mutation in the bug that allowed them to take on the new source.  It isn't a bug. It is a bacterium. Yes, I understand that it's a bacterium. However in common usage the term 'bug' is used. It appears in the sites given. http://www.talkorigins.org/origins/postmonth/apr04.html Has no problem with the term. Why do you? I found out about it under the term 'nylon bug'. And yes, there was a mutation (a frame shift) that allowed them to use the new source. That is one theory. http://www.answersingenesis.org/tj/v17/i3/bacteria.asp Suggests another. All it took was the right man-made invention to come along to prevent them dying out.  But these bacteria don't survive otherwise. Do you actually have any idea as to how bacteria reproduce? How can a strain of bacteria survive if an essential requirement for survival is lacking. You seem slow so I'll tell you. It can't. You're assuming that in the normal reproduction of a group of bacteria this bacteria never before created 'mutant' versions that died off because there was no nylon prior to the 1940s. How do you know this? How do you know that in their reproduction that they produce members that have died off in the past. All important to this is a man-made intervention made survival possible. There was no man-made intervention. The particular bacterium in question don't survive at all without nylon waste products. It nylon didn't exist, then there is no possibility that some population existed that was just waiting for nylon to be developed. The bacteria do not survive outside of an environment produced by the waste products of the manufacture of nylon. There may be other bacteria that live in the same environment, but they do not metabolize the waste products of the manufacture of nylon. Where do you think nylon comes from? Somehow this is a natural case involving a man-made invention?!? If it weren't for nylons, they'd keep on dying. Wouldn't it have been nice if you had actually educated yourself before you spoke? It it weren't for nylon, they wouldn't exist. There was no strain of bacteria that was limping along, all but dying out for lack of nylon waste. The bacteria in question do not exist without nylon. Educate yourself before you speak. Even if this particular frame shift mutation had occurred on a daily basis, the bacteria would not have been viable. Only when this particular mutation occurred in waste products from the production of nylon was this frame shift mutation viable. "Limping along" is a strawman. In both cases I gave; nylon bug, and human I made no statement about the general populations on the whole verging on extinction. What I'm saying the general population may have been producing 'off-spring' (for want of a better word) most of which survived because they were alike their 'parents'. However, occasionally they produced a freak that just died because there was no nylon. However, at one stage nylon was invented and when another of these freaks was produced, it survived. What was 'natural' about the selection?  Well, in a new environment an organism evolved to adapt to that environment. A new gene allowed the organism to take advantage of previously unused energy sources. Since It wasn't planned, or even expected, by humans, it happened for natural reasons. So when man accidentally eradicates a species, they died naturally? [quote=Montalban] It was the product of Intelligence, even though the result was not foreseen that allowed these nylon bugs to live.  You're kidding, right? Let me see if I have this right. Because humans designed nylon a random frameshift mutation is a bacterium that allows it to metabolize certain waste products of the manufacture of nylon is also a product of design and therefore evidence for your god. Beautiful straw-man, Ungerdunn. Well done. How on earth you take any of this as being an argument for Orthodoxy? Where was it mentioned? But, you assume there was a frame-shift. Science doesn't offer proof. Are you so ignorant? Are you intending to be insulting? Even posting under a new user-name your abusive nature comes out. Much less can science offer "proof" of evolution by means of organ transplants. The idea is simple minded at best.  Well Ungerdunn, already the abuse.  What are you talking about? What abuse? It seems that you are unable to differentiate disagreement with your ill formed ideas with abuse. If you are unwilling to educate yourself as to the basics of the topic and your illiterate ideas are characterized as "simple minded", that isn't abuse. It is an honest opinion of your less than informed assertions. If you aren't mature enough to debate, perhaps you should reconsider your decision to participate on a discussion board. I think that calling someone pathetic, ignorant, unable to fathom English etc is abusive. I point this out to you to give you an opportunity to discontinue.  since it seems to be important to you, why don't you offer "proof" that evolution doesn't happen. Other creationists have already admitted that it does in this thread.  Good for them. There are many different theories of evolution and many accommodate deism. I take it you had a point?  I see. Then you aren't able to do so. I thought as much. However many theories of evolution you want to invent, all of them have to do with the common descent of all life. You just don't know why. What is worse, you seem to claim that anyone who attempts to instruct you is posting 'abuse.' See above regarding choice of language. However it is odd that you accept that other creationists believe in evolution, obviously they are an example that argues against your very ideas here of a homogenous belief in evolution. There are different ideas, some are inclusive of creation, such as the Intelligence Design theorist - unless you believe that I 'made them up' :) How terribly pathetic. See above. You have been warned I find such terms abusive.
Yes, I understand that it's a bacterium.  That wasn't apparent from your discussion. Really? So you didn't read any of the links that refer to it as a nylon 'bug'? But rather than ask me - what I meant by the term, you just tell me what you think I was thinking. However in common usage the term 'bug' is used. Not very often as far as I know. Perhaps your are used to thinking so inexactly when trying to make a point. Now really. Even here you've been shown what I meant by it, by me stating it, by me referencing it by that term. It's hard to admit you failed even when you were making a  "talkorigins" Has no problem with the term. Why do you? I found out about it under the term 'nylon bug'. Didn't you read your own reference carefully? The word came from the original poster who referenced AIG. It seems that it isn't Talk Origins that uses the word, but AIG. The article you use to justify using the word doesn't itself use the word. That's not what I said. I didn't say that talkorigins coined it, or give it currency. I said that they had no problem with it. When retorting AIG that made no reference to it being termed a 'bug'. There is a difference albeit a subtle one for some. The poster introduces the term saying that AIG have an article about a nylon bug. Talkorigins, don't have a problem with it, because they don't refute the term used, but rather AIGs article. They obviously understand what is important and don't want to be petty by arguing over a rather insignificant point. In American terms; they let it 'slide'. I believe that is the correct expression. Therefore they had no problem with the term. Only you do. AIG Suggests another. Right. God jumped in and created a new species of bacterium after nylon had been invented. If that is what happened, then why not set it forward?  You're assuming that in the normal reproduction of a group of bacteria this bacteria never before created 'mutant' versions that died off because there was no nylon prior to the 1940s. How do you know this?  Actually, I'm not. I am saying that this isn't a case of human intervention. The use of the word just doesn't make any sense. Humans did intervene, even if they didn't mean too by providing a new source of food.[/quote] What I'm saying the general population may have been producing 'off-spring' (for want of a better word) most of which survived because they were alike their 'parents'. However, occasionally they produced a freak that just died because there was no nylon. However, at one stage nylon was invented and when another of these freaks was produced, it survived. I understand. You are point out an example of macroevolution, that is, the evolution of a new species by means of two of the mechanisms of evolution: mutation and natural selection. You say I am.  So when man accidentally eradicates a species, they died naturally?  Certainly. Since "man" is part of the environment, and mankind tends to change the environment, the extinction of a species because it is unable to adapt is natural selection. That's an incredibly novel usage of the term 'natural'. Beautiful straw-man, Ungerdunn. Well done. How on earth you take any of this as being an argument for Orthodoxy? Where was it mentioned?  Who are you talking to? Have you confused the threads? It was mentioned in the articles from AIG that you cited. If you didn't mean that, then you shouldn't call upon AIG as experts. No, you suggested that I was trying to promote my version of God (which is synonymous with the idea that I am promoting 'God' in absolute terms). AIG is a Protestant site and in religious terms Orthodox class them as heretics or schismatics (that is subject for another debate which you're welcome to take part in). Therefore I am not promoting my God through someone else's idea of my God. It is illogical to do so. It is equally remarkable that you suggest that a citation from one site means that I accept absolutely everything they believe. I am not debating the totality of AIG's vision of God/ nature/ the world, I am referencing a specific rebuttal of the debate at hand. It is just confusion to suggest I am making a much larger argument. I can't possibly know everything that AIG publishes, and therefore can't possibly be held to believe everything that they publish, anyway.   But, you assume there was a frame-shift.  Actually, I don't. I read the papers. I think that you have accepted the denials of AIG because it fits in with  Accepting this style of argument it is easy enough to suggest the reverse is true; that you reject AIG's ideas about the nylon bug because you refuse to believe in particular things. However, I won't make that kind of argument because it is illogical. I can see that you believe that if I put forward one thing in means a hundred other things are also put forward. [quote=Archilochus]Science doesn't offer proof. Are you so ignorant? [quote] ]Are you intending to be insulting?  Certainly not. I was asking a question. Is it that you don't know the meaning of the word "ignorant"? You tread a fine line. Even a rhetorical question is loaded with assumption. However there are proofs in science. What way are you using 'proof'? Although I've been over this before; evolution is 'true' because of the evidences etc. etc. I think that calling someone pathetic, ignorant, unable to fathom English etc is abusive. I point this out to you to give you an opportunity to discontinue.  Like I said. You don't seem to be able to distinguish between disagreement with your ideas and insults. I have noticed that you are quite abusive and insulting to others most of the time. It seems that you are unwilling to practice what you preach. That's not true. I am not insulted by you saying here that I'm unable to distinguish between retort and abuse. Saying I am wrong is one thing. Using words such as pathetic etc are different. It is an insult, if it is insulting and it is, unless you can explain how you meant it in another fashion. It is an absolute strawman to engage in someone in insulting terms and then come up this argument of yours. Saying 'how pathetic' leaves exceptionally little lee-way for true debate. You use a word which is condescending; in that you say it evokes pity; that my argument is couched in the terms of 'pathos'. Not how only a small fraction of your argument is based on the actual nylon bug. I have no more at present to say on this as it speaks for itself. But I am not leaving these debates, in toto.
Hey, Bootfitter Hey Archilochus! I note that you've dropped the complaint about the use of the word 'bug', and even the attempt to re-work talkorigins onto your side. Apology accepted. I also note that you've dropped the illogical argument that a debate over the nylon bug equates to me pushing for the belief in Orthodoxy. Apology accepted there too. But hey, let's not argue about the issue of the bug anyway, lets just spend a bit of time in debating about each other... The problem seems to be lack of adequate background. In a post somewhere on these boards, Montalban mentioned that he had flunked high school biology. Doesn't it seem strange that he would involve himself in discussions of biological science when he lacks the knowledge to pass a 10th grade course? Just a small point; it wasn't a 10th grade course. You are applying American educational practices to Australian. It was in Year 12, or 6th form in the old terminology. Yes I am not ashamed of this. I state too where I have not read a book. Honesty, I believe is the best policy. Funny you, a person who has only just 'joined' would know this....and the following notions.... Not only that, he also admitted that he hasn't even read On The Origin of Species. And yet he argued that "survival of the fittest" was central to Darwin's theories. It seems Ungerdunn has resurfaced. He wasn't even aware that Darwin opposed the phrase as representative of his theory and only used it in the 4th edition of "Origins." Which is quite a slight of hand, and rather boring as you've presented this same nonsense three times already, and all I have to do is point out that Darwin, in the 6th edition argued in favour of using a tautology. It is quite remarkable that you would state your argument again and again and again, only for me to have to cut-and-paste it (I've saved it, because so predictable are you). "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient."   from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species"  http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html  Is it honest to present such argument again and again, and also to re-visit this forum after being banned, using another username? There is probable reason to believe you also posted before that as Lurch, and as such was banned under that name, too. A three-times 'bannee', and you still come back and pedal the same stuff.  It is clear Darwin says he preferred a tautology, and embarrassing to his apologists, this is in a later work than the one you cite.  Is it any wonder that he is confused by my use of the word "natural" in natural selection. Moreover, he offers links to sites such as "Answers in Genesis" as evidence to support his position. 'Natural' suggests through nature. Natural selection is without 'purpose'. Man can give something purpose and can reason, and even if man acts purposefully and achieves an accidental ends, this does not underlie the fact that man acts with purpose. For you to suggest that nature, acting through random means is the same as man acting through non-random means is to attribute to nature purpose which is the antithesis of natural selection. Are you suggesting nature has a purpose? Or, a higher intelligence akin to man's? (see below before commenting) It seems to me that Montalban has been swayed by the unfounded opinions of the ignorant because they tell him what he wants to hear And of course the uberman is not subject to such things. (keep going)  It isn't as if he has the knowledge to evaluate the information that he hears in the light of science. It seems that he has freely admitted that it is not the case. Don't get me wrong. I don't have any axes to grind with those who have difficulty in understanding what science is an how it operates. Oh please. Your whole purpose is to push your own ideas. It is naive in the extreme to suggest this. (just a little further, still got to wade through your ad hominem's first) My freshman roommate realized early on in Biology 101 that he had a problem. He didn't understand the subject, probably because he wasn't interested. So I took it upon myself to tutor my roommate. It helped me because we reviewed all of the information before every test, and I was required to comprehend the information enough to explain it to my roommate. He passed through sheer power of will and memory. This is relevant, how? No, don't bother answering. One wonders if Montalban had paid attention in biology class, or undertook to read some basics of evolutionary biology, I studied pre-history at university. I have quoted a number of times on this forum from the text; now somewhat dated; owing to my age. "In search of Ourselves" by Poirier. But that's irrelevant too. The issue isn't what we've studied, but what we understand. if he would know that Darwin proposed two forms of "selection," artificial selection and natural selection. Artificial selection is, of course, the breeding of domestic animals where the breeding stock is intentionally "selected" by the breeder for certain desired traits. Anything else is natural selection, where there is differential reproductive success in a particular environment. Ah-ha, here we are. Are you saying that an accidental breeding undertaken by man is natural? Darwin says that even when man did it by accident, it was artificial... "Hence it must be assumed, not only that half-civilized man succeeded in thoroughly domesticating several species, but that he intentionally or by chance picked out extraordinarily abnormal species; and further, that these very species have since all become extinct or unknown. So many strange contingencies are improbable in the highest degree." http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-01.html "Man has an aim or an end in view; `natural selection' can have none." *E. Russell, The Diversity of Animals, (1962), p. 124. It has 'no' purpose. Man has purpose, if he builds a city, that is purposeful. If he builds a bomb, and is accidentally killed by it, it is not 'natural' causes. Montalban seems to think that because mankind produces pollutants that affect other organisms that it is somehow "intervention" by mankind. Then I guess the pollution of the environment by rodents who spread the hantavirus by feces, urine and saliva is "intervention" by rodents. No, the pollution caused by man is not natural in this case. Tell me what is 'natural' about nylon? Does it bio-degrade? It was introduced into 'nature' not by nature, but by man. It is akin to going down to the ocean, rescuing an injured penguin, and feeding it. It's survival was by you providing it with food. That is what man did with nylon. Likewise, when man invented nylon he didn't know all the uses it could be turned into, however the act of it's production was purposeful. That he accidentally discovered other uses for it does not make these 'natural'. Lest I be accused of being abusive, let me offer this definition of my meaning: Ignorant 1 : destitute of knowledge or education; also : lacking knowledge or comprehension of the thing specified 2 : unaware, uninformed SO? You lack knowledge about the Darwin's ideas with regard to 'survival of the fittest' and you claim to have read the book! Reading it hasn't empowered you at all. What is worse, is that you continually bring this argument back to light with some new or different poster. And I have to embarrass you by citing from Darwin's 6th edition again and again. It is not fun for me to do so, but I must because somehow you must believe that you can convince people with your 'just-so' statements based on your dogmatic belief in Darwin, despite the evidence from the man himself. It is in fact why I don't mind admitting I've never read the book, because I still understand what Darwin meant when he says he thinks a tautology to be a superior term. In that sense, it appears to me that Montalban is ignorant of science in general, and evolutionary biology in particular. Since he has admitted that he was unable to pass 10th grade biology, that is not an evaluation of his character but an observation drawn from his own statement. There was no 10th grade biology course. I passed 10th grade science (which was general science and included biology). This is only a minor point, as I failed biology two years later, but it is you making assumptions based on the limits of your own experience, and expecting that the Australian educational system follows the same pattern as in America. It might seem petty, but hey, you wanted to argue over the term 'bug' and then didn't concede when I showed that you were wrong. It also goes to the level by which you extrapolate ideas from a limited number of facts. [/quote]One wonders why one would choose to argue a topic about which one lacks knowledge.[/quote] You assume that one only gains knowledge from formal learning? Obviously people in the USA didn't speak a word of language until school -where formal teaching begins! But anyway, what have we learnt so far a) you argue about the meaning of 'bug' have been shown that talkorigins don't have a problem, but you still argued until you realised that you were wrong, you don't admit you're wrong b) you argue about the idea that I am pushing Orthodoxy by quoting from a non-Orthodox Christian site, argued this for a while, then withdrew, again not admitting you were wrong c) you argued (again) about survival of the fittest from Darwin, but select an earlier edition, and we've already been over this several times, I continually quote the 6th ed that shows Darwin preferred a tautology, yet you don't admit you're wrong, even though Darwin says he finds the tautology 'superior' d) you use words that are insulting like 'pathetic' and argue that it's not an insult, even if it does insult, and have yet to show how it was meant in a constructive manner, I guess 'sorry' doesn't appear in the lexicon e) you apply assumption of schooling curriculum from America to Australia and make a strange emotive appeal based on an idea that is suggestive that you believe that the only education a person gets in the subject is a formal one. AND all of this because you don't wish to argue over the nylon bug issue itself. In short, rather than argue the issue, you try all sorts of ad hominem, of which I'm only to happy to respond to. In summary you make a number of very small points which when refuted you might try and drag out for one more post before dropping, with no admission you were ever wrong. You make connections of lines of thought -such as a dispute of one thing equals support of another You make ad hominem, and use insults, then deny that they are insults, even though you recognise I was insulted, and still can't provide how you meant them in a non-insulting way AND then you appeal for support from other posters by use of devices of emotional rhetoric. I believe that about covers all the 'points' that you tried to make. :)
I just want to point out that usage of the word "bug" is common when referring to bacteria. Unfortunately it's also common to refer to viruses as bugs, as well as any "microbe". This is true. It could be argued that it is improper use, but it has gained such general currency, and English is a living language. And common usage of the word "natural" precludes man's involvement. Although man cannot be separated from nature, in common usage the word natural is opposite to artificial, which means that man had a hand in it. I agree with you here on the later part of your statement. That we alone in the animal kingdom (or in life altogether) are the sole possessors of "purpose" is quite doubtful. When a bird makes its nest, it does so for a purpose. When dogs pack up, they do it for a reason, a purpose. When monkeys groom each other, there is a purpose for doing so. Perhaps I might disagree with you here. A dog's purpose, I believe is different from man's. A tree branch can have a natural 'purpose' in the sense you use, but we humans could for instance use it as a weapon, creating a purpose in addition to that which was natural. Maybe I worded my tract badly. We as humans, (in my opinion which is contrary to Montalban's) are not "above" nature as we cannot be separated from it. We are bound within it. I am not sure if I agree with you here, for I believe that man is 'natural' in that we are biological, physical, material, etc. But we have, I believe, a 'nature' that transcends the material world. It most probably falls out side the scope of the current debate, though your comments are most welcome.
I just want to point out that usage of the word "bug" is common when referring to bacteria. Unfortunately it's also common to refer to viruses as bugs, as well as any "microbe".  That may be true but that is not the point. Montalbam's scientific competence is in question. He has demonstrated before that he had difficulty grasping scientific topics. After all he failed biology, not as a child as I assumed, but two years later, when he should have been mature enough to grasp the concepts. I was not sure that Montalban understood that his "nylon bug" was a bacterium, so I pointed out the obvious to him. His response was that Talk Origins approved of that use, when in fact, the reference came from Answers in Genesis. The Talk Origins author actually never called it a bug, but in fact pointed out that it was a bacterium - in fact two species of bacteria. Somehow correcting the questioner, as I corrected him, becomes approval to Montalban. I didn't say that they 'approved' it. I said they had no problem with it. If they had a problem they, like you, would have made an issue of it; perhaps saying "Although it's commonly referred to as a nylon bug, it's actually..." but they didn't qualify the term used, they accepted it without comment. Therefore they had no problem with it. You have spent an inordinate amount of time upon this when several citations use it, I've used it, another poster uses it. But you're right, everyone else is wrong... even the good professionals at talkorigins need to be called into question by you. Certainly pathogens of many kinds are sometimes referred to as bugs by the vulgar masses. But Montalban tries to represent that he is discussing science and still consults his "Little Golden Dictionary" for the definitions of scientific terms. That just isn't sufficient. More than once Montalban has quoted his little dictionary to support his misunderstanding. Pathetically, the definition that he proposes is not that used by biological scientists. Another ad hominem based on such a generalisation.  How sad that he admits that he lacked the understanding to pass a basic course in biology, and yet he has now miraculously gained the knowledge to challenge 150 years of biological science science. Again you assume that I undertook a particular type of course by claiming that it was 'basic'. You continually add information to what I said. Let me point out some other examples of Montalban's understanding of debate. He began using the word "evolutionary" as a noun. When it was pointed out to him that the word is an adjective, he claimed that because it was used in the title of a book, as in "Evolutionary Biology", that it was a noun, since book titles are nouns. He never did respond to the retort that therefore, "on", "the", "of", "by", "means", are all therefore nouns because they are all used in the title of the book, "On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection." Have we been over this before? The name of something is a noun. Montalban doesn't understand science, he doesn't understand biology (by his own admission), and he has demonstrated his lack of understanding of the English language. I wonder if he also failed English along with biology. He is offended when his lack of understanding of English is pointed out since he says that it is his "native language." Yes again I warn you, questioning someone's grasp of something as basic is insulting. So now Montalban claims that I "dropped" my objection to his use of the word "bug." Not true. I pointed out that Talk Origins didn't "approve" the word, since the author didn't use it. Talk Origins correctly discussed a bacterium and made no approval of the word "bug." Using the reference I gave, show me where talkorigins don't approve of the use of the word 'bug'. I didn't apologize. Yes, I noted that. Montalban is a liar on two counts. I assume you believe you are not being insulting here either. I also didn't argue that Montalban was "pushing" for his belief in "Orthodoxy." I stated that he was representing his ignorance of science as evidence of his god. He continues to do so. I didn't apologize. Montalban is a liar. But your accusation is still illogical. It is akin to me saying that you pushing for evolution is evidence of atheism. No where did I say my argument meant approval for God. You seem to equate any argument against materialist evolution as an argument for Christianity. Where is the connection between the two - only you repeat a 'just-so'. Yes I am not ashamed of this.  Montalban tells us this of his fail of biology. I would be. I never failed a course, not even in earning my degrees in biology. And yet you assume that you are able to instruct me because of your belief in bronze age mythology. A repeat of an illogical conclusion here. That an argument I make about the nylon bug equates to an argument for God, there is in fact no connection I've made, only you make it. I am disgusted by your lies and misreprestations (sic). Your posts are abusive and insulting. Why I think you believe that I am insulting is that I would dare to argue with you. That is not abusive. Unless you can come up with specific incidents of an insult, other than the fact that I 'dare' to argue against you. And that doesn't even take into account your ignorance of the topic that you are discussing. You flunked biology and you presume that you can instruct a degreed biologist. By the way, I also have a degree in linguistics, so your "I know my native language" argument doesn't hold water. You assume that just because you have a degree, in either biology or linguistics or whatever, that you can't be wrong. Yet despite all this 'learning' you make arguments about Darwin, even when Darwin's own words disagree with you! You make a big deal about the word 'bug' when a site such as talkorigins has no problem with it.
To Ursus maritimus:  I would be interested in know who was the first creationist to finally accept that natural selection is a real phenomenon, and when they accepted it.  Keeping true to my word - that I would find out who - I am back. The Christian Creationist who expounded the idea of natural selection before Darwin did is called Edward Blythe. You can read more about him and his contribution, as well as the history behind Darwin's natural selection idea, at the following link: Darwin and the search for an evolutionary mechanism.  As for Christians attacking natural selection, it has been revealed to me that this may not have happened to the extent that you are implying. Some uniformed Christians, however, may have reacted to this idea, as the mere suggestion of it being the mechanism Darwin posulated for his evolutionary theory would have probably cast it in bad light. Rather, what was alleged to have occured with the help of this "mechanism", evolution of the molecules to man type was vehemently attacked, e.g. the Evolution Protest Movement of Great Britain led by John Ambrose Fleming.
To Mach:  First, the adaptation refers to the adaptation of the species. A population of wingless beetles survives. The missing wings is the mutation, and isn't caused by anything other than a mutation, it's not a result of their being winds, or there being a god, it's just a mutation in the gene code.  Yes, the mutation causes the "missing wings". This now diversifies (or splits up) the original beetle population into two groups, i.e. beetles with and without wings. By natural selection, over relatively short periods of time, the beetles with wings will be wiped out and drown. Hence, the adaption is mutation by natural selection. Just a short way of putting mutation diversifies original population, and than natural selection then gets rid of those creatures who cannot survive in a particular environment (i.e. the beetles with wings) and thus leave the wingless beetles. Sorry if I didn't make that clear.  The gene for the wings can dissappear into the endless gulf of other discarded mutations since those organisms that carry it will most likely die off before reproductive age. It can also be left in the DNA sequence, unused, and not active, unless some other mutation activates it. ( A large percentage of our DNA seems to be unused garbage code).  The original population had the information for wings. The mutation *destroyed* the information for making wings, i.e. it has been erased from the genome of that particular beetle. If that beetle gets together with another beetle that has lost the information for making wings, they will produce wingless beetles. IMHO, the only way for this wingless population of beetles to get back to how it was originally, i.e. beeltes with wings, is if the information for creating wings was introduced from another beetle population that already has the information for making wings. The wingless beetles themselves could not produce off-spring with wings as they do not have the genetic information with the instructions on telling the creature how to make wings. When you say that it can also be eleft in the DNA sequence, do you mean kind of like a "carrier"? Assuming that you are right with this particular characteristic, this is still not evolution. The genetic information is already still there for making wings. No new information (DNA) has been introduced into the beetle's genome.  All life on earth seems to. Yet you don't think it's due to evolution? Mind-boggling. Who is telling you evolution is "bad" or "wrong"? Only if you arrive at that conclusion WITHOUT religion, can you even begin to have a discussion on it.  All life changes and varries, yes. But one kind of creatures do not and has not been observed changing, or evolving into a different kind, such as a reptile into a bird. Who is telling me that evolution is wrong? Common sense and the evidence. I can see where evolution (molecules to man type) is wrong, such as the fact that evolution has no way of making new genetic information (DNA) and adding it to the genome.   Your last part is quite interesting... Recently in the latest edition of "Creation Magazine" they had a little cartoon of two soldiers. In each of the slide are written the words: "It would be foolish ... for a soldier ... to remove his armour and weapons ... before a battle..." On the next slide, the soldier in uniform says: "...Next throw down your sword!" The word "FOOLISH!" is written in the bottom corner. In the very next slide, a man says "Sure we can talk about Earth's origins, but let's leave the Bible out of it." The other man holding the Bible says "Ok, no problem!" The word FOOLISH! is also written in the lower right hand corner.  You are correct that I am arriving at my position with religion, i.e. Christianity. But you too are arriving at your position through the religion of atheism and the belief that evolution is true and has been proved. See, molecules to man evolution explains how everything now (i.e. the evidence), including the fossils and so on, originated. It is a belief system about the past, a religion. Both creation and evolution are *belief systems* about the past based on many assumptions. If I assume that evolution happened, then yes, I can see how you come to your conclusion. But if you were a Christian Creationist, you could easily see how all the evidence matches exactly what we would expect if the Bible were the Truth which it claims it is.  You said that you can prove any of the following listed below; so, can you prove to me that mutations or any other evolutionary process can actually be seen to increase the amount of genetic information (DNA) to the genome or total DNA content of a creature? You may be wondering why I am asking this, I am questioning whether or not molecules to man evolution can proceed. If evolution cannot account for new DNA being added to the genome, it is a dead stick and not a good explanation for our origins.
To pnac=ww3:  Wow, make up your mind. Either populations change over time (evolve) or they don't.   Would your wingless beetles be able to produce wings again if they were somehow beneficial again? You are starting to sound like Darwin and his finches.  The original population diversified into two groups, one with and one without wings. The group without wings has lost the information for making wings, i.e. the mutation has destroyed the information. The information has been erased from the genome. The beetles would be able to produce wings again if the information for making wings could be found from another place in the population, e.g. say more beetles with wings flew to this island and had little baby beetles with a non-winged beetle. The off-spring would then produce wings. But that wingless beetles could not form beetles with wings, because it does not have the information for doing so (or the DNA). It had been wiped out by that mutation. I hope that you can understand this.   This is not only an example of natural selection - a natural process - but is consistent with the Bible in when it says things stay true to their kind.
To Archilochus: Even though you can't answer me, I have decided to answer your argument before I leave and do some serious study for my HSC exam.   How do you define evolution? If you don't see any, then you aren't using the definition used by evolutionary biologists. The question is who should define the vocabulary of evolutionary biologist, evolutionary biologists or creationists?  You are hot on the trail of the basis of our argument. I believe that there are three stage to the overall theory of evolution: 1. Astronomical evolution, explains how the universe originated by natural means, including the supposed big bang. 2. Chemical evolution, explains (or tries to anyway) how life could arise from lifeless chemicals naturalsitically. 3. Biological evolution, explains how a single-celled creature could evolve into the range of creatures we observe today by naturalistic means (evidence for this: transitional forms - if I am wrong, then why is the transitional fossil argument still used by many evolutionists?). You could even have (4): 4. Geological evolution, explains how all the geological features came to be.  You see, I look at the overall or big picture, while many of you evolutionists only focus on the one very small part (namely half of the biological evolution) of a theory much larger than you think. Evolution is basically a naturalisitic way of explaining how everything could come into being without the need for a Creator God. This is the reason why many people believe it - because evolution justifies atheism. It justifies the immoral life that many people live.  Regardless of whose definition we use, evolution must account for the increase of new, previously unseen, genetic information (DNA) being added to change a reptile into a bird and so on, for evolution to be a half decent explanation as to account for our origins. Unless this can be illustrated, evolution is nothing more than a dead stick - it just simply doesn't work. You will have to look at the big picture to understand my point.  Actually, we didn't. The first record of a melanic form was in 1848. Presumably other melanic individuals had appeared before this, both in Biston bebularia as well as other moths. We know that a similar mutation occucrred in other moths North America some years after the 1848 record of the B. betualria.  That's not true according to the textbook claim:  "Before the industrial revolution, *most* of the moths were *light*. This was because the *dark* forms resting on light tree-trunks were more easily spotted, and thus eaten, by birds. When pollution darkened the tree trunks, the *light* forms then had less camouflage, so they were preferentially eaten by birds, and the *dark* forms became dominant in the population.  I'll let you chose if there were light and dark peppered moths before and after the industrial revolution.   No evolutionary biologist ever claimed that it was. Evolution is a change in the alle frequency in a population over time - like in the case of the peppered moths. Over about 150 years the dark allele increased to almost the entire population and then it decreased again. That is evolution. It is quite apparent that natural selection was the probably cause.    Only that many textbooks the over the whole world have used this famous example as "proof of evolution". Many evolutionists have used this same argument.   Not many creationists accept it. Your later comment that it was a creationist who first proposed natural selection is in error. Natural selection was one of Darwin's theories, also formulated independently by Alfred Russel Wallace.  On the contrary, most, if not all creationists accept natural selection. And no, my comment on the creationist who proposed natural selection before Darwin is not in error. His name is Edward Blythe.  No, it's not. Natural selection is the differential reproductive success of those individuals with advantageous characteristics.  Have you read my definition and yours? Your definition is almost exactly the same as mine, just concentrating on different parts of it. I said that natural selection is the death of creatures that are unable or unfit to survive in an environment. Your definition is that those creatures with survival advantages and characteristics will survive. They are exactly the same. In some cases, however, natural selection may totally wipe out a certain type of animal from a given environment without "choosing" any animals to survive. Natural selection involves the death of creatures that are unfit to survive in an environment, which is what I commented on. Obviously, those creatures that survive in that environment must have some survival advantages. You just reworded my definition...  What are you talking about? Please define information. What does "new" information have to do with natural selection or evolution? Evolution is NOT defined by evolutionary biologists as an increase in information. So I ask again, please define information in a meaningful way as it applies to DNA and the genome of an organism.  New information applies to my definition of evolution, i.e. molecules to man evolution. You see, everything is supposed to have come from some single-celled creature that supposedly came from some primeval sea, a.k.a. lifeless chemicals. Now for things to evolve, or become more complex, massive amounts of genetic information, or DNA, must be added to a creature's genome (the total DNA content). Therefore, evolution must provide a mechanism that provides a way for new genetic information, DNA, to be added to the genome. Currently, mutations, natural selection and no other evolutionary process cannot account for this. Information is the DNA, or I should say that DNA is a very complex information system. When I say an addition of new information, I mean more letters or more DNA added to the overall total DNA content.  Are you sure? What about animals that had a combination of both long and short hair. Such fur would function more efficiently as insulation that either long or short alone.  So what? The allele frequency, even in your example has still changed. A change in an allele frequency in a population over time is, by definition, evolution.   Yes I am sure. Long fur will insulate the dog a lot better than medium fur will. You do not have to be a scientist to figure that one out. The example given would be natural selection only, not evolution. Evolution is not needed to explain such an event, as natural selection clearly accounts for it. Natural selection should not be confused with the term evolution. Once again, noting the difference in our definitions of evolution and how you are not looking at the big picture.  What bible tract did you get that from. Evolution does not require that dogs turn into something else. That is a strawman.  No, I don't think so. Let me explain, evolution (the big picture) involves a certain kind of animal turning into a different kind of animal, e.g. a reptile turning into a mammal for example. The above was to prove that natural selection does not add any new information to the genome and thus, that natural selection is not a friend of evolution (remembering the big picture).  Well, since you have natural selection completely wrong, it must not go too well with the Biblical account. By the way, now you have introduced another word that has no meaning in the context. What is a "kind." Please be specific so that I will be able to recognize a "kind." Please show why a "kind" only has the ability to lose information.  As shown above, our definitions were essentially the same. In some cases, a kind is like a family. Hopefully the site Variation, information and the created kind should be able to answer this question. God created all things in "Kinds" - a supergiant group. For example, we believe that all bears came from the one kind, while all dogs, including wolves, dingos, and domestic dogs came from one dog kind.  It isn't a fraud. Why would you say that? And it isn't evidence for evolution, it is an observation of evolution. The allele frequency of the moths changed (twice) over time. The most reasonable explanation seems to be that it was the result of natural selection. Natural selection is one of several mechanisms of evolution.  It is a fraud because these moths never even rested on tree trunks in the daylight! Dead moths were glued or pinned onto trees to provide impressive photography. The ONLY reason is natural selection. Evolution is not needed. We observe all of this happening - it is an observation of natural selection - not of evolution, be sure to remember the big picture (i.e. molecules to man evolution). All of the observations that we see today can be explained without creation and evolution! Neither are needed in the explanations. The peppered moths can be explained by natural selection - which is a separate thing on its own and should not be confused with evolution. If you observe something, then that observation becomes evidence for your theory. For instance, take the model of the solar system. It has been observed that the planets and the Earth orbit around the sun (heliocentric model), not everything orbiting around the world (geocentric model). This observation proved that everything did not orbit around the Earth, but every planet orbited around the sun. Thus, this observation would provide devastating evidence for the geocentric model and powerful evidence for the heliocentric model. Thus the observation of evolution becomes evidence for evolution.  I suspect that it is actually you who has no idea what you are talking about. Explain this to me. There is a population of moths that are peppered. All of the moths in the entire population are peppered. Then one day, a black moth appears. Investigation shows that it is because of a new allele that has arisen in the moth population. So something new that wasn't there before has now been found. How is that not new information in the genome of peppered moths?  Well, there were light and dark peppered moths before anyways. Assuming that you are correct, the loss of information (i.e. a mutation) could have started up a recessive gene that may produce a black peppered moth. Recessive genes come into action is the primary gene is not present. But I think you will find that the peppered moths have come in two varieties before the industrial revolution.  Not sure how you can tell that since very little is mentioned about his methods.  Because the article mentioned quite a bit about the observations that he was conducting. These are very important in the scientific method.  In reverse? The scientific method begins with an observation. Then an hypothesis is proposed that will explain the observation. Then a prediction is made that must be true as a consequence, if the prediction is correct. Then methods are devised to test the prediction. What is described in the paper is the last step. Majerus already has his hypothesis and his prediction and is accumulating the data that will support them.  Once again came from the article: "Many biologists start with theories and then test them in the field. Majerus takes the opposite and less fashionable approach: "There's another way of doing science, which is first find your organism and look at it incredibly closely, for a long time, in great detail and see what questions it asks you," he says."  But we already have a perfectly good explanation. It is an observation of evolution that exactly matches the definition. By the way, there is no doubt that the color differences are caused by alleles of a single gene. The chanage in the frequencies in those alleles over 150 years is, by definition, evolution. The cause may or may not be natural selection (no one has proposed another mechanism) caused by bird predation (no one has proposed another cause.)  You said that the colour changes are caused by a single gene. This further goes to imply that a mutation could disable the primary gene and activate the recessive gene. This is of course IMHO. What you classify as evolution, I call "variation within a kind". You aren't working off the big picture idea.
To Demon38:  But you conveniently ignore Archilochus' post becuase it destroys your position, wingless beetles do NOT lose the information for making wings. In fact, they still retain their wings but the wings are contained under the fused wing shields. No information is lost, a new mutation has caused the wing shields to fuse together so the information is not erased from the genome.  The whole wingless beetles can be summarised below of which I got Has evolution really been observed? (summary article)  For example, beetles losing their wings. A particular winged beetle type lives on large continental areas; the same beetle type on a small windy island has no wings.  What happened is easy to imagine. Every now and then in beetle populations, there might be a mutational defect which prevents wings from forming. That is, the 'wing-making' information is lost or scrambled in some way.  The damaged gene (a gene is like a long 'sentence' carrying one part of the total instructions recorded on the DNA) is then going to be passed to all that beetle's offspring, and to their offspring, as it is copied over and over. All these descendant beetles will be wingless.  If a beetle with such a wingless defect is living on the Australian mainland, for example, it will have less chance to fly away from beetle-eaters, so it will be more likely to be eliminated by 'survival of the fittest' before it can leave offspring. Such so-called 'natural selection' can help to eliminate (or at least reduce the buildup of) such genetic mistakes.  However, on the windy island, the beetles which can fly tend to get blown into the sea, so not having wings is an advantage. In time, the elimination of all the winged ones will ensure that only those of this new 'wingless' variety survive, which have therefore been 'naturally selected'.  It would be nice if you could provide evidence for this...  I must also confess, that I have been on Google and found no mention of anything about wingless beetles having fully formed wings beneath their "fused wing shields". Another site states the following: "Today, there is a small handful of cases in which a genetic mutation has helped a creature to survive better than those without it. These types of mutations are referred to as "beneficial mutations." But even these beneficial mutations do not improve the code in DNA: rather than adding any meaningful information, they destroy it. For example, Darwin pointed to a case in which a genetic mutation caused flying beetles on a small desert island to lose their wings (the "wing-making" information in the DNA was lost or scrambled in some way). However, due to this loss, the beetles had a better chance of survival because they were less likely to be blown into the sea. Thus, the mutation was "beneficial" to the beetle population because it helped them to survive better in their environment. This shows how even a beneficial mutation can be damaging to the DNA code; in this case the mutation involved a loss or corruption of the information (or genes) for making wings."  In either case, my argument still stands - the mutation has lost information and natural selection has also resulted in a loss of information from the population's original genome. ASSAUMING that you are true, the mutation has caused a loss of the information for the wings to form properly, and hence, result in the wings being fused. Hence, information is lost or erased.  Again, not true. Another mutation that would unfuse the wing shields could result in flying beetles once again, so your claim is wrong.   News flash: there has been no mutation that has thus far resulted in a gain of any genetic information to the genome. As such, all mutations result in a loss of genetic information. Thus another mutation would not aid the beetle's cause and unfuse the wing shields - it would make it worse. I still don't believe you on this point.  Wrong, the information was never wiped out, the beetles wings are merely physically closed off by a new mutation that fuses the wing coverings.  Assuming that you are correct of which I am not convinced until you provide some evidence. Not that I don't trust you, but I would like to have evidence.   Yes, it's natural selection combined with a new mutation adding information to the species, but I don't understand how it's consistant with your erroneous claims or the bible.....  The mutation has resulted in a loss of information to the species. It has lost the information for making the wings properly - not gained any new information as you claim. The fact that natural selection and mutation does not provide any more new information to the genome ensures that creatures stay "true to their kind" as the Bible says in Genesis 1.
See you guys later! I'm off to do some serious study for three weeks of HSC (Higher School Certificate) exams in about four weeks time. I probably won't talk to you guys again, but thanks for the arguments - they have been interested, if not a touch heated at times. After that I plan to have some R&R and play some network computer games against a few of my friends. Thanks for the entertainment people. God Bless emoticon_xgood  Matt.
My mom can only trace her family back a few generations. By the time we get to the clan that lived in Ohio in the middle of the 19th century, the records get very confusing and very incomplete. By creationist logic, we must then accept that my ancestors, white Americans, were specially created in North America by God.  There's a difference between these tests.  Accipitridae, (and you by implication that you've not picked it up and called him to task) are mixing up the ancestory of individuals - giving a list of every single member of a family, to that of a species by species account. The difference is both of scale, and testability; written records aren't as long lasting as biological ones. You should be able to use science for whole species ancestory; after-all scientists can tell us with confidence that chimps are near relations, gorillas relations a bit further removed etc.   Or, should we question those that tell us chimps are near relations?
Accipitridae, (and you by implication that you've not picked it up and called him to task) are mixing up the ancestry of individuals - giving a list of every single member of a family, to that of a species by species account.  Do you know what an analogy is? Yes, I'm commenting here on one, I'm pointing out why it's not a good one. I guess not since you failed to understand Darwin's analogy between artificial selection and natural selection. Not at all. I understand that he is using one thing to illustrate another. It's not a good analogy as one set of circumstances is natural, the other is not. Actually, creationists often haul out their Bibles and claim that the genealogies in Genesis are somehow evidence of a young earth. And yet, none of them can trace their ancestors back more than a couple of hundred years. Somehow ancient nomads could trace their ancestry for thousands of years and today, with detailed record keeping, few people can do the same. Yes, this seems to be a valid criticism. How is the inability of creationists to show lineage a defence for science not being able to do it?  The difference is both of scale, and testability; written records aren't as long lasting as biological ones.  The problem with creationism is that it can't be tested at all. That's a different issue. You're getting side-tracked. Ursus is defending science's inability to show lineage, by saying that strict Biblicists can't do it either. Science operates on different means of testing. It's funny to hear a creationist talk about testability. You mean I can't criticise science when it can't be tested by science? You should be able to use science for whole species ancestry;Why? It seems that you didn't understand the question. Creationists demand that specific organisms be pointed in the transition between species. Creationists demand to see the fossils of specific ancestral species.[/quote] Do they? I thought you had me as one, now they're a different group to me, so when I raise issues of lineage, that can't be answered, your defence is that that's not 'the' question. And even though you can't answer either mine or 'theirs', you still argue about something. after-all scientists can tell us with confidence that chimps are near relations, gorillas relations a bit further removed etc.  Or, should we question those that tell us chimps are near relations?  So now you are going to lecture us on phylogenetics. Am I? Pardon me if I laugh. You'd find that funny. You set up a different argument, suggest what I might say, find that funny, and laugh. Self-amusement aside, it would help for you to actually answer a question I raised, rather than one you assume that I might. I would like to know why you have confidence in the science of phylogenetics which you seem both to support, and also to recognise how inadequate it is - by comparing it to biblical lineages. What I would like to raise is that phylogenetics is always good for a laugh, where is Neanderthal Man placed now? It's been classed as a different species, a different sub-species, et al.  By the way, on another note if I were a poster such as you I'd point out the mistake you make in re-quoting my words and make it as if this is something you do all the time. And no matter what you say, I'll point out that the 'adult' thing to do would have been to say thank you for pointing it out. He who lives by the cheap-shot, dies by the cheap-shot.
In dealing with several posters on the issue of the 'Nylon Bug' it seems that there exists some confusion over the difference between 'Natural selection' and 'Artificial Selection', not least caused by confusion amongst web-resources. Darwin and other earlier theorists seemed able to differentiate between natural and artificial selection Darwin says that even when man did it by accident, it was artificial... "Hence it must be assumed, not only that half-civilized man succeeded in thoroughly domesticating several species, but that he intentionally or by chance picked out extraordinarily abnormal species; and further, that these very species have since all become extinct or unknown. So many strange contingencies are improbable in the highest degree." http://www.literature.org/authors/d...chapter-01.html "Man has an aim or an end in view; `natural selection' can have none." *E. Russell, The Diversity of Animals, (1962), p. 124.  But this line seems blurred in the quest for evidence of 'natural' natural selection.  Different on-line dictionaries deal with Natural Selection in different ways... Example 'a' Natural Selection A natural process resulting in the evolution of organisms best adapted to the environment. http://www.biology-online.org/dictionary.asp  Examples 'b' 1. natural selection  Author: Susan A.Hagedorn  Definition:  The differential survival and reproduction of organisms with genetic characteristics that enable them to better use environmental resources. http://biotech.icmb.utexas.edu/search/dict-search.mhtml?bo1=AND&word=natural+selection&search_type=normal&def=  Definition of natural selection : The process in nature whereby one genotype leaves more offspring than another genotype because of superior life history attributes ( fitness)such as survival or fecundity. http://www.everythingbio.com/glos/definition.php?word=natural+selection  natural selection The hypothesis that genotype-environment interactions occurring at the phenotypic level lead to differential reproductive success of individuals and hence to modification of the gene pool of a population. http://www.mblab.gla.ac.uk/~julian/dict2.cgi?4346  Both deal with the change of organisms. 'A' suggests only that which occurs 'naturally', whilst 'B' suggests change affected by any cause; natural or artificial.  Interestingly enough one of those above also states... 1. artificial selection  Definition:  The selective breeding by humans towards a desired trait in a plant, animal, or other organism which is of value (usually economic) to the humans. The process operates on the same principles as natural selection. http://biotech.icmb.utexas.edu/search/dict-search.mhtml But man has a purposeful process. This would mean 'nature' also has purpose in it's 'selection' process. Another just says Definition of artificial selection : Selective breeding. http://www.everythingbio.com/glos/definition.php?word=artificial+selection  Again, an emphasis on purpose is given by the following [u[The Hutchinson Dictionary of Science[/u] "artificial selection  In biology, selective breeding of individuals that exhibit the particular characteristics that a plant or animal breeder wishes to develop. In plants, desirable features might include resistance to disease, high yield (in crop plants), or attractive appearance. In animal breeding, selection has led to the development of particular breeds of cattle for improved meat production (such as the Aberdeen Angus) or milk production (such as Jerseys)." http://www.highbeam.com/library/doc0.asp?DOCID=1P1:28916948&num=1&ctrlInfo=Round8%3AProd%3ASR%3AResult&ao=  Eugenics  The study of improving a species by artificial selection; usually refers to the selective breeding of humans. http://public.ornl.gov/hgmis/external/search_term_action.cfm  It seems some people can't help wishing purpose on evolution. Which is why, in order to give examples of Natural Selection, a textbook will state "Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory. (The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition.)* That is, evolution is the survival of the fittest. But who are the fittest? Obviously, the individuals who survive. Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival, we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors. This indeed is a tautology. But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness. Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons, in which the breeders' choice was the criterion for fitness. (Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way.) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders. Here too, survival is not the criterion for fitness, productivity is." Robert H Tamarin, (1996) "Principles of Genetics" (5th ed), p571.  Evolution it seems can contain tautology, mutually exclusive theory, and redundant terminologies.
In conjunction, and continuing from the above post I present this.  It seems that not only do evolutionists put forward examples of artificial selection as evidence of natural selection, they also present purpose as randomness.  A good example is the Typing Monkeys scearnio "Attempts have been made to support evolution by appealing to mathematics to justify long ages. For example, Nobel prize winner, George Wald, wrote, "Time is the hero of the plot. Given enough time anything can happen - the impossible becomes probable, the improbable becomes certain." (1) Thomas Huxley ("Darwin's Bulldog") used this technique in Oxford, in 1860, while debating Samuel Wilberforce. He stated that if monkeys randomly strummed typewriter keys for a long enough time, then sooner or later Psalm 23 would be printed out. Huxley used this argument to demonstrate that life could have originated on Earth by chance. (2)  Julian Huxley (1887-1975) repeated this analogy to 'prove' that long periods of time could allow impossible evolution to occur. In his analogy, given enough time, monkeys randomly typing on typewriters could eventually type out the complete works of Shakespeare. (3)  Stephen Hawking used the monkey story in 1988. He proposed that if there was a horde of typing monkeys, then "very occasionally by pure chance they will type out one of Shakespeare's sonnets." (4)  When all these outlandish statements were made "... no evolutionary scientist or mathematician who knew better raised a single objection." (5) So as a result, these statements have convinced many people that 5 billion years is enough time for life to evolve on Earth." http://www.unmaskingevolution.com/20-typing.htm  Dawkins continues this hypothesis in his novel "The Blind Watchmaker" Dawkins provides an easy-to-understand computer simulation of the principle of selection from random mutations using the example of a "monkey typist." The monkey's first efforts on the typewriter produce the following random string of characters: WDLMNLT DTJBKWIRZREZLMQCO P  Dawkins now "breeds" from this incomprehensible starting point a litter of "progeny" in each one of which a letter is randomly changed to any other letter (with a space counting as a letter). Of all the offspring, only one is kept for continued breeding; the one whose letter sequence matches more closely, however, slightly, the Shakespearean phrase:  METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL  After forty-one generations of "breeding," the random initial phrase "evolves" into the target phrase: "METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL." Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker, 47-8. quoted at http://www.asa3.org/ASA/PSCF/2000/PSCF9-00Larson.html and "A potential source of confusion is the idea of evolution having a "target;'' we have normally combined this activity with others, such as Selection in Action, to address this. Cumulative SelectionOne of the most frequent arguments one hears against the theory of evolution is that complex forms and behaviors simply couldn't have evolved by ``random chance'' alone. The point we must often get across to students is that evolution does not, in fact, work this way; change is cumulative. Richard Dawkins, in his book The Blind Watchmaker, dispels the myth of random chance by using the very metaphor that opponents of evolution often turn to: the monkey at the typewriter. This program models his suggestion that, were a monkey allowed to type random letters, he would produce a work of Shakespeare very quickly if letters he happened to type in the right places were preserved with each attempt. With this program, students type in a phrase of their choosing and observe how long a random phrase takes to ``evolve'' into their target phrase. Below are some sample investigations..." http://www.geocities.com/jscarrie/sf0/bill.html  However, the problem is that these proposals rest on the anti-evolutionary idea of 'purpose'. "When I observe that Richard Dawkins was unable to write a computer program that simulated his linguistic thought experiment, I did not mean that the task at hand was difficult. It is impossible. Mr Wadkins commends the discussion in Keen and Spain's Computer Simulation in Biology as a counterexample; it is no such thing. What Keen and Spain have done is (to) transcribe Dawkins's blunder into the computer language BASIC. Here are the steps that they undertake. A target sentence is selected "BASIC BIOLOGICAL MODELLING IS FUN". The computer is given a randomly derived set of letters. The letters are scrambled. At each iteration, the computer (or the programmer) compares the randomly derived sequence with the target phrase. If the arrays - sequences on the one hand, target phrase on the other - do not match, the experiment continues; if they do, it stops. There is nothing in this that is not also in Dawkins, the fog spreading from one book to the next. The experiment that Keen and Spain conduct is successful inasmuch as the computer reaches the target; but unsuccessful as a defense of Darwinian evolution. In looking to its target and comparing distances, the computer is appealing to information a biological system could not possess. The point seems to be less straightforward than I imagined, so let me spell out the mistake. Starting from a random string, suppose the computer generates the sequence BNDIT DISNE SOT SODISWN TOSWXMSPW SSO. Comparing the sequence with its target, it proposes to conserve the initial "B". But why? The string is gibberish. Plainly, the conservation of vagrant successes has been undertaken with the computer's eye fixed firmly on its future target, intermediates selected not for what they are (gibberish, after all), but for what they will be (an English sentence). This is in violation of the rule against deferred success. Without the rule, there is nothing remotely like Darwinian evolution. What the computer has in fact done is to match randomly selected items to a template, thus inevitably reintroducing the element of deliberate design banished from the Darwinian model." David Berlinski; "Letters: David Berlinski and Critics" in Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", p304  Another of his analogies is equally illuminating in debunking Dawkins (et al) "I imagine this story being told to me by Jorge Luis Borges one evening in a Buenos Aires cafe. His voice dry and infinitely ironic, the ageing, nearly blind literary master observes that "the Ulysses," mistakenly attributed to the Irishman James Joyce, is in fact derived from "the Quixote". I raise my eyebrows. Borges pauses to sip discreetly at the bitter coffee our waiter has placed in front of him, guiding his hands to the saucer. "The details of the remarkable series off events in question may be found at the University of Leiden," he says. "They were conveyed to me by the Freemason Alejandro Ferri in Montevideo." Borges wipes his thin lips with a linen handkerchief that he has withdrawn from his breast pocket. "As you know", he continues, "the original handwritten text of the Quixote was given to an order of French Cistercians in the autumn of 1576." I hold up my hand to signify to our waiter that no further services is needed. "Curiously enough, for none of the brothers could read Spanish, the Order was charged by the Papal Nuncio, Hoyo dos Monterrey (a man of great refinement and implacable will), with the responsibility for copying he Quixote, the printing press having then gained no currency in the wilderness of what is now the department of Auvergne. Unable to speak or read Spanish, a language they not unreasonably detested, the brothers copied the Quixote over and over again, re-creating the text but, of course, compromising it as well, and so inadvertently discovering the true nature of authorship. Thus they created Fernando Lor's Los Hombres d'Estado in 1585 by means of a singular series of copying errors, and then in 1654 Juan Luis Samorza's remarkable epistolary novel Por Favor by the same means; and then in 1685, the errors having accumulated sufficiently to change Spanish into French, Moliere's Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme; their copying continuous and indefatigable, the work handed down from generation to generation as a sacred but secret trust, so that in time the brothers of the monastery, known only to members of the Bourbon house, and rumor has it, the Englishman and psychic Conan Doyle, copied into creation Stendhal's The Red and the Black and Flaubert's Madame Bovary; and then as a result of a particularly significant series of errors, in which French changed into Russian, Tolstoy's The Death of Ivan Illych and Anna Karenina. Late in the last decade of the 19th century there suddenly emerged, in English, Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest, and then the brothers, their numbers reduced by an infections disease of mysterious origin, finally copied the Ulysses into creation in 1902, the manuscript lying neglected for almost thirteen years and then mysteriously making its way to Paris in 1915, just months before the British attack on the Somme, a circumstance whose significance remains to be determined." I sit there, amazed at what Borges has recounted. "Is it your understanding, then," I ask, "that every novel in the West was created in this way?" "Of course," replies Borges imperturbably. Then he adds: "Although every novel is derived directly from another novel, there is really only one novel, the Quixote." David Berlinski; "The Deniable Darwin" in Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", pp281-282
The blind watchmaker program gives and example of something that replicates and possibly makes a small change at each step and can be guided to make large changes consisting of a lot of small changes. The fact that the human guiding the program had a purpose is irrelevant.  The blind watchmaker computer program is a metaphor for how dawkins thinks life on earth climbed mount improbable. I honestly don't know how someone could read the book and interept as an attempt of a solid proof that there is no such thing as "purpose" and life has no guidance from the supernatural.
The blind watchmaker program gives and example of something that replicates and possibly makes a small change at each step and can be guided to make large changes consisting of a lot of small changes. The fact that the human guiding the program had a purpose is irrelevant.  The blind watchmaker computer program is a metaphor for how dawkins thinks life on earth climbed mount improbable. I honestly don't know how someone could read the book and interept as an attempt of a solid proof that there is no such thing as "purpose" and life has no guidance from the supernatural.  Quite right. I am not sure that supernatural is the word I would choose, but its close enough. This magic computer program that the good doctor came up with is a thing of wonder and bafflement. It would be equally possible to write a program that disproves the whole concept but, of course, no one would be interested in that.
The blind watchmaker program gives and example of something that replicates and possibly makes a small change at each step and can be guided to make large changes consisting of a lot of small changes. The fact that the human guiding the program had a purpose is irrelevant.  The blind watchmaker computer program is a metaphor for how dawkins thinks life on earth climbed mount improbable. I honestly don't know how someone could read the book and interept as an attempt of a solid proof that there is no such thing as "purpose" and life has no guidance from the supernatural. (emphasis mine - Montalban)  You have done it! The chief concern here, for advocates of materialistic evolution for 'natural selection' is the use of the word 'guided'. A huge array of posters on these threads believe that natural selection 'just happened' through mechanistic means - without the 'need' for guidance. One poster said that natural selection has made God's presence microscopic, another doesn't believe in God at all; that evolution happened through its own means. And yet they and people more eminent such as Dawkins continually use the language of intelligent design in order to argue for unguided mechanistic processes! (It is a nonsense akin to them arguing for 'natural selection' by using 'artificial selection' models)  That is what is so amusing about Dawkins' model. To randomly gain the correct sentence, complete without errors, from the starting point of a code that is a complete jumble... that is to get from WDLMNLT DTJBKWIRZREZLMQCO P to METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL (the examples he uses), Dawkins and others quickly realised the phenomenal odds against this (hence 'mount improbable). They circumvented this by use of a clever trick...  He says that during the random selection of letters, if a correct letter is chosen, such as the initial "M" (that will form part of the METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL phrase), then we use the program to 'fix' that letter in place, and then continue with the random selection process until another or other correctly placed letters are selected. This process makes it mathematically more probable to gain the target phrase (METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL) then just attempting to get the whole phrase in one foul swoop. The whole point of Berlinski's critique is there is nothing in nature to do such selection. The computer program works because we have a 'target' to compare the jumble with. There is no 'target' in nature, nor does nature do comparison.  Nature doesn't look at a mutation and go "Okay, this is of no benefit now, but the sequence of genetic code in the middle of a larger code would be of benefit down the track, so we'll hang onto those and keep searching through random sequences through the others". It doesn't do this, because proponents of natural selection rule out 'ends'... other than survival, and survival simply come about because organisms survive (hence the tautology of "Survival of the Fittest" which Darwin himself felt was a superior phrase to "Natural Selection"). There is nothing in nature to fix the 'correct' coding sequences (baring in mind some ultimate target), and during further mutations the 'correct' code could also be affected, thus again undermining the belief that one can move from one organism to another by a mechanistic and gradual process.  Further, there is no comparison by nature. Nature doesn't say "web feet really work well, we'll keep mutating this species until it attains them."  They; Berkinski and others believe in evolution and believe that a 'guiding hand' or intelligence may be somewhere at work properly fixing the correct codes and thus allowing one species to evolve into other species. They believe that mechanistic evolution is just too improbable. Hence he provides an amusing analogy of an evolving series of books... which though they contain more letters in their code, are less complex things than living organisms. If you believe in a theistic evolution then fine, but I am not arguing against you on this (at this time :) ) I'm arguing against those who believe that we came about solely through materialistic means; the materialists such as Mach et al.  The idea of materialism has been around for a long time, and has likewise been debunked for a long time; but still some people want to keep with it because they don't believe in God; they need to explain things through a godless process. Cicero said At this point must I not marvel that there should be anyone who can persuade himself that there are certain solid and indivisible particles of matter borne along by the force of gravity, and that the fortuitous collision of those particles produces this elaborate and beautiful world? I cannot understand why he who considers it possible for this to have occurred should not also think that, if a countless number of copies of the one-and-twenty letters of the alphabet, made of gold or what you will, were thrown on the ground, it would be possible that they should produce the Annals of Ennius, all ready made for the reader" De natura deorum, II.xxxvii quoted James Barham "Why I am Not a Darwinist", in Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", p182.
Guidance by humans in the blind Watchmaker does not stop it being a reasonable analogy for his idea that no higher intelligence is in evolution but it can produce . In the analogy the guidance by humans represents natural selection. You could represent the rules of natural selection as set of equations with random elements that contained no human ingenuity instead but I don't see it as a crime to use a human forced to act under restrictions to represent that has nothing to do with humans.  I will show you You could describe electrons as things that hate other electrons but like positive charges. If some electrons see other electrons coming at them down a wire they will also move down the wire to avoid them. If it means going through a circuit an powering a light globe to do the electrons will still flow if the circuit is complete. Now lets think about whats happening, each indivual electron hates large group of electrons coming towards it but to get out of the way it will have to get closer to other electrons (those punks). So if you increased the cross sectional area of the wire then the resistance will decrease. What about a double adaptor? All it does is let the current go through two different circuits. Now if there are two light globes will they both glow half as bright? No. Why because the resistance is halved and there will be twice as much total electron flow.   A lot of laws in electric circuit theory made sense to me when I imagined I was an electron going through a wire and how happy I would be going down a wire. Electrons are not happy but I still had an analogy that gave me answers so I was happy. I would have been better off being told that voltage is joules per coloumb so the voltage drop between circuits must be the same.
"They believe that mechanistic evolution is just too improbable."  Ah... do they now. You see, Berkinski et al seem to have a limited comprehension as to what causes life to change in space and time.  Where they see improbability I see inevitability- life, in whatever form we care to discuss, is vying to survive against a whole battery of challenges. Some of those challenges confront it on a short term basis- the need for food, suitable environmental conditions in which to survive and so on. Others may be an issue over a longer period of time- the need to find a mate and reproduce, can it survive annual changes in local climates. Ultimately, life has to be able to adapt to the longest term changes- like a major shift in underlying climatic conditions or local topography.  And so on- we can consider a whole host of changes that confronts life at various times over different timescales. What is clear from such consideration is the never ending need for life to able to adapt- the Earth is a dynamic and forever changing place (even the very ground beneath you now is transient in nature) and environments have changed dramatically over the course of this planets history. If life were still and static it would never have come to be in the first place. If it can not adapt to a new challenges quickly enough- well just think of all the examples we have of life that is extinct.  So I really cannot see why Berkinski and his peers find natural evolution, or whatever you care to call it improbable- the driving forces are there to see if you are inclined to learn about them.  What I really find improbable is the notion of an omnipotent supernatural enitity outside of the physical universe somehow being able to comprehend and interact with the life in ours- and even to have the desire to do so!  I believe you've missed the point. He's not against evolution; change of species over time into other species. He in fact, from what I can gather, does indeed believe in evolution  He's arguing that it didn't come about through materialistic processes.
Guidance by humans in the blind Watchmaker does not stop it being a reasonable analogy for his idea that no higher intelligence is in evolution but it can produce . In the analogy the guidance by humans represents natural selection. You could represent the rules of natural selection as set of equations with random elements that contained no human ingenuity instead but I don't see it as a crime to use a human forced to act under restrictions to represent that has nothing to do with humans.  I will show you You could describe electrons as things that hate other electrons but like positive charges. If some electrons see other electrons coming at them down a wire they will also move down the wire to avoid them. If it means going through a circuit an powering a light globe to do the electrons will still flow if the circuit is complete. Now lets think about whats happening, each indivual electron hates large group of electrons coming towards it but to get out of the way it will have to get closer to other electrons (those punks). So if you increased the cross sectional area of the wire then the resistance will decrease. What about a double adaptor? All it does is let the current go through two different circuits. Now if there are two light globes will they both glow half as bright? No. Why because the resistance is halved and there will be twice as much total electron flow.   A lot of laws in electric circuit theory made sense to me when I imagined I was an electron going through a wire and how happy I would be going down a wire. Electrons are not happy but I still had an analogy that gave me answers so I was happy. I would have been better off being told that voltage is joules per coloumb so the voltage drop between circuits must be the same. Again, it's not the point. There are many who don't deny evolution, they believe it was guided. Showing examples of guidence - through artificial selection supports this theory
I got a chuckle out of this.  It's a blatant lie and you know it.  I'm amazed how you and he would have denied this, when I've continually shown the following quote "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient."  from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species" http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html Darwin's words show that you have no credibility.  Good thing you know who isn't around to tear you a new one.  Waxy Actually he is, and he's posted on this thread.  It is a pity that you're unwilling to debate, but endeavour a smear campaign as you did on the Science and Math posts. I would advise you read the above quote before talking again :)
I just skimmed at looked for the point This is the beginning of the problem. Not reading my posts; you've already stated that this is what you do.  ..is it the end statement? I see so many debate points that I wonder if they are placed there just to prevent the writer from getting pinned on any one topic..but that's just a guess. Back to the specific point: Evoluition: Change in allele frequency in a population over time. So....where is your tautology, mutually exclusive theory, and redundant terms? I'm not seeing it there. You make a strawman par excellence. It's quite funny it's another one of your 'if I close my eyes to the evidence, I won't be able to see it' posts. Perhaps if you actually read the posts with regards the mutually exclusive theories with regards to the ascent of man. Of the tautology that is "Survival of the Fittest" Or are you arguing vs. some definition of evolution that you haven't yet presented? Let's see some bullet items to debate, not the sea-of-montalban's-ideas-Mach How can you see them if you don't read them? This is really one of the funniest debating techniques yet developed. I've stated this particular one in post 32 of The Moon Dust Theory, to which you responded (I take it you were debating without seeing then, too!)
At its most basic definition "selection" means "pick out the individuals who will reproduce." (In the context of evolution.) Then you've defined it by the tautology. Survival of those that survive If there are some individuals that did not reproduce before they died, then they were not selected. If some individuals were able to reproduce, then they were selected.  The problem of natural and artificial then boils down to what your definition of those words are. In the context of evolution, I would make "artificial" represent the type of selection where humans had a role in determining which individuals reproduced or not. If you can show me how nature 'determines' something, I'd like to know. In the case of animal breeding, this becomes quite obvious. A man picks two animals to breed, and the rest do not breed. This is artificial selection. In the case of something like a nylon bug, humans did not determine which individuals reproduced or not, nature did. This is natural selection. Nylon was developed by man, an unintended consequence of this is the nylon bug lives; that is not natural selection; unless you wish to posit a theory that any unintentional destruction of a species by man is likewise 'natural'.
Darwin says that even when man did it by accident, it was artificial...  You seem to have trouble creating working links. Here is a corrected link to your quote.  You seem to think one example is the norm. Darwin, Charles. On the Origin of Species - 6th Edition. Chapter 1 - Variation Under Domestication. Do a find on, "Hence it must be assumed" to see the quote in context. Your intent might be misinterpreted by some who have not read "Origin" and are unfamiliar with Darwin thoughts. To the uninformed, your claim about what Darwin said could easily be misinterpreted to mean that even accidental changes to the environment by man that cause evolutionary change in populations is "artificial selection." Of course, you couldn't have meant that, since that is clearly not what Darwin was talking about. The context of the quote that you cite makes that clear. The whole context of the quote is in the chapter on Variation Under Domestication. Darwin does not discuss accidental changes to the environment in that chapter. That certainly would be more confusing than profitable in a chapter in which Darwin was attempting to explain the basics of his theory with examples from domestic animals, especially pigeons. It is abundantly clear that Darwin was referring to the selection by man of breeding stock since he remarks that in the domestication of a species man "...intentionally or by chance picked out..." characteristics. Of course, by use of the word "chance", Darwin meant characteristics that existed in the individuals of the breeding stock that were selected for other reasons, i.e., intentionally. Firstly I am not saying that this chapter is about natural selection. It is about artificial. I am suggesting that Darwin recognises as artificial selection something that is selected by man on purpose, or by chance. The whole issue about the Nylon Bug that I'm talking about here is whether the accidental outcome of an artificial event is 'natural'. I would say that it is not. When man designed nylon, they didn't have all the purposes in mind. Nylon is used for a huge number of things. One of these is food for a bug. Man didn't intended this but his interference; in introducing it, has allowed this to happen. It is therefore not 'natural'. Thus Darwin himself classes as artificial either the purposeful selection process by man, or where man changes things by chance. Thus if you have two animals (a male and a female) of different stock, and you put them on a farm together, and the male accidentally gets into the pen with the female and voila, you get an offspring that you think is groovy, then this is artificial selection; the whole process of bringing them to the same property can not be ignored. The key to Darwin's idea of artificial selection is the following " but that he intentionally or by chance picked out extraordinarily abnormal species" He picked something out with intent, or by accident. http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-01.html This is further re-enforced by such terms as "...it must be assumed that at least seven or eight species were so thoroughly domesticated in ancient times by half-civilized man, as to be quite prolific under confinement." (Ibid) That man in a less than fully civilized state; by this he means quite un-learned and barbaric (given his Victorian values) was able to breed species - that is without any great scientific presumptions at all. [quote=Montalban]But this line seems blurred in the quest for evidence of 'natural' natural selection.  I'm not sure what you mean. Your quotes from dictionaries certainly give no indication of any blurring. I'll give you another definition acceptable to biologists.Natural selection is the process by which organisms well adapted to their environment survive to produce offspring while those more poorly adapted may not. In this way, particular combinations of genes are propagated differentially. And how does this compare to your ideas on artificial selection? Interestingly enough one of those above also states... 1. artificial selection  Definition:  The selective breeding by humans towards a desired trait in a plant, animal, or other organism which is of value (usually economic) to the humans. The process operates on the same principles as natural selection. But man has a purposeful process. This would mean 'nature' also has purpose in it's 'selection' process.  That's ridiculous. The purpose imposed by man is what makes it artificial in the first place. You have the idea expressed in the definition backwards. It isn't that natural selection operates on the same principles as artificial selection, but the reverse. The principles are that differential reproductive success will have an effect on the gene pool of the species. The definition says in both natural and artificial cases a 'selection' is given. In one, obviously we agree that selection is purposeful how then are the analogous as the definition suggests when there is no 'purpose' in selection processes of nature? [quote=Montalban]It seems some people can't help wishing purpose on evolution. Which is why, in order to give examples of Natural Selection, a textbook will state...  Strange that you seem to miss the meaning of your own quotes. Of course the phrase, "survival of the fittest" is a tautology. Which Darwin thought was a superior phrase. But you ignored an important part of your own quote, "Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival,..." And of course, Darwin did most certainly express other criterion besides survival. Let me help clarify for you. Survival is not the sole requirement, or even the most important requirement. It should be quite clear to even the most muddled thinker that reproduction is required. In fact, reproduction is the most important requirement. Survival is necessary only long enough for an organism to reproduce, and if an organism doesn't reproduce, it is an evolutionary dead end no matter how long it survives. You see, as was mentioned in your definitions and in comments, natural selection is differential reproduction. Natural selection is not a tautology. Only the phrase, "survival of the fittest" reduces to a tautology. Which, as stated, Darwin thought was in fact a better phrase, or 'more accurate'... "But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient."   from the 6th edition of "Origin of the Species"  http://www.literature.org/authors/darwin-charles/the-origin-of-species-6th-edition/chapter-03.html  Evolution it seems can contain tautology, mutually exclusive theory, and redundant terminologies.  Again, I'm not sure what you are talking about. Can you give some examples? Of course a popular phrase applied to one evolutionary mechanism may reduce to a tautology when expressed without adequate criterion. But what about mutually exclusive theory? Certainly it is possible that two theories may be mutually exclusive before some mechanism is understood enough for us to determine which is correct. There are still answers that we don't have. Anyway, please give some examples. It isn't very instructive when you just drop off with some throw-away comment given without evidence or support. Mutually exclusive theories; I cut and paste from another thread... What must now seem a long time ago (1986), I did a course at university called 'Pre-history'. Our textbook was  Poirier, F E, "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology", (to which I will be referring specifically to p346ff unless otherwise stated).  As to the ascent of man (though it says 'descent'; itself a loaded term), there were many different theories then that had currency. Each followed scientific method, and each had its fair share of evidences to support it.  My textbook stated that each of the following;  the Unilinear School;  the Polyphyletic School'  the Preneanderthal School; and  the Presapiens School  were all valid possibilities to the pathway our ancestors took. This seemed ludicrous to me (then, and still), that each mutually conflicting theory would be accepted (as long as it doesn't involve God). And yet people can say that the evidence points to a conclusion... that is a Godless process took place. Then these people have the hide to laugh at religious people as if they have 'truth'. What 'truth'? It's all up in the air.    That is, so long as a materialistic process is described, based on the evidences, it was presented. The problem? There are three other theories that also fit that limited bill, and they exclude each other. So you have someone saying something like "Evolution is based on evidences"... but this then becomes meaningless if you've got evidences that can be interpreted to several different totally conflicting ideas.    How are these theories mutually conflicting?    Generally, because they each propose a different pathway or series of pathways for human evolution. "Various possibilities have led to various interpretations... Variation of these theories are endless; they are constantly being revised and rejected." p346 (Ibid)    Specifically, for instance  The Unilinear School diagram goes  Java Man - Neanderthal - Moderns  The Polyphyletic School starts off with an unknown ancestral group and immediately branches into four distinct forks (which I'll term here for convenience 'a', 'b', 'c', and 'd')  'a' goes Java - Solo - Wadjak - Australians  'b' goes Peking - Upper Cave - Mongoloids  'c' goes Rhodesian - Boskop - Africans  'd' goes Tabun - Skul - Cro-Magnon - Europeans  That is, simply, one (the Unilinear) has a single route for all forms of man, another (the Polyphyletic) has many different and separate routes. Please note again, this was a textbook in 1986 however at the time of publishing, the so-called 'empirical' evidences pointed to at least four different pathways.  "The controversies about evolution lie in the realm of the relative importance of various forces in moulding evolution."  http://www.icr.org/pubs/imp/imp-333.htm    Today new mutually exclusive theories are put forward; the Afro-centric model, and the mulit-regional model (see book refs below).     Multi-regional  "Race And Human Evolution: A Fatal Attraction "  by Milford Wolpoff, University of Michigan and Rachel Caspari, University of Michigan "Race and Human Evolution is a far-ranging account by leading researchers in the field that describes the latest scientific evidence and the conflicting theories about human evolution."   http://www.perseusbooksgroup.com/perseus-cgi-bin/search    Afro-Centric  African Exodus: The Origins of Modern Humanity  In sharp contrast to the multiregional interpretation of hominid development offered by Milford Wolpoff and Rachel Caspari in Race and Human Evolution (LJ 12/96), Stringer, director of the Human Origins group at London's Natural History Museum, and McKie, science editor of the Observer, argue for a single-origin theory for the recent emergence and essential unity of our species. The authors maintain that the erectus-sapiens transition happened only once, with Homo sapiens sapiens migrating out... read more --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0805058141/ref=pd_luc_21_lc_a53x40//102-7460756-0424154?v=glance&s=books  It seems that not only do evolutionists put forward examples of artificial selection as evidence of natural selection, they also present purpose as randomness.  Where did you get that idea? Artificial selection was never proposed as evidence but rather as a more familiar illustration of the principles and mechanisms of evolution.  I get the idea from the textbook I quoted from earlier. It states in a simplified form. Natural selection happens. Darwin postulated it. Example of man's breeding.  One flows into the other.  Here is the entire quote again...  "Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory. (The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition.)* That is, evolution is the survival of the fittest. But who are the fittest? Obviously, the individuals who survive. Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival, we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors. This indeed is a tautology. But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness. Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons, in which the breeders' choice was the criterion for fitness. (Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way.) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders. Here too, survival is not the criterion for fitness, productivity is." Robert H Tamarin, (1996) "Principles of Genetics" (5th ed), p571.  A good example is the Typing Monkeys scenario  Another assertion without offering any evidence as to why you are correct. None of the quotes you give offer purpose as randomness.  It is bizarre to see someone calculate the odds that something will happen after it has happened. It is even more bizarre to see that someone read all of those quotes and apparently missed the context in which they were presented. Certainly none of them were meant to present purpose as randomness. You seem to have missed to point of your own quotes. Which of my quotes are you talking about? You dismiss all of my quotes, when I quoted from several sites; those supporting the 'monkey' (or similar) scenario, and those that debunk it. You've dismissed the for and the against. Further, you seem to miss that it is Dawkins who calculates the odds after the event. It doesn't do this, because proponents of natural selection rule out 'ends'... other than survival, and survival simply come about because organisms survive (hence the tautology of "Survival of the Fittest" which Darwin himself felt was a superior phrase to "Natural Selection").  As was pointed out in some of your own quotations, survival is not an 'end' of natural selection. Natural selection is the differential reproductive success of organisms with more favourable suites of characteristics. It is a statistical tendency. Individual organisms may work to survive, but they also work to reproduce. That's as close as it gets to "purpose." And as you know, Darwin's favoured term was natural selection. He never used the phrase "survival of the fittest" without also making a reference to natural selection. The opposite is not the case. Since Darwin's time "survival of the fittest" has been rejected by evolutionary biologists because it is such a poor representation of the extent of the theory. Again you dismiss the whole case of both sides as I presented. I'm not sure if you want to dismiss your own side's argument as well as mine. I'll run by this once more In order to demonstrate the viability of the random gene mutation theory Dawkins and others are faced with a mammoth task. To use their example, to get from the gibberish phrase WDLMNLT DTJBKWIRZREZLMQCO P to a meaningful one METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL they are faced with massive odds that monkeys typing at a key-board would completely by random produce the phrase METHINKS IT IS LIKE A WEASEL without error. So they devised the false test of introducing intelligence; comparing one phrase to the desired phrase, and proceeding until the end phrase has been got. Further, the phrase is got at by reducing the randomness by fixing in place any correct letters gained by this random process Berlinski points out that there is no 'ends' in nature such as in Dawkins analogy, nor is there an intelligence that fixes the correct parts of the code, nor is there something that fixes these against a comparison with an idea ends.
If evolution is a tautology why do people bother to prove it?
I can't believe that you would presume to lecture me on credibility.  I'll tell you what's a pity Montalban.  It's a pity that you continue to post this one quote from Darwin's 6th edition, as though it is the almighty truth and ultimate support for your cause, despite repeatedly being told and shown that Darwin did not like the phrase.  Taking one quote and placing its value above that of the entire works of a man is pitiful.  Posting as though you speak from a position of authority on Darwin and his works when you have admittedly not read them is pitiful.  I choose not to debate with you Montalban because it is an exercise solely in frustration and futility. You don't debate an issue, you debate whatever you perceive to be an issue. On top of that, you post endless quotes and links, most of which are irrelevent or too broad in nature to apply to the topic at hand. IMHO, it's simply an effort to overwhelm the reader while at the same time attempting to position yourself as speaking from authority. I'll admit to being impressed by all the links and quotes at first, but as I've learned your game, I've realized it's just smoke, and there is no fire.  Ohh, and I did read the quote, so I'm clear to talk again. emoticon_rolleyes  Waxy You're a funny man, Waxy. I provide evidence, you provide an assertion. Do you know the difference? Just because some one somewhere else made the same assertion, you presume to think that you can post misrepresentations of Darwin. If you actually had evidence, you'd have posted it.  I look forward to another post of yours with 'just-so' assertions :)
You seem to think one example is the norm.  An adult, polite answer would have been, "thank you." However, the evidence is that you seem to have trouble in creating working links. Yes if that was your sole intent; not presuming that one mistake is evidence for creating links. You have evidence of one instance. And you make it a norm. You don't need to thank me for pointing this out to you :) (using a plura form - links, suggesting more than one, but showing evidence from one instance) It is about artificial. I am suggesting that Darwin recognises as artificial selection something that is selected by man on purpose, or by chance.  Duh. So you are suggesting that Darwin meant exactly what he said? How bizarre. Do you even know what you're debating now?  The whole issue about the Nylon Bug that I'm talking about here is whether the accidental outcome of an artificial event is 'natural'. You're mixing language. Darwin specifically mentioned picking out characteristics intentionally or by chance. He didn't talk about accidents and he was not discussing accidental effects on the environment by man. What do you think 'by chance' means? When man designed nylon, they didn't have all the purposes in mind. Nylon is used for a huge number of things. One of these is food for a bug. One of the "purposes" of nylon, even though it man didn't have this purpose "in mind" is as food for a bug? So therefore, even though man wasn't aware of the existence of this microbe (it's still not a bug - and it would seem that since you are trying to discuss science you would make an effort not to sound like a 5th grader) it is still selection by man. In other words, no purpose, no intent, and not even any knowledge of the microbe. Do you still have a problem with the word 'bug'? I suggest you visit Close_slave_Can's debate about 'creationists' using silly word games. So far you guys do several. One is the 'bug' issue. Talkorigins have no problem with the term 'bug', why do you? Another is you want to make one link error an example of many. You sound very much like a poster who I've dealt with before. Here's a little 'honesty test'. Have you posted here before under another Username? But getting back to the 'by chance' a contemporary of Darwin said "In the fields of observation, chance favours the prepared mind." - Louis Pasteur You can get results you don't expect - 'by chance' or 'by accident' If you just decide one day to feed pigs with a new but cheaper feed and they get bigger, and produce bigger young - would you call that outcome 'by chance' or 'by design'? Man didn't intended this but his interference; in introducing it, has allowed this to happen. It is therefore not 'natural'.  Man didn't introduce it. Where do you think nylon came from? How did nylon enter the world? Thus Darwin himself classes as artificial either the purposeful selection process by man, or where man changes things by chance. Right. And there was no purposeful selection in the case of the microbes that live in the waste products of the production of nylon/ Such 'selection' can not be divorced from man's presence. Nature didn't 'select' anything in this case without the advent of man. [quote=Montalban]Thus if you have two animals (a male and a female) of different stock, and you put them on a farm together, and the male accidentally gets into the pen with the female and voila, you get an offspring that you think is groovy, then this is artificial selection; the whole process of bringing them to the same property can not be ignored.  No wonder you flunked biology. This is information you gained before you joined the forum? Further question, this is a retort?  Of course, what you are now discussing has nothing to do with anything that Darwin said. Of course, you would have to read and understand what Darwin said to comment. You just make things up and claim that Darwin said it. You mean to say that when I quote Darwin I'm making up his words? I find your debate highly enlightening up to this point. I introduce the words of Darwin, and quote from him and others. You just rebut with attempts at ad hominem, point scoring, suppositions/just-so. If you think you can construct a retort, with reference to 'evidence', you've yet to show that you can/will. [quote=Montalban] The key to Darwin's idea of artificial selection is the following " but that he intentionally or by chance picked out extraordinarily abnormal species" He picked something out with intent, or by accident.  There you go again telling us what is the key to Darwin. You haven't read Darwin and you flunked a high school course in biology but you can tell us the key. Did I say that this is the key to Darwin? Nope. I suspect what you're thinking of is when you were here last, under a now banned alias, when I was debating over 'survival of the fittest' being the key to Darwinism. Here I'm arguing about what is or isn't 'natural' in examples given of selection. Sorry you've mixed the arguments up. I can assure you that you have not given the "key" to artificial selection according to Darwin. Furthermore, you again introduce the word accident. It seems that you failed to understand your own quote. Darwin didn't say anything about accident. Darwin used "artificial selection" to mean the intentional breeding of domestic animals. His intent was not that changes in the growth of bacteria as a result of the accumulation of feces was artificial selection. Again, what do you think 'by chance' means? You can go about a cross-breeding exercise, expecting a particular outcome, get another, but are happy with that. It came about 'by chance' or 'by accident', as it wasn't your intended outcome, but the outcome could not have come without your actions. If you have an alternate meaning, then introduce it, don't be afraid. But it's harder to do then just repeat mantras such as 'You're wrong". :) It takes actually coming up with ideas. The definition says in both natural and artificial cases a 'selection' is given. In one, obviously we agree that selection is purposeful how then are the analogous as the definition suggests when there is no 'purpose' in selection processes of nature?  It is clear that you fail to grasp how analogy works as an instructional device. I already explained this to you once but it seems that you are having trouble grasping the meaning. Yes, you do make such at the man debates, and saying, as Waxy did prior, that it was all said somewhere else is highly enlightening. As for the rest of your response, what is your point? Touché :) As I said, as theories develop there are sometimes several hypotheses proposed that explain the observed data. So what if opposing hypotheses exist? That's how science works - formulate and test predictions that are the necessary consequence of the hypothesis. It is upon these types of hypothesise that evolution is taught as having happened. People are told 'man evolved from lower forms... theory based on the evidence', but on closer inspection the evidences point to so many different things that the theory of evolution seems utterly useless if all it says, at the end of the day, that evolution 'happened'. You object to the fact that none of these theories propose, "god did it." How is that supposed to be tested. You see, it really doesn't matter what observation you may make, "god did it" shuts off any search for knowledge. Those who propose that "god did it" is a scientific answer are bad scientists with weak faith. Not at all. Intelligent Design theorists have no such problem of being 'shut off' from the pursuit of knowlege, far from it; your version is more shut off, because if it were true that God did act, you can't recognise it, they can. Their search for scientific truths are able to accomadate an answer that lies outside the constrictions of materialism. It is at the end of the day a 'just-so' argument writ large.a
At its most basic definition "selection" means "pick out the individuals who will reproduce." (In the context of evolution.)  Then you've defined it by the tautology. Survival of those that survive  Not following you. Natural Selection isn't a tautology. It is a term used to describe the fact that not all genetic lines will keep going, some will die out, become extinct. The ones that don't die out keep producing individual organisms that tend to reproduce and so on. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. The term is used to describe that process. I fail to see a tautology.  Saying "those genetic lines that are still going have survived" is a tautology. Saying "those genetic lines that are still going were part of a larger set, all of which are not still going" is not a tautology. The latter is what is described by the term "natural selection." You've said exactly the same thing! The second sentence is still saying "those that survive survive" And Darwin thought the tautology "Survival of the fittest" (which you in effect use in your second example), which is a tautology was a better way of describing "Natural Selection" If you can show me how nature 'determines' something, I'd like to know. Nature determines what color the sky is, at what temperature water boils, how fast you fall from an airplane, the length of the day on earth, how hot the sun is, what your farts smell like, and everything else in the universe that humans don't determine (and even those). I think you miss out on the nature of the word 'determine' which describes an action of thought. v. de·ter·mined, de·ter·min·ing, de·ter·mines  v. tr. To decide or settle (a dispute, for example) conclusively and authoritatively. To end or decide, as by judicial action. To establish or ascertain definitely, as after consideration, investigation, or calculation. See Synonyms at discover. To cause (someone) to come to a conclusion or resolution. To be the cause of; regulate: Demand determines production.  To give direction to: The management committee determines departmental policy.  To limit in scope or extent. Mathematics. To fix or define the position, form, or configuration of. Logic. To explain or limit by adding differences. Law. To put an end to; terminate. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=determine I entered the word 'determine' in the talkorigins search to see how they use it "Fossils are used to determine the order and dates of the strata they are found in." http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CC/CC310.html B. Using Pre-Determined Ages as Markers http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/icecores.htm Science  A method of determine how the universe works by use of the scientific method.l http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/faq-god.html They use it in the context of thought which is the same as the dictionary use above, and the way I use it. Thus when you use the term in such a way as 'nature determines...' you are ascribing processes beyond a mere materialistic nature, it is akin to using a phrase such as 'mother nature' (to ascribe personality) Nylon was developed by man, an unintended consequence of this is the nylon bug lives; that is not natural selection; unless you wish to posit a theory that any unintentional destruction of a species by man is likewise 'natural'. I'm sorry, but your definition of natural selection is simply not the generally accepted definition, then. THat's the gist of this debate - there's many definitions. (see post #1) When man causes the extinction of a species, his actions determined which individuals would reproduce (none of them). This would be, by definition, artificial selection, if you will. Ah, wait, you said "unintentional." Then it would be a case of natural selection. So a species can be naturally poisoned by lead? I take it then that global warming is a natural phenomena; industrial pollution is natural, etc. The usage of the words "natural" and "artificial" in this context infer that they actually represent "non-intelligent" vs "intelligent" action (unintentional vs. intentional.) I believe that if it's by man, and regardless of intent, it's not 'natural'. Since the extinction of a species was unintentional that would be natural selection. See above. Of all on your side, your debates are the least abusive (more precisely they have zero abuse). I tip my hat to you
You were funny once Montalban, now you're 'just so' pathetic.  Are you going to send me a PM claiming your victory?  Waxy Waxy, thanks for the well-researched rebuttal. Do you think that what you're doing does credit to your argument to add insults? I would take this opportunity to warn you not to use such language.  You also add two strands that Ungerdunn did; reference to a PM, and the use of the word 'pathetic' - his favourite. You give yourself away.
That seems to be the problem. You have trouble understanding the meaning of simple English.  Really, is that why you can't answer the challenge of coming up with your own definition?  It was simple a proposal I could make.  You question my use of 'chance' with 'no it's not' type debate. I suggested you try demonstrate how I am wrong. Instead you just go for another ad hominem, and you reveal your ID.  You've had problems before, as time and time again, regardless of which UserID you come up with you still revert to the same non-argument; name calling and attacks on my intelligence. And then you get scolded for bad behaviour, you return, and do it all over again. You can't help it.
What remarkable prescience, considering that the typewriter was invented in 1874, Really? Are you denying that evolutionists use the 'random monkey' example?  There were many typewritters around since, according this, 1714 "The patent for the first typewritter was given to Henry Mill in 1714 but it had so many problems and was not able to be used. From there came William Burt in 1829 with the same idea to make a system of moving keys to be printed on paper; his as well was unsuccessful. Finally in 1868 with much researching and playing around with ideas of past inventors Christopher Latham Sholes invented the American typewritter. " http://www.sunysuffolk.edu/~wooda87/aw.html I must admit that I stopped reading after that. Izzy  Pity that doesn't stop you making comments, though. :) It would help. But I see you do make another post immediately after
Lordy! This nonsense about "natural" and "artificial" selection has gone on too long.  Are not human beings part of nature, and part of the environment? Yes, we are. We also have elements that are super-natural; viz, a soul  Species survival is about the interaction between the population and the environment within which it resides. Man is part of the environment. Most of the "breeding" of the last thousand years has been pure luck. It was only late in the 19th century that we realised that we could intervene in the reproductive process, but of course most of the interventions failed. Thank you. I agree it was by pure luck. But it was still 'artificial', that's what Darwin meant when he said 'or by chance.' The odd thing is you're now arguing the same argument I am - you better watch out, or the other evolutionists will take you to task - actually this is highly unlikely because they're not about genuine debate; just shouting down the opposition. If we really need to make a distinction we should talk about _deliberate_ intervention, including GM, which is clearly one form of evolution. Of all of the millions, or billions of life modifications we have seen, the number of deliberate modifications is so small as to be statistically insignificant. Please do not bring up extinctions. No one has ever successfully set out to extinguish a life form. How about the Dodo? Ooops, you mention that next... All of the extinctions have been accidental: the moa, the passenger pigeon, the dodo. The last dodo died, not to eliminate the species, but to fill a hungry stomach. The Dodo became extinct after the arrival of man on its home island. Accidental or not, man caused it, 'by chance'.  If we were capable of deliberate extinction we would not be bothere with cockroaches or cane toads. Yes, evolution is a tautology. "Survival of the fittest" means that the fittest survive.  Tautology Logic. An empty or vacuous statement composed of simpler statements in a fashion that makes it logically true whether the simpler statements are factually true or false http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=tautology Anyone who argues with a tautology is unfit to survive.  Izzy  When you say 'argue with' do you mean argues using it, or argues against it?  Darwin argued with it, in that he used it. If you feel that Darwin was unfit to survive, that's an interesting idea!
That seems to be the problem. You have trouble understanding the meaning of simple English. An obession with this sort of argument is unhealthy. I take it you can't help use this insult, no matter which UserID you use on these boards.  Note: I take it as an insult that you should question my intelligence
You question my use of 'chance' with 'no it's not' type debate. I suggested you try demonstrate how I am wrong. Instead you just go for another ad hominem, and you reveal your ID. No. I very carefully explained to you the very simple meaning of the phrase used by Darwin. It is just a simple English sentence. Not very difficult to understand. But somehow you miss what he meant. No you stated I am wrong. You seem to think that there's a new definition of 'chance'.  [quote=Montalban]You've had problems before, as time and time again, regardless of which UserID you come up with you still revert to the same non-argument; name calling and attacks on my intelligence. And then you get scolded for bad behaviour, you return, and do it all over again. You can't help it.  No I haven't had any problems before. I have called you no names. To say so is a lie. 'To say so is a lie' is the exact type of phrasing you've done in all your various guises, it's why it's so easy to spot you. All I do is point out your errors, your failure to understand your own quotes, and how you rarely actually make a reasoned argument. I always explain in great detail why you are wrong. But for some reason you don't seem to understand the meaning of simple English. There was no ad hominem. Do you understand what that means? I don't think so. Of course it's ad hominem; to suggest someone can't understand their own language is clearly to suggest a lack of intelligence. And you've done this repeatedly as Lurch, then Ungerdunn, then as Archilochus, now again as Accipitridae. And likewise I've asked you how it is not an insult - and you've never answered regardless of what ID you use, you just say 'it's not an insult' and sometimes add the insult by saying that I don't understand simple/plain English. An obsession with this sort of argument is unhealthy. I take it you can't help use this insult, no matter which UserID you use on these boards. Note: I take it as an insult that you should question my intelligence  But I didn't question your intelligence. A simple understanding of what my words would make that clear. It is an insult. And I've warned you again and again. To say someone can't understand their own language; and you qualify this further by adding that you believe I can't understand simply phrases is to question my intelligence. [quote=accipitridae]You fail to understand Darwin's words. It isn't the first time. You tell us what is at the heart of Darwin's theory without having read Darwin. You didn't even know that Darwin didn't coin the phrase. This has already been refuted before when you raised it as Ungerdunn. You simply believe that generalised criticisms to arguments made somewhere else are sufficient. It is not. It's like your continual raising of the 'noun' argument, and whilst you like to re-write history, it doesn't give you credibility. I'm truly surprised you forgot to add that you 'taught' me that the phrase was not coined by Darwin. Post 161 "Where does science say we come from?" thread But, Barbarian. Obviously Monty doesn't know the essential parts of Darwin's theory. His purpose is to link Darwin to the genocide of Hitler. But he didn't even know that Darwin didn't coin the phrase "survival of the fittest" until I told him. He was totally unaware that it was coined as a description of Spencer's economic theories and that it was Spencer's theories that were misapplied by Hitler. He had to be told that this was the case. See Post 165 same thread for the retort where-in I actually posted what was said, and when it was said. You'll just go on repeating these 'just so' claims, I just go on actually posting what was said. It is sad that you continually make such easily shattered claims. You didn't know what I meant by tautology. Clearly, you have difficulty in understanding simple language. That is not an insult but an observation from your writing. As your claim was false, and you've repeated it again, even after it's been refuted, then your claim is insulting. For example, you claimed that words like "on" and "the" are nouns. That is not true. I said that in the context of function words such as that can act as nouns ... such as in a title of a book. You, posting as Lurch refuted yourself on this one... I direct your attention to Close_Slave_Can's thread about 'word games' where I refute this. Surely no one who understands English grammar and syntax would ever make such claims. Really, and you studied functional grammar, where? So, aside from having multiple personalities; with countless usernames, you continually post re-workings of statements, or make claims that have already been refuted. And you'll go on doing that, because you're obviously compelled to do so.
University of Montana. It was part of my graduate studies in linguistics. It is clear from the sum total of all of your posts about words and their meanings and usage, and what idea is or is not at the heart of some theory that you don't understand, that you fail to grasp the most basic concepts of English grammar and syntax. That is not an insult but an observation. How can anyone claim to speak with authority about what Darwin meant without having read Darwin? How can anyone address complex biological concepts after having failed a course in basic biology? It is laughable. That is not an insult but an observation. Am I to take it that you are Accipitridae as well? Where did you 'observe' this alleged fault in English? (another case of 'just-so' referring to something, somewhere else, at another time?) (for someone who supposedly just joined this month, you're telling me that you've read 'all' (your word) my arguments going back over a year?) Of course it's an insult. And I warn you here. Just saying 'you have failed' or 'you are wrong' is ridiculous. It is not an argument. If you were going to argue you'd give examples, and argue why they are bad. But you don't. Your whole purpose here is to point-score. How can anyone claim to speak with authority about what Darwin meant without having read Darwin?  How can anyone who read Darwin come to twist his words so that they make the false claim that he didn't prefer a tautology? I give references. You give none. You don't even give an argument other to say 'you're wrong'.
Accipitridae (also known as) Selasphorus seems again not to 'get it', by saying But your argument has already been debunked by others It is sad that he continues this attempt at degrading posts. And then he claims that I can't take criticism. It is not criticism, it is insult. There is a difference.  He can't even point to where I have been refuted, or by whom. There is no attempt by him to debate. It is simply to harass. A debate would contain his same assertion backed up with some kind of evidence. A constructed criticism is debate. Saying "You're wrong" repeatedly is harassment. It goes to show the length people will go to to stifle comment. Dogmatic attachment to a priori beliefs often elicit such response.
Evoluition: Change in allele frequency in a population over time.  So....where is your tautology, mutually exclusive theory, and redundant terms? I'm not seeing it there.  Still no reply? Did you miss it? That's OK if you did, I understand you're busy cutting and pasting the entire literary works of the last century (Without having read them all oddly enough).  -Mach No I didn't miss it, I was hoping you'd actually put forward an argument against what I said, not what you think I said. See what I actually said was the tautology. Then make your argument.  Note Post 30 Yes, evolution is a tautology. "Survival of the fittest" means that the fittest survive He said evolution is a tautology.  I said that Darwin preferred a tautology to "Natural Selection"  You may have mixed up who it is you're arguing against.
My response, included this quote, which is what it was in response to. Evolution most certainly doesn't "contain" these things, given the widely accepted definition of evolution that I posted..and that you've read countless times on this same forum. So no, I'm not mixed up. He said it is a tautology. I said it contains amongst other things, tautology, mutually exclusive arguments etc. I have already detailed where the tautology lies; with Darwin's use of "Survival of the Fittest" which he claimed was a better term than "Natural Selection", and I've already stated where the mutually exclusive theory lies; with different ideas with regards the ascent of man. Therefore I suspected, as it turns out, wrongly, that you had mixed me up with this other poster; because I've already stated my case - although you've argued that a) it's too large/complex/full of citations and b) that you give a particular definition of evolution and say that it of itself contains no tautology in the wording thereof... But in short, you argument rests on the wording of a definition. Not the theory as a whole. I still don't understand why you don't take him to task as what he has said is more severe a criticism of evolution; saying it is rather than contains. I am "curious" however, why you're now saying that you are arguing that a tautology is a tautology? It seems...misleading the way you try to broaden the tautology of one phrase, to all of evolution, as seen in your statement "evolution contains tautology". Not at all. The theory of evolution contains many many things. Again, I think it's lack of clarity, possibly intential lack of clarity, in favor of casting doubt on the theory of evolution. Which of course, isn't being debated in science, on the whole. It is being debated by religious people, but that's to defend a dogma, not to understand the world through rational belief. -Mach I understand that many people who are against evolution are religious. But I was pointing out that many people who argue against it, who aren't religious, get labelled as fundamentalist anyway.  I've no where else to post this at the moment, but I'd still like to use it :) Note also this false statement from a  ""Survival of the fittest" is a poor way to think about evolution. Darwin himself never used the phrase. What Darwin said is that heritable variations lead to differential reproductive success. This is not circular or tautologous. It is a prediction which can be, and has been, experimentally verified [Weiner 1994]." http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA500.html This is quite clearly wrong as Darwin did use it in the 6th ed of Species.
Well survival of the fittest was not Darwin's term- although he may of used it it the later editions of the Origin. The phase was actually coined by Herbert Spencer in 1851. Yes, I am aware of this. It was one of the false arguments of another poster that he 'taught' me this fact. It is a painful memory that you want me to re-live :) The fact is Darwin chose it. Said previous poster tried all manner of arguments to get Darwin off the hook... a) someone else coined it b) someone else convinced him to use it c) it had gained popular currency etc. Abrogation of responsibility aside, Darwin clearly states it is a superior term. Darwin I accept, makes mistakes. The person I was debating has no such concession to this uber-man. Weiner could be forgiven for his statement- if he had read the first edition of the Origin (regarded as being the best version as it contains no responses to criticisms that were levelled at the preceding editions) he would not have come across it under Darwin's name. Excepting that Darwin used it. It is moot really, as natural selection is the term that is used in this context today. I accept that. My reason for raising this is because said poster continues to deny that Darwin said that it was superior - he claimed that I was beaten in an argument somewhere else, at another time. Waxy only re-invigorated this debate by stating that I'd been so defeated. post 22 of the current thread being an example of this now cross-thread slanging match. You have innocently walked into the midst of a much larger fight.
Oh, I just got in the post "African Exodus: The Origins of Modern Humanity" by Stringer and McKie - it has one of the theories on the ascent of man.  I'm waiting for antoher book, containing a theory that says something quite the opposite; they are mutually exclusive theories. Earlier this year in debating Mizmaxx on this issue I was still relying on the mutually exclusive theories that I'd been taught in Pre-History at university (back in the mid 80s).  Many of those theories have fallen by the way-side, but now new ones have arisen in their place, still posing the same problem for all who believe in evolution - because they all can't be right.  I shall hope that this book is written in a manner easily digestible by a biology failure :)
Actually, it is quite evident that you were unaware of that fact from your posts. You were instructed by another poster about facts of your own argument. I can understand why the memory should be painful. Sadly, even though you seem to have learned something, you still deny that you have done so. But he didn't. Spencer did and Darwin was convinced to use it because it had become popular among the unwashed masses. So Darwin was convinced to use it, but didn't? It's an illogical argument. Why can't you just put this argument to rest and accept that Darwin did use the phrase. - Or are you now suggesting that Wallace, or Grommit, or whomever surreptitiously inserted the phrase, and added Darwin's words saying he endorsed it? It's a new definition of 'used' you have. Darwin somehow didn't use the phrase -according to you, but it appeared in his books. He should have sued for defamation. Said poster tried to instruct you in the history of the case. All three points are correct. Spencer coined it, Wallace convinced him to use it specifically because it was being popularly referred to by that phrase. Sadly, you don't seem to grasp the meaning of any of it. Yes. Because the phrase (not term) was in popular use, not because it was a more accurate representation of the theory. Moreover, not scientific theory can be adequately represented by some title.  Are you not aware that Darwin is dead? Why the use of the present tense?  That's a lie. "The person" you were debating stated on several occasions that Darwin was wrong about some things. I'm wondering, what kind of sentence was that? It actually seems to be the product of an illiterate or a drunk. [snip]Meaningless, incomprehensible drivel.[/snip]  No you don't. That fact has been pointed out to you by "a certain poster" on more than one occasion. So now you agree that it is Darwin's term (natural selection) that is used today while Spencer's term (survival of the fittest) has been rejected. It seems that Darwin's original term is what has been used for more than 100 years.  That's not true. Why can't you tell the truth? I lying acceptable to you? The reasons why Darwin made such a statement were explained to you on more than one occasion. Did you have a problem in understanding simple English? "Said poster" never denied that Darwin made such a remark. Your statement is a bold faced lie, certainly in an effort to make you seem rational.  But you have been defeated on every occasion. You argue from a position of ignorance. You admit that you flunked a basic course in biology and yet claim exertise in biology. (emphasis mine - Montalban)  Post #22? Then you are claiming that you have read Darwin's works? At least you must have read "Origins." So "slanging" is pointing out the you claim expertise on what Darwin meant without actually having read Darwin? At least you show that you don't understand Darwin - it is written in English, after all. I suspect that you find Darwin most difficult. I am an native speaker of English and I have degrees in language, linguistics, and biology. I have written scientific papers and yet I find Darwin a difficult read. But I have read a lot of Darwin, a lot about Darwin, and volumes on Darwinism and neo-Darwinism. But you know better since you cut and paste short, out of context quotes.  Or is it that you don't understand? I think that may be the case.  You seem to think that if you change your UserID but keep the same arguments, no one will be the wiser. one - a defence of Darwin over the use, regardless of who suggested it; everyone else is to blame, but Darwin - Darwin used it! It's a simple enough point. Regardless of Wallace convincing him to use it, Darwin used it. I don't understand why you'd persist to deny this when it's in Darwin's book, unless it was an editorial mistake. Despite all your claims to having read Darwin you still leap logic by saying that he didn't use the phrase, when he did, in his book. 30 years of teaching it - your claim, has not allowed you to admit that. two - a 'that's a lie' response. If you had an reason not to insult, you'd bother with posting references. But you don't. three - an argument that I've been debated somewhere else over a point some other time - if you want to reference where you or someone else trounced me on the 'noun' debate, do so. I've challenged you time and again to put up your argument. You don't. four - a question over understanding English You seem obsessed to an un-healthy point of using the same insulting language over and over again. It is why you are so easy to spot. No other poster resorts to the same set of insults. I've got a mind to set up a profiling task on you.  I don't know what exertise in biology is, but I don't claim it. Show me where I have! I don't even claim expertise in it, either.  The reason I don't mind admitting my failure in Biology is because it has not hampered me in any way in debating you time and again - and that is why you continue to make the same 'just-so' arguments - because it's all you've got. If you had an idea about where you believe I've been defeated - reference it.
Oh, I just got in the post "African Exodus: The Origins of Modern Humanity" by Stringer and McKie - it has one of the theories on the ascent of man.   Wow! I read the book 8 years ago. It's still on my bookshelf. Stringer is one of the leading authorities on Neanderthals. From you, that's a great endorsement I'm waiting for another book, containing a theory that says something quite the opposite; they are mutually exclusive theories. Wolpoff? Stringer states the majority opinion. But that is not your problem. You want science to be the absolute truth. Science gives an absolute truth - that evolution 'happened'. Yet it's based on evidences which move from one theory to another with well-oiled ease. To a creationist any scientific theory, once stated, must be the absolute and never changing truth. Really? Any of them? Where did you find the Creationist web-site? An objection to two mutually exclusive scientific theories only demonstrates the scientific illiteracy of the objector. Really? I thought it would undermine the 'truth' of evolution, based on 'evidences' that don't actually point to anything other than the ultimate 'just-so' statement; evolution happened. Earlier this year in debating Mizmaxx on this issue I was still relying on the mutually exclusive theories that I'd been taught in Pre-History at university (back in the mid 80s). Did you flunk that course too? You seem to think that a scientific theory somehow represents the absolute truth rather than a good explanation of observed facts. Only scientific illiterates equate scientific theory with truth. Scientific theories are tested explanations of observed facts. Facts which point to mutually exclusive theories; thus undermining the idea of the observation being correct. What is the point in us both looking at something, you coming up with one idea (in evolutionary science), me another, and yet both are accepted? They are subject to revision or rejection upon further testing. Yes, but not 'evolution happened'. That never goes away. Many of those theories have fallen by the way-side, but now new ones have arisen in their place, Certainly true. We no longer believe that the earth is the center of the universe. We no longer believe that the earth was once flooded enough to cover the highest mountain. We no longer believe that the earth is immovable. Many, many theories have fallen by the wayside. And, of course, new ones have arisen. That is how science works. But science has gone well beyond questioning that the earth is 4.5 billion years old, or that the universe is 13.7 billion years old, or that all life is descended from a common ancestor. So, the common ancestor is a given? It seems you now suggest that it is a 'truth'. Before you are actually accepted as something more than a nutcase, you need to present tested data that contradicts scientific theory. You could re-phrase that perhaps so it means something. When you do, your theory will be accepted. If your data is conclusive, then your theory will replace the previous theories. If your data is tenuous, then more than one theory will exist. So, the 'fact' of evolution is based (in part) on tenuous theories? still posing the same problem for all who believe in evolution - because they all can't be right.  But they aren't claimed to be "right." They are claimed to be reasonable and tested explanations for observed data. They are means to suggest further hypotheses that can be tested. Science is a process of learning. You seem to want it to be "TRUTH". What you seem to want is both to say that science doesn't know 'the truth' but it knows evolution to be 'true', based on a large number of tenuous theories. Essentially, if you can show me that the earth does not orbit the sun, I'll accept it. If you can show me that the earth is 7 weeks old, I'll accept it. The problem is that you can't. Therein lies the problem of your claim to be open-minded. You dare someone to do something you already believe they can't accomplish. It's as brave a statement as me saying that if you fly through the sun, I'll drink a bottle of poison. It's a wager that many pro-materialist evolutionists make. One poster on this board (not you, not even under ANY of your UserNames) states that there is no God because there's no evidence for God - evidence based on science being the only 'evidence' he'll accept in this wager - when already defining science as being only about the natural world anyway. It is a strange and circular logic. And it gives people the self-belief that they are open-minded, whereas religious people hold onto dogma like a terrier. That's why they can make statements like... Science isn't cast in stone (as is religion). Science is a process of learning about our natural universe. Religion is not. A very good example, taken in the context that you believe certain things are impossible to argue against anyway... such as evolution; which is not falsifiable. The argument against the fact that scientific theories change as we gain more knowledge is stupid in the extreme. Badly put, because you already acknowledge that they do. Are you now arguing that they don't? Let me offer an analogy. Suppose that the air conditioner in my car fails. I take it to a competent mechanic that I trust. His initial assessment is that the compressor has failed. Later he calls me at work to inform me that the problem is a $5 high/low compression switch. Should I insist that he replace the $500 compressor? The creationist would replace the compressor. How'd you work that out? That is probably the weakest connection between idea and result so far yet seen. Interesting that such a similar analogy was made by another poster 7th_Arty Post #105 of the "Why teach evolution in schools?" thread. (I keep precise records). What happened to him? I shall hope that this book is written in a manner easily digestible by a biology failure  No. As I remember, it isn't. You stand a tinker's chance in understanding the book. Moreover, since you don't even seem to be able to comprehend how mutually exclusive scientific theories can exist, your chances of understanding either book are nil. Do you mean to say that I DON'T stand a tinker's chance? :) How sad that you were unable to pass a basic course in biology and yet you profess biological expertise. Do I make such a claim to expertise? Pleae give references, or withdraw the statement.
Here's few questions for you Montalban: Has it occurred to you that some  people might attempt to read through a thread like this without having a contribution to make ? They might read for information, entertainment, enlightenment, etc. For any number of reasons, in fact. How can you  expect such casual readers to follow what you have say ? Your diffuse contributions are so full of points, counterpoints, instances, citations, quotations, etc., etc., that it's difficult if not impossible to pick out and stick to the core of your argument. Why don't you condense, even be laconic, and argue say just two or three points at a time. The tangents of links, follow-ups, corrections,and justifications that you create are  deeply tedious. As I advised Mach, don't read them, then :)
I'm wondering. What do we call someone who debates feverishly on scientific theories, yet admittedly does not understand the concepts they are arguing against?  Why don't you just come out and say what you mean instead of this convoluted post. If you have any particular reference to me saying that I don't understand particular concepts - lay them out... otherwise... oh, what the heck... Let's see how this kind of thing plays out... What do you call someone who is so dishonest a debater that they can not or will not engage someone on their own side is so feverishly obnoxious, that he posts insults after insults after insults? Silence is what I heard when one poster in various guises made claim after claim after claim based on such generalised nature that it was insulting my intelligence to say the least. What do you call someone who claims a theory of science to be science but continually fails to provide a proof of this, thus it is a 'theory' (or philosophy) of science? What do you call somoene who won't even engage another poster on the issue of the evolution being a tautology? Instead, that is ignored - a more severe criticism of Dafrwinsim than I made, and yet it is met with silence.  Is it productive to debate something that you don't understand the concepts of when it's a fairly involved theory based on scientific evidence? Is it productive an exericee to make such generalisations which are in effect a product of a priori notions that anyone who is religious is irrational anyway? What if you convinced someone NOT to believe in it, but you did so using falsifiable reasons, since you aren't an expert and might not know any better? Irresponsible, is one such word, that comes to mind. -Mach Thanks for the post. Did you have a point? (point-scoring comes to mind).
Montalban is convinced of the following scenario and he has never come close to questioning it.   People that don't embrace God need a solid justification for their ethics and beleifs. They want their ethics to be fully backed up by a dogma and justified by a certain way of looking at the world so they embrace evolution not realising it is a tautology that just makes an obviously statement that things that are good at surviving survive. Evolutionists want to claim their ethics are better than everyone elses so they call their theory of evolution "true science" and claim that their true science is the only form of logical thought.
Montalban is convinced of the following scenario and he has never come close to questioning it.  The first part might be true, the second is most certainly untrue... We can discuss the subtleties between reasoned faith (based in part on trust) and blind faith if you want. People that don't embrace good need a solid justification for their ethics and beliefs. So far so good. They want there (sic) ethics to be fully backed up by a dogma and justified by a certain way of looking at the world so they embrace evolution not realising it is a tautology Have to stop you there as you're going off on a weird tangent. No where do I ever claim that a disbelief in evolution will necessarily lead to Orthodox views on morality. Unless you can show me where I said it, all you've done is joined a long line of debaters on your side who continually make 'just-so' statements and misrepresent what I believe. If you want to know what I believe, here's a good idea - ask me. :) I know it's a novel approach. that just makes an obviously statement that things that are good at surviving survive. If you mean that survival of the fittest is a tautology, yes, it is. It is in essence saying 'Survival of the surviivest" And as you're so prone to not quote, here's one for you from a science text...(my apologies in advance to Mach who may already have stopped reading this post due to its length) "From time to time, attacks on neo-Darwinism are mounted, usually by persons who either see evolutionary theory as antireligious or who basically misunderstand Darwin's theory. One attack, entitled "Darwin's Mistakes," by Tom Bethell, was published in Harper's magazine.  Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory. (The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition.)* That is, evolution is the survival of the fittest. But who are the fittest? Obviously, the individuals who survive. Thus, without an independent criterion for fitness, other than survival, we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors. This indeed is a tautology. But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness. Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons, in which the breeders' choice was the criterion for fitness. (Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way.) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders. Here too, survival is not the criterion for fitness, productivity is."  Robert H Tamarin, (1996) "Principles of Genetics" (5th ed), p571.  Note they concede that it is a tautology; unless an independent criteria for fitness can be used - and then go on to defend 'natural' selection by an example of 'artificial' selection - in which man, akin, I suppose to nature, actively 'weeds-out' those elements he does not desire - thus nature must do the same - making intelligent choices.  Even talkorigins doesn't argue in their apology that it is a tautology, just that he didn't use it  (http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/tautology.html)  Evolutionists want to claim their ethics are better than everyone elses so they call their theory of evolution "true science" and claim that their true science is the only form of logical thought.  You're going to have to explain THAT one! :) My only guess is that you are referring to my QUOTES (note Mach, not paraphrase) from Dawkins who in his bid to show how rational he is, makes an irrational attack on religion.  Note too, someone on your own side said Post 30 Is it natural? Yes, evolution is a tautology. "Survival of the fittest" means that the fittest survive.   Did you question him? Nope. Your unwillingness to engage people on your own side is interesting! Would you disagree with it if I said it?
 all you've done is joined a long line of debaters on your side who continually make 'just-so' statements and misrepresent what I believe. If you want to know what I believe, here's a good idea - ask me. :) I know it's a novel approach.   I cannot give quotes to prove my theory on your beleifs since you don't really ever have a direct point that you see fit to tell people. I ask yoiu rather direct questions and you seem to repeat the same point again and again but getting a feel for all of your posts my viewpoint seems plausible.
. No where do I ever claim that a disbelief in evolution will necessarily lead to Orthodox views on morality.  I don't say that you do. What I meant was clearly shown by your quote about communist beleiving that man evolved to work in groups. I said that people that you claim that people that don't believe in God need a justifcation for their religious beliefs. You twisted my statement. Apologize.
I cannot give quotes to prove my theory on your beleifs since you don't really ever have a direct point that you see fit to tell people. I ask yoiu rather direct questions and you seem to repeat the same point again and again but getting a feel for all of your posts my viewpoint seems plausible. Obviously you want to continue down the path of ad hominem. I gave you an opportunity to ask - if you really wanted to know. You haven't asked, therefore I can conclude you're only interested in telling the world what you think I think. You apologise for doing that.
I do want to know what you think and if I thought asking you directly would get results I would have. I will give it a go. I stated that you think that a main reason people support evolution is that it helps them justify their beleifs such as communism, capitalism or facism. Do you agree or disagree with this?
Yes. Your silence 'says' otherwise. You never once called him into question when he said it is tautology  ...because you have said "Evolution contains tautology." And it does. Already stated the various tautologies in it, and the mutually exclusive theories. Do you want to discuss them? Nope... just a chance to say something like... Your desire to stretch a benign topic into a cancer that will defeat evolution is.........worth arguing against.  -Mach Then don't. Simple. But you're still doing it. You gave up debating ages ago. If you were here to debate, you'd actually get around to answering me sometime instead of going on about how I post posts that are too long, or full of evidence, or other novel arguments.... which you also only raise against me.
 . You gave up debating ages ago. If you were here to debate, you'd actually get around to answering me sometime instead e.  Yes if you don't answer questions you are not having a debate. I asked you a question a few posts ago. You either ignore questions or say that you don't need to answer. Due to your combination of stupidity and arrogance you don't realise you never really debate anything you just smugly quote remarks. Yes that is not a debate it is an attack but I would only feel awkard to responding to actual debates with an attack. That is course nothing to do with you.
Yes if you don't answer questions you are not having a debate. I asked you a question a few posts ago. You either ignore questions or say that you don't need to answer. Due to your combination of stupidity and arrogance you don't realise you never really debate anything you just smugly quote remarks. Yes that is not a debate it is an attack but I would only feel awkard to responding to actual debates with an attack. That is course nothing to do with you. You called me a snake. Are you too unaware of the irony of your post above?Not to mention that you blame me for twisting your words; and you started a whole thread that is nothing but an attack on me.
As I have said, for the third time, your opening post claims "evolution contains tautology", which is nonsense, as I've shown you no less than twice. Your reluctance to admit that is telling.    That's sensless rhetoric. Not surprising, since you've obviously conceded the point. Forfeit counts as a loss you know.  -Mach That's not true. I've already stated a number of times regarding mutually exclusive theories (I gave examples) and tautology (gave an example for that too!) You're just intent on asking me again and again for the same thing.... something you accuse me of.  And yet you're still unable to answer my question about your philosophy of science.
One more time...  TAUTOLOGY....  Tautology has been used to define evolution. I have repeatedly quoted from Origin of the Species (6th edition) where Darwin used a tautology and claimed it was a better way of describing Natural Selection.  MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE THEORIES....  The ascent of man by various models which are mutually exclusive; I stated the the Unilinear School; the Polyphyletic School' the Preneanderthal School; and the Presapiens School which I'd been taught, then gave more modern examples... I stated... I will have to get some books on the latest conflicting theories. Such as "Race And Human Evolution: A Fatal Attraction " by Milford Wolpoff, University of Michigan and Rachel Caspari, University of Michigan "Race and Human Evolution is a far-ranging account by leading researchers in the field that describes the latest scientific evidence and the conflicting theories about human evolution."  http://www.perseusbooksgroup.com/perseus-cgi-bin/search this is also interesting... http://www.chineseprehistory.org/beard.htm  There's also the afro-centric model
You called me a snake. Are you too unaware of the irony of your post above?Not to mention that you blame me for twisting your words; and you started a whole thread that is nothing but an attack on me. What is the irony? You twist peoples statements and then you arrogantly dismiss the arguments you make on their behalf. That is rude and I am sick of it. Other creationists posters are not dishonest so I do not attack them. . You still do not answer questions BEFORE or after I attacked you so that has nothing to do with it. You go to a creationist website and you read how there is anticreationist propaganda and then you read there retorts to anticreationist propaganda. When "debate" with someone you twist your words into a statement you can reply with verbatim quote from a website. When people try and get you to clarify the issue you just state some key phrases in their argument and just assume that since they have a key phrase mentioned on the website they must just be making the EXACT same argument mentioned on your website so you can keep wheeling out the same argument. You never really take what people say on board. Your dishonesty and arrogance mean don't deserve to post and that is why I attack you because I have never seen a person that deserves a ban more.
Tautology has been used to define evolution. No, it hasn't. The phrase, "survival of the fittest," is not a definition of evolution. Even Darwin used the phrase to refer only to natural selection. That is clear to anyone who has actually read Darwin. Isn't it a bit pathetic that after all of this discussion you are still unable to distinguish the process of evolution from one of the mechanisms of evolution. Read what I said. I didn't say that tautology is evolution or visa versa. I said it was used to define evolution. The theory of evolution as set out by Darwin depended in part on the use of a tautology. It was what he used to build up his case. It's not saying that evolution is a tautology; but there is little doubt (except for you) that he used it. I have repeatedly quoted from Origin of the Species (6th edition) where Darwin used a tautology and claimed it was a better way of describing Natural Selection. You have repeatedly misquoted Darwin out of context without understanding what he was talking about. You just say that I have. A 'just-so' argument is not an argument. Although in the last post you did attempt your own miss-reading of Darwin. Quite clearly he says it is a preferred term. It seems that you are again having a problem in understanding the language. Go back and read the paragraph slowly. Why is it that no matter how many times you re-enter this board, no matter how many usernames you use, you still come up with the same arguments? In fact, Darwin didn't say that "survival of the fittest" was a better way of describing natural selection (no need to capitalize - it isn't holy dogma but just the name given to a scientific theory. It seems that it is frequently necessary to instruct you in English syntax and grammar). Here is the whole paragraph that you don't seemed to have grasped. Again, it may be asked, how is it that varieties, which I have called incipient species, become ultimately converted into good and distinct species, which in most cases obviously differ from each other far more than do the varieties of the same species? How do those groups of species, which constitute what are called distinct genera and which differ from each other more than do the species of the same genus, arise? All these results, as we shall more fully see in the next chapter, follow from the struggle for life. Owing to this struggle, variations, however slight and from whatever cause proceeding, if they be in any degree profitable to the individuals of a species, in their infinitely complex relations to other organic beings and to their physical conditions of life, will tend to the preservation of such individuals, and will generally be inherited by the offspring. The offspring, also, will thus have a better chance of surviving, for, of the many individuals of any species which are periodically born, but a small number can survive. I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power of selection. But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of the Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient. We have seen that man by selection can certainly produce great results, and can adapt organic beings to his own uses, through the accumulation of slight but useful variations, given to him by the hand of Nature. But Natural Selection, we shall hereafter see, is a power incessantly ready for action, and is as immeasurably superior to man's feeble efforts, as the works of Nature are to those of Art. Notice that Darwin didn't say that the term was better  Yes he did. He said it is more accurate, and more convenient. but specifically linked it to comparisons with artificial selection. Which he said was more accurate. But it doesn't matter anyway. The phrase has been rejected by evolutionary biologists because is is so misrepresentative of natural selection. Your original argument was that the phrase was at the heart of evolutionary theory. Nope. You didn't even know that Darwin didn't coin the phrase or that it does reduce to a tautology until it was pointed out to you. Why do you make the same generalised non-arguments every time you post on these boards. If you are right about me not knowing, show me the proof. Where did you teach me? You can't help yourself in making these sorts of attacks, which is why, despite repeated warnings about your rudeness, and repeated bannings, you still re-enter the debate, make the same generalised mud-slinging attacks, and then get kicked out again. And you still haven't answered the question, so what? So what that Darwin was convinced to use the term by Wallace (something else that you didn't know until informed on this board). What does that have to do with the modern theories of evolution? Darwin is a matter of little more than historical interest. What exactly is your point? I suspect you will duck this question. First you say he didn't use the term, now he did. Please make up your mind. It's like your userID, you have so many of them. But you're so easy to spot because your choice of language is so predictable.  Let's see: The Unilinerar School is fundamentalist creationism. That is pseudoscience based on religious mythology. The Polyphyletic School is obviously wrong since humans are all a single species. The other two are just assertions on your part of apparent lines of thought that you didn't seem to understand. Why do you consider your high school course in social anthropology meaningful to evolutionary theory? What a laugh. Where did you get the idea that I quoted these from a high school text? And, are you arguing that they weren't taught as science, or that they were? It's hard to tell form your dismissal of them. At least when you re-enter these boards under another Username, it would help if you can keep track of what was said. Where'd you get the idea that the Unilinear School is fundamental creationism? Do you have any citations, or did you just suppose it is? So what if there are conflicting theories? I guess we must reject Newton, Einstein, and Bohrs since each had a conflicting theory of physics. You continually pop off with assertions that show your inability to understand what you have read, or you assumptions about what you haven't read, you admit your inability to actually pass an elementary course, and you never get to the point. So what if there are conflicting theories in any science? How exactly do you think that science progresses?[/quote] Why do you think we should reject Newton? (or, why do you think I should?) I know you have no problem with mutually exclusive theory, that's why you can argue simultaneously that Darwin both used the phrase, and that he didn't. You're not alone in this, Mach both argues that the field of exobiology is science, and science-fiction.
Amazilia also argues several other things at once...  That "Survival of the Fittest" doesn't really matter any more, even if it is a mistake, but that it wasn't, because Darwin never used it, or but only in a certain context, besides he was forced/urged to use it by Wallace, and besides that, he didn't coin it.  And he accuses me of not understanding English! And that I don't understand English, because I never passed Biology!  He makes some off-handed dismissal of several schools of thought that were used to describe possible ways that man evolved. He even accuses one of being a creationist notion! I'd like to see him prove that. He should read... Poirier, F E, "In Search of Ourselves: An Introduction to Physical Anthropology"    which he alluded was both a book on Social Anthropology, and a high school text!
While you see the need to not only debate him on points, Yes, how silly of me to debate him on 'points'. I should debate him on .... what? then post an expose about your ideas of his capability, And here you are again criticising one side, and not the other. He was insulting; you remained stony silent. I'm still curious why you like to discuss why a tautology is a tautology. Because he denies that Darwin ever used it. Darwin did. Small point but he entered into all sorts of highly spurious rationales rather than accepting this point (again you were stony silent on this) How does the phrase "survival of the fittest" change in any way, what evolution is, the evidence that supports it, What is evolution? and the fact that there simply is no strong evidence for any other mechanism by which humans have come to be, on earth? What is evidence? I ask because I assume you must think there is some relevance to the discussion of creation vs evolution. There might not be, that's OK too, I'd just like to make sure we don't put words in your mouth. -Mach Well that would be a first time.  But why ask now, after several days, after he's gone by the wayside, after he made the claim again and again and again? You made no statement while he was claiming this false claim? Why your sudden interest in digging all posts I've responded too?
I've noticed that many creationists spend much of their time trying to refute the theory of evolution rather than trying to prove their own theory to be correct. I will point this out, to both creationists and evolutionists alike, that refuting evolutionism does not necessarily prove creationism, and vice versa. It's not a case of "Either creationism or evolutionism is correct," it's a case of "Either creationism, evolutionism, or some other theory is correct." There is a name for this fallacy, although I don't know it off the top of my head. Can you point out where this argument was made? If not, your post is an example of a 'fallacy' to the extent that not all anti-evolutionists are for instance young earthers. Dembski has called this "the myth of fundamentalist intransigence" * that only religious fundamentalists oppose evolution.  Also, one argument oft cited is the challenge that people need to come up with another 'theory' to replace Darwinism. In part, Dembski also deals with this in the Introduction to his book... "Consider the case of superconductivity. When the experimental evidence went against the existing theory, science did not require that a replacement theory be ready and available before establishing that the existing theory was inadequate... With regard to superconductivity, the Dutch physicist Kamerling Onnes diverted the phenomenon in 1911. Superconductivity refers to the complete disappearance of electrical resistance for materials at low temperatures. When Onnes made his discovery, however, there was no theory to account for superconductivity. Such a theory was not proposed until 1957. It was called the BCS theory after scientists Bardeen, Cooper, and Schrieffer, who received the Nobel Prize for physics for it in 1972. The first paragraph of the Nobel press release describes the BCS theory as providing "a complete theoretical explanation of the phenomenon." But the theory didn't stay complete for long. In the 1980s Bednorz and Muller discovered superconductors at much higher temperatures than previously identified and explained by BCS. To date, no replacement theory for BCS has been found that extends to high-temperature superconductors. BCS, instead of being "the theory of superconductivity," now merely explains a quite limited range of superconductors." Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", page xxxi  In part, this may be impossible anyway, given that some Intelligent Designers are seeking scientific proofs in a climate where many (including posters on this forum, viz Mach) believe it is of itself impossible - because of their own beliefs as to the limits of the pursuit of science.  *page xxii "Uncommon Dissent" (Dembski, Ed)
I explained the ideas about science looking for God in posts already -these are probably ones you complained about being too long.  You really don't want to 'debate' as such, but debate me, usually by saying you've not read what I've said, but you disagree with it anyway.  I have repeatedly asked you to prove your notion of science is science, and you don't.  I expect you can't, rather than 'won't'.  For anyone actually interested in alternative theories of evolution that don't discount God... I repeat the following reference... Lawrence Henderson wrote "Fitness of the Environment"  You can see a very large tract on it at http://www.members.iinet.net/~sejones/pe06envr.html .
Mine, your, his, her "notion of science is science" are all unprovable because science is NOT a subjective account of the material world. It's an open-ended enquiry into the objective facts. Conclusions about such facts are based not on private fancy, but on publically verifiable evidence. Then you miss the debate. For, what evidence Mach accepts, and what evidence others might, is different.  Mach will only accept things from within a materialistic frameworks. Others (cited earlier) beleive that one can reasonably conclude where God is within nature - the simplest notion being design infers a designer.  For Mach et al, there is no designer but nature acting through no conscious level.
That's your response? You belly-ache about some other post and how I dislike your use of 200 page cut and paste of other people's work to somehow add to the debate? What does this have to do with THIS topic? (nothing). No. You have belly-ached on this matter at every instance, but only when I make large posts. Not others. Like how you try point-scoring interjections on whether I've said Evolution = tautology, and yet let it pass when someone on your side actually says it (I never said it). Thus you're not here to 'debate' as such as to shout-down with lame arguments people from the creationist side. Hence you make claims about science, but don't back these up with science, and you make a very odd argument that's moving all over the place - size of response/you can't read it/understand it or whatever; you're yet to actually make up your mind what it is you're actually objecting to - other than it's from me. (Even throwing in a question (such as below) when we've already gone over it). I know ciricular reasoning is your forte, but to actually keep asking the same questions again and again - and you get answers. Conversely, you've still yet to prove your version of science is science, as you believe - whereas I've already shown several versions of science that exist. Then you use fallacy in attempting to describe to everyone what I might do? Nice work.  It hurts when you feel this type of debate? So in case you had a moment of weakness and that's not your normal debate technique, here is is again: 1. What limitations, specifically, do you think "we are imposing" on science? 2. What limitations, specifically, do you think I "believe" science has? 3. What limiations, if any, do you believe science has?  Can you answer these claims you made, while using my name, or will you withdraw them? If you cannot also support your knowledge of "other posters on this forum" also believe these things, again, please withdraw them.  -Mach Yawn. We've already gone over the idea of yours that science is that which is based on evidences that is from materialistic/naturalistic sources.
I can't speak for Mach: he does that effectively for himself; but if your reference here is to different sorts of evidence being available for, say, the gradual process by which the present diversity of life arose from the earliest and most primitive organisms, then I would query your definition of "evidence" in this context. The evidence you know I'm talking about is the support for conclusions arrived at by using scientific method. What's this other "evidence" that you say others might accept that would account for the SAME logical conclusions ? It's too facile of you to dismiss contributions by saying stuff like "you miss the debate". As I've said before, trying to follow your line of argument is difficult enough without having to put up with lofty disdain when some ambiguous point is questioned. It was not meant to be a criticism of you, but a fact of the matter that we, Mach and I, have had a long running debate - into which you enter at a late stage - thus when I make a short sentence such as the one you question, much of the 'blanks' are already filled in by our (his and mine) debate. So to try to summarise... What is science meant to answer? That is in effect the question Mach and I have been debating. For him, science can only deal with materialistic/naturalistic processes, anything beyond that is not science. Further, the only 'evidences' he accepts are scientific ones. Therefore he concludes there is no God. Why? Because there's no evidence for God, based on the idea that the only evidence he accepts are those dealt with by science. I believe that this is rather circular. He does not.  I pointed out that there are other theories of evolution that don't discount the super-natural, (his version of science can never account for such). There are those in the Intelligent Design community who believe that we can decipher enough about nature to find a design, and where there's a design, a designer is implied. This is a branch of science that he has not really commented upon.  There are those who believe in the "Fitness of Nature". Thus the notion that Mach has about science, and in particluar evolutionary science is that of a philosophy of science.  Further insight into this can be seen when I replied to another poster But evolutionary science is the physical realm,  No. One focus of the evolutionary science that you speak of is the physical realm, but that is a philosophy of science to deem that science should only be about the material world. It is the form of science taught 'as' science in most western educational systems, but it remains a philosophy of science.  Other forms of evolutionary science don't deal with just the physical (see below an interesting theory on the 'Fitness of the Environment'. You simply believe that there is one evolutionary science, it is normative, everything else is not evolutionary science.  "The real problem with the evolution debate is not empirical Darwinism. Rather, it is a sort of theory creep in which a bold but circumscribed scientific claim becomes conflated with a much more sweeping philosophical claim. The philosophical claim is then presented as though it were a confirmed scientific fact. Metaphysical Darwinism maintains that the theory of natural selection has successfully reduced all teleological and normative phenomena to the interplay of chance and necessity, thus eliminating purpose and value from our picture of the world. Metaphysical Darwinists regard belief in objective values as primitive superstition, on a par with a belief in witches and ghosts. What is worse, they perpetrate a fraud on the public by draping their profoundly speculative philosophy with the mantle of scientific authority.  James Barham "Why I am Not a Darwinist", in Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", p178.   and has a lot of cumulative evidence to support itself, though admittedly I know little of the subject and bring my pre-existing biases with. But to reject the theory out of hand is,Why hold to such a radical position, especially when it doesn't seem necessary?   You will have to explain the 'necessary' aspect of this further.  The mechanistic process in Darwin's idea is disputed by other theories of evolution. Lawrence Henderson wrote "Fitness of the Environment"   You can see a very large tract on it at http://www.members.iinet.net/~sejones/pe06envr.html . The earth seems so suited for life, it can't have been by chance that life came about by chance. The inference is that there's an intelligence/blueprint behind it. This does not mean that the Christian God is proved by it, or God in any definition. BUT it is a form of evolutionary theory that tackles the problems of the holes in Darwin's mechanistic models.  Michael Denton agrees with when he states that the gene-centric theory of neo-Darwinism - is insufficient to explain all aspects of biology. He states "Yet by the late 1980s it was becoming obvious to most genetic researchers, including myself, since my own main research interest in the '80s and '90s was human genetics, that the heroic effort to find the information specifying life's order in the genes had failed. There was no longer the slightest justification for believing that there exists anything in the genome remotely resembling a program capable of specifying in detail all the complex order of the phenotype... From being 'isolated directors' of a one-way game of life, genes are now considered to be interactive players in a dynamic two-way dance of almost unfathomable complexity, as described by Keller in "The Century of the Gene"  Michael John Denton "An Anti-Darwin Intellectual Journey", in Dembski, W. A. (ed) "Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals who Find Darwinism Unconvincing", p172.  He gives examples of the folds in RNA which happen consistently, and independently of genetic coding... but these rules governing the folds... "These laws of protein form are strictly equivalent to the rules that govern the way atoms are combined into molecules or subatomic particles are combined into atoms to generate the periodic table of elements...  The folds present stunning evidence, perhaps the first clear evidence discovered in biology, that highly complex organic forms can be generated by natural law. With the folds, the impossible has become possible - the basic building blocks of nature are specified in abstract laws of form and are not simply a mechanical program in the genes. They are lawful, emergent, self-organising forms and not contingent 'cleverly contrived machines'. Here is a set of forms that arise directly out of the basic properties of matter, confirming the inference I had previously drawn from reading Henderson, that life might be encoded in the basic properties of matter."  Ibid, pp173-74    Thus science reveals in the formation of RNA a chink in the gene-centric universe of Darwinism.
The thing with intelligent design is it takes what has been discovered through the "usual" scientific method and then decides that the complexity and precision of what is observed is best explained by invoking and "intelligent" force behind it at some point. This is a very "human" thing to do- our minds want to explain things, but we can attribute the same phenomenon to different causes. We try to relate what we see to our own ideas about solving a problem. If we need a tool of some form, we sit down and design a purpose built device to meet that end. Our technologies are quite evidently not the product of chance events (well, thats not true in all cases) but of careful and meticulous design, testing and refinement and so on.  If we look at form and function in nature we often see what appears to be the most incredible perfection in form and efficency in function. The very metabolic processes that drive life are remarkable in themselves.  However, is it a valid assumption that amazing perfection and so forth in nature is a product of the same process- intelligent design- as our own technologies are? or is it a case of an easy and (ultimately) unquantifiable explaination for finding the all important "why?" in what we see?  I don't see why the "why" of nature should make any sort of sense to our minds at all. Sometimes it does and thats nice and straightforward, but sometimes it doesn't- does that mean we then resort to the intangable to finish our explorations? it seems ludicrous to go so far with science only to stumble at the final hurdle (for this race!) because some minds cannot realise that just because we see "design", we are actually looking at the result of adaptation.  Finally, a note on time. Underpinning the whole history of life is a dimension we have a very limited comprehension of- time. The majority of us experience less than a century of it in our time alive. Yet, our research tells us that we are on a planet 4.6 billion years old. We cannot personally comprehend what 200 years means, let alone a thousand. So there is much that we don't understand about how life changes with time- we can see the results in fossils, but we cannot really "test" it and see what that time can do to life when operating in concert with natural selection. An acknowledgement for this limitation is another reason to be wary of attributing the nature of life to a very human outlook, conscious design. Firstly This is one of the most intelligent posts I've seen on the evolution/creation debates for a while (and I am not being sarcastic -I find your words a refreshing change in that you have delivered a clear concise statement devoid of insults - not suggesting that you are normally insulting). You have shown how it can be done.  Secondly, And this might seem all the more strange. I do not necessarily believe in the ID debate. I post their stuff to show that there is an alternative view that can exist within science. The ID debate doesn't point to God, but they at least don't cut themselves off from the possibility of God.  Thirdly, The power of the mind is also used to paste over problems in mechanistic evolutionary models - such as several ideas on how the eye evolved. Darwin himself started this error of judgemnt off becuase he couldn't explain how the human eye evolved, and was therefore forced into a conjecture by showing a whole series of already existing eye forms and suggestng that perhaps they themselves show a possible evolutionary path. The idea goes something like this... look at a critter with a photo-sensitive patch, then another with a cusp that makes light direction onto the patch descernable, etc, up to the eye in a modern human. http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/evolution/library/01/1/l_011_01.html I know it's just present as a 'possibility'  I gave this tract a while ago Some people have declared that our eyes, if the part of a designer, are poorly designed. I don't see this. What I do see is an eye that allows us to enjoy beauty, art etc. Sure, we don't have X-ray vision, but our eyes are good enough. (I mention X-ray vision; what basis do people lay claim that our eyes aren't good enough; that we can't see through walls?)  If we can now focus on possible evolutionary path-ways for the eye, we will see that evolutionaries have an eye for make believe.  The classic case (http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/evolution/library/01/1/l_011_01.html) Darwin looked at several existing eye structures, and suggested that this progression of simplest to more complex types of eyes might be suggestive of a path taken in human eye evolution.  Firstly, the core word is 'might'. Thus it is not the all conclusive proof Darwinists would suggest. Where is the evidence that random changes did occur as they say? What caused these changes? Why were they only positive changes? As Michael Behe points out there's enormous complexity in re-arranging the DNA just to get a depression...Behe, M, "Darwin's Black Box", p16ff. Where is the molecular explanation? The Darwinist say..."Every change had to confer a survival advantage, no matter how slight." Why? What about dead-ends? What about negative mutations?  What Darwin has shown is what we can call 'conceptual evolution'.The logic behind this is akin to showing a series of pictures: skateboard, bicycle, motor-bike, motor car, etc. We can see that they get more complex, but did the design for a car stem from that of a skateboard? We see the connection between these things (eyes, vehicles etc) because we organise it in our brains... but I'm not going to explain perceptual organisation.   There are other explanations (http://www.biol.lu.se/funkmorf/vision/evolution.html) The Lund Vision Group shows computer modelling to suggest how a complex human eye could evolve (see under Computer Modelling) "the structures of a focused camera type eye can evolve in less than half a million generations" (Ibid.) Wow that's quick... so in all that time we're to assume that they went around with mutations that still hadn't quite produced a working eye. It's a shot in the dark, but it might work, providing that the intervening generations didn't need proper vision!   In just six diagrams we get a model of the eye. This is again a case of conceptual evolution... seeing patterns that are meaningless unless you draw a connexion between them. Richard Dawkins is so impressed with this that he features the image on his web-page.  The fraud is more clearly seen at http://www.don-lindsay-archive.org/creation/eye_stages.html  If you look at the few diagrams here, starting with a light sensitive patch, moving to a more complex eye, we can see the deception of using a rubbery model. The thin line at the top of the light-sensitive spot does not change in each model, yet in the end is the lens! The light-sensitive spot wouldn't have a lens... so the one little line which remains the same in each picture represents in fact vastly different things.  Richard Dawkins claims that the eye is, by fact that it is poorly designed, proof against a creator. This is an interesting logical flaw. By stating a subjective view of an eye as a conclusive proof he has left hismelf open to attack. How is the eye 'flawed'? He claims because it is 'poorly wired'. But the eye does function, and does so quite admirably. Further, by stating that he can see a 'poor design' likewise we can now look for 'good design' to discern a designer!  That is to say, if he can show that some things have evolved, simply by how they are put together, we can now look at how all thigns are put together in order to see if there is proof of a good order, and therefore a good design, therefore a designer. Thanks Dawkins!  But getting back to the evolution of 'the eye', Behe compares it in a similar way to what you tocuh upon - the mind filling in details. He said that if you take a series of pictures; say a skateboard, bike, motor-bike, car, aeroplane, etc. we can see that these are progressively more complex things in a series - of transportation vehicles. But to get from one to the other, through 'evolution' is much more difficult - same with the eye, to get even from the light-sensitive spot to mean anything, it's no good just having the spot, but some kind of device (brain, perhaps) to make sense of the incoming data
I'm not going to attempt to deal with the many points you make in such a long and complex statement; and it would be rude to butt in on your debate with Mach. I certainly didn't mean to suggest that your comments aren't welcome, just that a lot of detail has already gone by....  I just want to focus on the part of your statement quoted above and try replying to "What is science meant to answer"? Science is seeking truthful answers to questions about the material world. The route to those answers is through the gathering and evaluation of evidence using the rules of scientific method. Scientific truth, which is probable to various degrees, fits in with observed fact and has predictive value.  Evidence for certain assumptions you appear to make (e.g. that there  is a God) is based on revealed knowledge which is not susceptible to scientific enquiry. I can live with you saying that. Mach has actually said 'there is NO evidence for God', and for me 'evidence' is not just what science provides. I believe in testimony, etc. [/quote=Alan Ryan] Anything beyond materialistic/naturalistic processes (as you yourself put it) is outside the precinct that science is able to police: in other words, questions about purpose, morals, aesthetics, etc. cannot be answered by science.[/QUOTE]  This last part has some interesting points. Are things that can't be answered by science 'real'? I don't believe that there's ever been a scientific test for love - or even a definition. This is not meant to be a trap. I believe that there exists things that science can't test for. Mach doesn't (or has modified this to take into a heap of things he thinks one day 'might' be able to be tested for by science). (I state this so you know both our positions on the matter). He believe in only what can be tested (or as stated, potentially tested). I don't. I believe in a soul. I believe in God. I am not anti-science to believe that science has limits in that it can't test for these things.  Secondly, do you think that science can prove miracles? I know that when miracles are claimed for, the Catholic Church has a panel (including scientists) that examine the claims. If something can't be shown to have happened by naturalistic means, or by artificial ones, then by definition, not having a scientific answer, it is deemed a miracle - that's what miracles are. Science can certainly test weeping statues of Mary and determine if they are caused by melting wax, evaporation, other fakery etc. Of course I recognise that not having a scientific answer is different from providing proof that God did it.
I seem to be involved in a debate within a debate here,  so I'm just going to say this and then shut up. When you ask "are things that can't be explained by science real" - my answer would be that the nature of the "reality" you're talking about is a subject for philosophical enquiry. There is some support for the claim that "subjective reality" can be probed by psychologists, but whether psychology itself qualifies as a true science is a matter of debate. This seems to suggest that the only things you think are 'real' are those tested by psychology/philosophy (please note there is a difference). The idea here I believe is that you can say something 'is real to me'. That is not what I believe. Love is real in the sense that it exists whether I am alive to experience it or not...  As to the other line of debate with regards evidence, I have mentioned that there exist other postures with regards evolution; that are not wholly materialistic.
This seems to suggest that the only things you think are 'real' are those tested by psychology/philosophy (please note there is a difference). The idea here I believe is that you can say something 'is real to me'. That is not what I believe. Love is real in the sense that it exists whether I am alive to experience it or not...  As to the other line of debate with regards evidence, I have mentioned that there exist other postures with regards evolution; that are not wholly materialistic.  You cannot prove what is or isn't without any humans (or more broadly some living organisms) around to experience it. How could you? You've in effect re-worded the old puzzle if a tree falls in a forest and no one's around, does it make a sound? In the void of no life, what are ideas, concepts, emotions? They do not "exist". This is a philosophical discussion to be sure. I love these questions, we should have a new thread on the philosophy forum to explore this. Philosophy has no clear winner in most cases, which makes it more fun to debate IMO. I'd probably agree with you more there, although certainly not on this topic. Then for you, or your posturing about 'love' being found by science is now reversed? First you said it could be found/defined by science, now it's real only in a philosophical sense? Science doesn't discount, necessarily, philosophy/psychology, it's much more constrained. But here's the difference I think we're looking for:  Evolution's foundation stems from scientific observation/testing.  Religion's foundation stems from a belief/dogma. Not entirely true. Religion is also based on observation. I have mentioned witnesses to miracles, people speak with God etc.  In terms of being "certain", you can roughly look at this as a spectrum: Most certain (formal proof, certainty) : ---< least certain/no certainty (no evidence) Mathematics --< Science --< Pseudo-science (i.e. psychology) ---< philosophy --< dogma. Prove this, using science. If you can't, then your belief is actually philosophy or dogma!  To argue that something accepted in science is incorrect because of what a dogma holds to be true, is not constructive. It's also not a rational position pursue. Let's test my theory. Mach: "2+2 = 4" Joe: "My bible clearly states that 2+2=1, so you're incorrect".  Mach: "Science shows the earth is around 4.55 billion years old according to all of the available evidence" Joe: "That's incorrect. My bible clearly states the age of the earth to be no more than around 6000 years old.  If we remove the religious tone, to make it more acceptable, we quickly see how irrational your stance is. Whoa! The ultimate strawman winner has emerged. Science hasn't 'shown' it has suggested. You are now going to do a bait switch from science not really being able to prove something, to now saying it's absolute that the world is 4.55 billion years old? Mach "Statistics show that driving drunk is more risky than driving sober"  Joe: "I don't believe that because I read a web site that claims driving drunk is LESS risky than driving sober because you're more mellow."  More insulting straw-man. It is insulting to suggest that religious people are not rational. Likewise, it's not rational to take a philosophical concept (without certainty), and hold science responsible for not supporting it. Which is what you're doing with your concept of love. You did a switch now. A while ago you attempted to show science in the concept of love. Now you've given up. However, do you now suggest love does, or doesn't exist? It's quite easy - 'yes' or 'no'. If 'yes' then you accept something exists without scientific proof. So to summarize, now that we've examined the root issue, we see that what's being argued here is simply: What we've seen is you take unreasonable positions on maths and drinking - assigning as by analogy - irrational behaviour to those who are religious - and then arguing against that! Science isn't "good enough for you", because it doesn't support religious dogma. Not at all. My religion says nothing about digital watches, stereo TVs, aeroplanes etc. I'm happy with science there. Further, you completely misrepresent me on this, as I've already posted a number of times the following "Long ago (in the 4th century!) one of the Church's teachers Vasilius the Great wrote about this. He advised the Orthodox Christians neither to rely upon the scientific data in order to provide foundation for their faith in Christ, nor to try to disprove them, because "the scientists permanently disprove themselves." http://www.pravoslavie.ru/english/age-of-earth.htm It is not the Orhodox way to tie our dogma to science, but hey, since you're about ignoring what I say, and prefer to argue what you'd like me to have said, so be it. Which should be clear to see for everyone, including yourself, as an irrational position to hold.  -Mach Yes, if that were my position, but it's not. So, re-constructing the position of religious people into straw-man, arguing against that, and voila, you've got your version of debate.
Whoa! The ultimate bait and switch winner has everged. Go back and show where Mach mentioned proof. He didn't you say? The why did you imply that when he said that "science has shown" that he meant "proved?" Could it be that you didn't understand the words? Could it be that you are a scientific illiterate? Read it again and follow with your finger - move you lips if it helps. He didn't even imply that it is absolute that the world is 4.55 billion years old.  If you can't actually address the issues raised, then why do you bother? Could it be that you actually fail to grasp the ideas being expressed? Could you re-word the first few sentences as they don't make sense. And I'm not just talking about spelling. Maybe we doubt that your opinions about Orthodox Christianity are as misguided as you ideas about science. Maybe that ad hominem needs be challenged. Did you have anything in mind? Nope. Just one of your trade-marks. That's why I give specifics, such as Mach calling exobiology 'science fiction', yet he also supports it as science. What do you think?
Could you re-word the first few sentences as they don't make sense. And I'm not just talking about spelling.  Certainly. I can understand how you would be unable to understand what I meant. I can usually fill in the lapses in the posts of others because I have an understanding of the language. I comprehend thoughts, even though words are missing or misspelled. Obviously, you can't. As you said earlier, an adult, polite way would be to say thank you. :) I have no problem with making mistakes, with those who admit to doing so. You have a problem though, as you can't seem to stand it when you're caught out. That's why you continue to return to this forum and make the same apology for Charles Darwin's mistake.  Here's what I meant: Whoa! The ultimate bait and switch winner has emerged. Go back and show where Mach mentioned proof. He didn't you say? Then why did you imply that when he said that "science has shown" that he meant "proved?" Could it be that you didn't understand the words? Could it be that you are a scientific illiterate? Read it again and follow with your finger - move you lips if it helps. He didn't even imply that it is absolute that the world is 4.55 billion years old.  No you missed how he was arguing between certainty, testability, rationality etc, which he believes is science, and non-rational, subjectiveness which he perceives is religion. That's why he compares it to a 'truth'. He runs the two in parallel. Mach: "2+2 = 4" Joe: "My bible clearly states that 2+2=1, so you're incorrect".  Mach: "Science shows the earth is around 4.55 billion years old according to all of the available evidence" Joe: "That's incorrect. My bible clearly states the age of the earth to be no more than around 6000 years old. It is a rhetorical ploy akin to push-polling. He gets us to think along a certain line - science is for the self-evident truth of 2+2 =4, whilst the irrational religious person "Joe", is for a non-truth 2+2=1 based on what his religion says. And in parallel, science says one thing, and the already ridiculed religious person says another. He is guiding you to a conclusion, problem is you've already made it. Sadly, it took two keystrokes. Your command of English seems a bit below par for a native speaker. My meaning was evident to anyone who has a grasp of the language. I'm sorry that you have such difficulty with the language and will try to proof read my messages in the future. Please refrain from your typical ad hominems in the future. If you can't discuss the topic, then why bother. Your insults only demonstrate the hypocrisy of Christianity. What ad hominem? Is it ad hominem to say that I don't understand what you've written? It was not meant to be an attack on you, but an admission on my part. However... Maybe that ad hominem needs be challenged. Did you have anything in mind? Nope. Just one of your trade-marks. Ad hom? What are you talking about? I didn't attack you. I challenged your assertions. Is there some sort of intellectual disconnect going on here? Are you unable to distinguish disagreement with your unsupported assertions and out of context quotes with personal attack? How sad for you. You have my pity. Life must be very difficult for you. You think my ideas about science are misguided. Then you link it up with what you think I think about Orthodoxy. You said... Maybe we doubt that your opinions about Orthodox Christianity are as misguided as you ideas about science. You are quite clearly calling into account now my knowledge of Orthodoxy. If you've got an actual example, present it. I doubt you'll do this as it's not your style. You prefer generalised mud-slinging. Hence... That's why I give specifics, such as Mach calling exobiology 'science fiction', yet he also supports it as science. I missed that. Somehow I don't believe that the case is as you represent. Then check out the Science and Math thread. I would have to read the statement in context. You don't seem to have a very good sense of context. You seem to hang on individual words rather than the meaning of more complex syntactical structures. In short, since I have seen several of your quotes out of context, (some of mine as well) I don't place any credibility in any of your quotes of others. You aren't a very good historian and you seem to misrepresent the intent, and even the actual words of others, quite frequently. Yes, as I said, this is the generalised attack you opt to make. Its an unproved statement. What do you think?  I think that you are dishonest and only semiliterate. I think that you have no idea of what science is or how it works. I think that you are motivated by the mythology of ancient nomads that you believe is ultimate truth. Since you asked, I offered my opinion. I suspect that you will again ban me because you know how foolish you make yourself appear. Oh, well. Can't stand the heat because you know how silly your assertions are. Many people oppose me on this forum (and this isn't the only forum I debate on); Close_slave_can, Mach, Kronus, etc. You seem to think that being rude is the same as 'debate' and that if someone objects to you being rude, then they can't stand to debate. You are the only one who is continually rude - so much so that no matter how many times you re-enter this debate forum you automatically return to the same type of debate and are thus easily spotted. CLUE: I put out a 'feeler'; the statement about me and high school biology, and you can't help but use it. You do so EVERY time, you're the only one who does it. That's one of the reasons I've no problem stating it. I point this out just to show how to avoid this in future - if you can... I doubt it. :) I would prefer if you didn't use this, and actually try to debate me. But nope, time and time again you return, are easily recognised by your automatic responses. I told you I study information (including the use of language) and also epistemology. Your formal study in biology has ill-prepared you for actual debate and you give yourself up so readily by returning to the same insults. At least next time, try and come up with something original :) How long have you been doing the same thing now? You've debated me now over a year. But anyway, I wasn't asking you for your opinion on me... so eager are you to give it. I asked you directly after stating what Mach said on exobiology - that he believes it is science fiction. The question was in the context of that statement. You seem to have both recognised this, by commenting on it; believing it taken out of context, but unable to help yourself, you give an opinion of me too. :)
I must confess that I think the most annoying thing in the world is when, in an argument, someone says "Stop questioning my faith! emoticon_cry" It's a way of saying that debate is harmful. Soon, someone will say "Who wants to have another Inquisition? " Do you think there's a difference between someone asking/questioning another on faith, to telling them that no matter what faith they have, they are irrational?  I'd like to know.
You've in effect re-worded the old puzzle if a tree falls in a forest and no one's around, does it make a sound? It's the root of the question you posed on if love exists without humans (or life) around, many philosophical, even scientific, journeys lead to this basic question, but again, that's not the topic here, although it's a good topic for another thread. It's no problem for me, because I accept that it exists without scientific proof. You either do or don't - it's hard to work out as first you advocated that science was attempting to, or might one day answer the question, but of late you say that it's purely subjective, and therefore not for the realm of science, but philosophy (and you included psychology in this). Later on you become more belligerent, I believe, based on the fact you're still unable to prove your beliefs by the only criteria you see as proof; your beliefs. It shows an odd thing that you make statements and can't prove them by what you deem 'proof'. Simply put, you've been caught out. Then for you, or your posturing about 'love' being found by science is now reversed? First you said it could be found/defined by science, now it's real only in a philosophical sense?  I have said, and say again, and again: 1. My definition of love, the what..3 I've given you so far? Are all verifiable and have sufficient evidence to warrant belief. I can only ASSUME you had some definition of love that was NOT verifiable. I have a definition of love that's not verifiable by science. That's different from not being verified. Yes you've given various attempts at giving a definition; one of which was based on personal experience; everyone experiences it, therefore it's real - that's not science. A second definition was based on a web-site where people were saying that they were looking for it. I don't know what the third one is, unless that's the one where science can't look for it, but philosophers can (see above). 2. You let us know that your definition is either love is god, or love cannot be without god. Both of which, for this argument, are good enough to debate. I told you a) God is love and b) there's no point going any further because you say you only accept what is verifiable anyway, (except love), and you keep this mantra up; as well as anyone who believes in God is irrational. I'm trying to get you to either admit there's no science of love; in which case you DO accept things beyond science's realm, or that science has come up with a test/definition of love; which you've yet to post. Once you accept either position, then we can proceed from there, but as stated, you've shifted your stance on love from being adamant that it exists - and posting some sites of scientists looking into it, to more recent ones where it's just philosophy. 3. Yes, we all know, and we don't need to repeat it here (or do we?) that things that have no evidence are not rational to believe in, and are not knowable through any means, including...yes, science. So by your choice of definitions of love (love = god), it's by definition supported by a dogma as premise, and it doesn't need science or sufficient evidence to make it's claims. Your confusion confuses me. I am confused as to which stance you're willing to take. Your stance on science too, I'm still waiting for you to prove, by science. You haven't even attempted that one. Not entirely true. Religion is also based on observation. I have mentioned witnesses to miracles, people speak with God etc. Montalban, bigfoot is based on a few witnesses, so is the loch ness monster. So is the Easter bunny, I'm sure there are a few poor souls out there who have "seen" the Easter bunny. That's you again that only irrational people believe in things, therefore all things people witness are irrational. Let's just talk then about the science of Vulcanism or the geosynclinal theory, or eugenics, or phrenology. That is what you're trying to do, show one thing know to be not proven and lump all things in with that. SO, by your rational as scientists once put forward several theories that are now wrong; they're all wrong. So you get to make a choice Montalban. You can either accept ANY AND ALL fantasy-land as rational, worthy of belief, and worthy of scientific support (not even investigation, you want dogmatic belief), or you can accept that for science to consider it "known", or "knowable", or "rational", or "reasonable to believe in", requires that it exist in the physical universe, and requires sufficient evidence. Again, that's the silliness of your argument. I don't believe in ANY AND ALL fantasy-land beliefs. It is based on the appallingly arrogant notion of yours; much repeated, that belief in religion is irrational. Which is it going be Montalban(?) Shall we change the foundations of reason, logic, science, etc., to allow in trolls and bigfoot and witchcraft and boogeymen and psychics, just because you find certain specifics in science are troublesome since they don't agree with your brand of religious dogma? That's a yes or no question. It's a silly question. It's akin that you must accept all science as science. Recall you couldn't understand this, and I pointed out that Nazis conducted quite scientific experiments (go back to the Science and Math thread). You admitted you reject it (on non-scientific grounds). Why? Shouldn't I now put that you must accept ANY AND ALL scientific theory? That's a yes or no question! Again this is a chink in your armour. Sorry to point these out :) Prove this, using science. If you can't, then your belief is actually philosophy or dogma! Burden of proof is on you buddy, you know that right? These are categorizations, and don't require "proof through science" though, just basic English language skills with a smattering of common sense. No, the burden of proofs on you. You have stated what you believe science is, and all you need to do is prove it using science. You can't because it's a philosophy. I've already given you several theories of science that are also philosophies of science - which you reject because they don't fit your category of science, which you can't prove is science and not just another category. It's called circular reasoning; and you live by it. You've been asked now for about 2 weeks or more to prove your claim and you've not been able to, and now you call me come up with proof. Further as to 'common sense' you differentiate below between what is rational and what is irrational. Now again because of your confusion of definitions that you give we must conclude that common sense is irrational, as it's not backed up by scientific proof. Mathematics is by definition a science, look it up. Yes, I know it is. I've already mentioned most recently that I debated SLP over this, he took the side that it isn't... but concentrated on the word 'maths' which is Australian English for what you call math. "Science" : A broad term in this case I'm using it to encompass life sciences, cosmology, geology, etc., I'm sure you can fill in the rest. Psychology: Partially based in science, while parts extend beyond or current ability to provide evidence for or against. Philosophy: Depending on your philosophy, some require evidence by definition, some do not, and some we do not and possible cannot know if evidence for or against can be found. Yes, and you don't require evidence from science that your view of science is in fact all that science is, therefore it's a philosophy of science. Finally, your favorite, DOGMA.  "a religious doctrine that is proclaimed as true without proof " There's your dead ringer! It's also a filmic style, and the name of a film. But I used it to describe certain people's beliefs on your side of the fence for a dogged determination to believe without facts - hence your belief in your version of science is science, and have yet to prove it; and now you want me to prove it. So to summarize with those in mind: Mathematics: To prove something in mathematics requires formal proof in logic (in math's logical language). Where does Godel's Theorum work into this? The more general "Science", such as physics, life science, etc.: It's understood that all science can theoretically be proven by mathematics, Really? How do you prove a cold by maths? (even in theory?) I'm not saying that you can't but I'd be interested to know. but mathematics has not progressed to that level yet. So science accepts verifiable, repeatable evidence, using the various methods of science. Since it is not generally fully supported through mathematics, science progresses, and often corrects it's conclusions based on newer evidence, or evidence that previous theories are shown to be testable as false. Philosophy: Those areas requiring rational analysis/logic, etc. to arrive at beliefs, are by definition beliefs that require rational analysis, logic, etc. However, philosophy also encompasses those things NOT requiring evidence..i.e. metaphysics, among other fields. So, some of philosophy requires sufficient evidence, some does not, by definition. Saving the best for last, your personal favourite (I'm guess here on it being your favourite).... DOGMA!! "DOGMA: a religious doctrine that is proclaimed as true without proof " Did I read that right? Proclaimed true WITHOUT PROOF? I did, and so did you. Would you mind providing where you got your definitions from? dog·ma P Pronunciation Key (dôgm, dg-) n. pl. dog·mas or dog·ma·ta (-m-t)  A doctrine or a corpus of doctrines relating to matters such as morality and faith, set forth in an authoritative manner by a church. An authoritative principle, belief, or statement of ideas or opinion, especially one considered to be absolutely true. See Synonyms at doctrine. A principle or belief or a group of them: &#8220;The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present&#8221; (Abraham Lincoln). http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=dogma So....in summary: Mathematics: Requires formal proof Science: Requires sufficient evidence, parsimony suggests can all eventually be verified mathematically Philosophy: Some philosophy requires sufficient evidence, some does not, and some we don't even know if there CAN be shown through evidence. Dogma: claims truth but requires no evidence/proof. I don't think you'll disagree with this in general. Is the search for aliens science? Again you're up in the air over this as you both say it is science, and the opposite - science fiction. Again you've been caught out because unless you're now going to show me the rationale behind exobiology, then it's not science (and remember for you rational thinking relies on proof; that's what you say in your latest post).  Whoa! The ultimate strawman winner has emerged. Science hasn't 'shown' it has suggested. You are now going to do a bait switch from science not really being able to prove something, to now saying it's absolute that the world is 4.55 billion years old?  I said specifically:: "Science shows the earth is around 4.55 billion years old according to all of the available evidence"" You lie in your rebuttal, to put it bluntly. Either that or you misread my statement, or didn't comprehend it. You decide. That's not true. Read the rebuttal I gave your now departed colleague, in post #27. You set it up nicely. You use a rhetocial device. Science is now saying that this is how old the world is, and you tie it in to the certainty that 1+1=2. More insulting straw-man. It is insulting to suggest that religious people are not rational.  It's irrational to take offense at that. No, what's irrational is to type-cast everyone who disagrees with you as irrational. That's what you've done. Here's why: Rationalwebster)  relating to, based on, or agreeable to reason  Reason: (Webster) a sufficient ground of explanation or of logical defense; especially : something (as a principle or law) that supports a conclusion or explains a fact <the reasons behind her client's action< d : the thing that makes some fact intelligible : (Webster)  Dogma: "a religious doctrine that is proclaimed as true without proof " To believe in something without sufficient evidence, proof, etc. is irrational by definition. So no, I'm not insulting you, I'm reasoning you.[/quote] That's not true. One can believe in something based soley on the process of reason... as in philosophy, and require no science at all. That by you would be irrational. SO you've condemned not only every theist in the world but all atheist philosophers too! And you claim that's not insulting. It is. It is in fact an untenable position to take. I can have a reason for acting without scientific proof. Everyday we, you and I act on things without recourse to science. It is illogical to suggest that you do otherwise. rea·son P Pronunciation Key (rzn) n.  The basis or motive for an action, decision, or conviction. See Usage Note at because. See Usage Note at why. A declaration made to explain or justify action, decision, or conviction: inquired about her reason for leaving.  An underlying fact or cause that provides logical sense for a premise or occurrence: There is reason to believe that the accused did not commit this crime.  The capacity for logical, rational, and analytic thought; intelligence. Good judgment; sound sense. A normal mental state; sanity: He has lost his reason.  Logic. A premise, usually the minor premise, of an argument. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=reason Good judgment can be based on past experience, trusting those who tell you. Irrational means to be without this. If someone gives you chocolates... do you eat them based on the fact you like the person, and the chocolates, or that there's a scientific formula for how you should act? If the former, then you are doing what would be considered reasonable, and therefore rational. I know this is difficult to come to grips with as you have this odd idea that only your side of the debate is rational. IYou did a switch now. A while ago you attempted to show science in the concept of love. Now you've given up. However, do you now suggest love does, or doesn't exist? It's quite easy - 'yes' or 'no'. If 'yes' then you accept something exists without scientific proof.  Switch? You call logical steps a "switch"? You believe love = god, god does not require proof, therefore it's by definition a dogma, and by definition NOT something that science can rationalize. That's according to your definition of love. I'd appreciate if you concede on that point, it's over, right? The positions are mutually exclusive; that science can test for love, that science can't. You've moved from one to the other. How is that analogous to me believing in God before, to me believing in God now? There is no switch there. What we've seen is you take unreasonable positions on maths and drinking - assigning as by analogy - irrational behaviour to those who are religious - and then arguing against that!  I'm stunned that you can think this. I say again, THEY ARE THE SAME THING, IT'S A SIMPLE LOGICAL ANALOGY: No, it's not. (see above). I can understand why you don't think you're being insulting; you give a reason - and this itself is not based on science. Dogma: Considered true without requiring evidence/proof. (setting: takes place in our good ole universe) BOBBY-JOE: MY CHICKEN LAYS GOLDEN FREAKING EGGS BETTY-SUE: PROVE IT. BOBBY-JOE: I DON'T HAVE TO, I DON'T NEED TO HAVE EVIDENCE, IT'S A DOGMA. BETTY-SUE: Then, I believe your chicken lays golden eggs. Q. Is BETTY-SUE making a rational conclusion, or an irrational conclusion, based on the evidence that no egg has ever been witnessed to lay golden eggs, and that there is no reasons to suspect any chicken has the plumbing to form and squeeze out a hunk of pure Au, and that the only evidence she has his her immature brother's verbal claim, a brother who has been known to be incorrect about his claims in the past.  Check one: A. Rational B. Irrational You think I'm using strawman? It's LOGIC 101. No, it's not logic. It's based on your a priori notions with regards to what is rational, and it's based on the notion that all ideas not based on science are invalid. And then you argue from that axiom; which is false. There are many centuries of great minds that have come to believe in God, from great thinkers such as St. Augustine of Hippo, and St. Thoms Aquinas down to our own era. They did have reason behind their belief. Replace chicken/egg with God, you know, substitute the variable, and you'll do fine with it, trust me. As stated, it is the absolute paramount of arrogance to suggest that people who believe in God are irrational. That is why you're having trouble with where to stand with regards 'love'. You want there to be science to back up your beliefs that love exists, but you can't find any, and as you only believe what is backed by science, you're now moving to a belief that love only exists in a 'philosophical' sense. And yet the irony is, if you believe in love in only a philosophical sense then you are being irrational, by your own defintion. This is why it's an untenable position. Not at all. My religion says nothing about digital watches, stereo TVs, aeroplanes etc. I'm happy with science there. Further, you completely misrepresent me on this, as I've already posted a number of times the following "Long ago (in the 4th century!) one of the Church's teachers Vasilius the Great wrote about this. He advised the Orthodox Christians neither to rely upon the scientific data in order to provide foundation for their faith in Christ, nor to try to disprove them, because "the scientists permanently disprove themselves." http://www.pravoslavie.ru/english/age-of-earth.htm It is not the Orthodox way to tie our dogma to science, but hey, since you're about ignoring what I say, and prefer to argue what you'd like me to have said, so be it. Yes, if that were my position, but it's not. So, re-constructing the position of religious people into straw-man, arguing against that, and voila, you've got your version of debate. Your point is not only not progressing your side of the debate, it's taking you right back to irrationality. Why? Because you misrepresent my faith as you tried to do? Or that you develop an artificial notion of what is truth? The only thing you seem to disagree with science on are those parts that do not accept your religious dogma. Of course you won't get far denying digital watches work, please DO take that stance and we can fly to Australia and force you to watch them work. However, since you've chosen only those scientific theories that have sufficient evidence, and choose to debate them with, of all things, a dogma, then I cannot see how you think your position is valid. Here's another analogy for you so it's easier to choke down: Here endeth my debate with you at present as you've just gone and repeated a misrepresentation of my faith. I just stated I don't have any problems with such things, and now you totally ignore that and pretend that I might. It is totally dishonest of you to do so. I wonder if that's rational?  It is one thing to remain ignorant of the many great minds that exist outside your own circle; philosophers and theists, it is another to be so arrogant to say that they are all irrational, based on some weird idea about science, that you can't even prove anyway. It is in fact irrational of you to make such an argument (based on your own definition of rational). This is why you have now developed the tactic of misrepresenting my faith - to the point of suggesting I have problems with digital watches.  That's several times you make illogical statements; One is on love, but you switch so often now, it's hard to know what your stance is Another is on what is rational; based on evidence; yet you accept speculation of science (without evidence) as science; so it's either rational or irrational, again it's hard to tell as you make several arguments at once...including that it is both science and science fiction. (I suggest you look 'fiction' up). Another, closely related, on only just emerging is that you base your beliefs in science as science on English langauge and 'common sesnse' which, also by your own definition is irrational. And from this strange position you base all other arguments on; what you think is science Further, I have no problem with people questioning my faith, but it's another thing for someone like yourself to simply repeat a misrepresentation of it, even after I've told you something. I think that you are stooping to doing that because your argument has become devoid of any reason - you have (by your own definition) yet to provide a reason why you believe science is as you say it is.  To others interested in knowing... Science Main Entry: sci·ence  Pronunciation: 'sI-&n(t)s Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Middle French, from Latin scientia, from scient-, sciens having knowledge, from present participle of scire to know; probably akin to Sanskrit chyati he cuts off, Latin scindere to split -- more at SHED 1 : the state of knowing : knowledge as distinguished from ignorance or misunderstanding 2 a : a department of systematized knowledge as an object of study <the science of theology< b : something (as a sport or technique) that may be studied or learned like systematized knowledge <have it down to a science< 3 a : knowledge or a system of knowledge covering general truths or the operation of general laws especially as obtained and tested through scientific method b : such knowledge or such a system of knowledge concerned with the physical world and its phenomena : NATURAL SCIENCE 4 : a system or method reconciling practical ends with scientific laws <culinary science< http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?book=Dictionary&va=science&x=0&y=0  sci·ence P Pronunciation Key (sns) n.  The observation, identification, description, experimental investigation, and theoretical explanation of phenomena. Such activities restricted to a class of natural phenomena. Such activities applied to an object of inquiry or study. Methodological activity, discipline, or study: I've got packing a suitcase down to a science.  An activity that appears to require study and method: the science of purchasing.  Knowledge, especially that gained through experience.  Observation and description are what people have done when they saw God and saw His miracles. Catholics believe that you can have proof of God (http://www.newadvent.org/summa/100203.htm). That they use reason is sufficient to say that it is not irrational. Even if you disagree with them. It is one thing to do that, and another to say that they are irrational  "It is not perhaps without good reason that we attribute to simple-mindedness a readiness to believe anything and to ignorance the readiness to be convinced, for I think I was once taught that a belief is like an impression stamped on our soul: the softer and less resisting the soul, the easier it is to print anything on it...On the other hand there is a silly arrogance in continuing to disdain something and to condemn it as false just because it seems unlikely to us. That is a common vice among those who think their capacities are above the ordinary".   "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities", Michel de Montaigne (1993), "The Essays: A Selection", Penguin Classics, p74.   Note: 'reason'. Reason is not reliant on science alone.
Hi, I tried to sift through most of the arguments on this topic, but I really only have a few questions to ask those who believe evidence is not required in what we might consider to be "science": I for one am not against 'evidence' per se. However several posters such as Mach are against the evidence ID might present based not on the validity of the evidence, but because it doesn't fit within their philosophical frame-work, which I believe is an un-scientific notion - if science really is about seeking answers. ID theorists don't propose that 'God did it', though that is a possibility. They are prepared to keep an open-mind regardless of what the evidence might point to. And several believe that the evidence suggests order - like laws of biology. Mach, et al discount it simply because they've already discounted God, and he discounts God because there's 'no evidence' based on a philosophy of science that wouldn't account for God anyway. Circular reasoning. And it is a philosophy, one of many, because his statement on science is not proven by science, but by philosophical arguments.... such as "it's common sense" which not being science, is by his own definition, irrational.... ah, irony. It's perfectly acceptable to believe that creationism or ID is what guides the course of the fields that evolution tries to explain, unfortunately it denies science access to more esoteric areas that evolutionary theory guides to, such as genetics. The current paradigm of evolution in biology allows scientists the opportunity to delve further into several areas which are important to society like medicine through pharmaceuticals or study of pathogens. Until a theory comes along that provides better analysis of phenomenon in nature than current evolutionary theory, and it will eventually, practical scientists will accept evolutionary theory as truth in order practice useful science. But what if ID were correct in relation to evolution? The materialist-evidence-only science as put forward by persons such as Mach would fail to account for this, if it were true. That is the problem with such a philosophy of science - it has established frameworks that the answer might lie outside of. What you seem to propose is "let's not accept it because the answers (if they are there in the ID-framework) might be too difficult to deal with in a practical way." It seems to be, "Let's not consider it as a possibility, because of other implications"
So why argue anything? I can make up a billion fictional ideas and your belief system can accept everyone of them because "you don't need proof". Just a few examples of historical danger from this sort of "belief" system, that reuqires no proof: Problem 1: You do make up fictional ideas about my belief system, and argue against that. Problem 2: is that you still attempt to prove your idea on science by philosophy, and therefore, by your own (ill-conceived) definition, your belief is irrational. I can't debate with irrational people :)  Get back to me on this when you present hard science! emoticon_smile
No Montalban, you are incorrect. First, science is just the method of observation and testing to aquire knowledge. Yes, and if that observation points to a particular conclusion, you'd dismiss it on philosohical grounds. I state this because you have a philosophy of science. I know it's a philosophy because you're unable, by science, to prove it is science (as science is your only test you'll accept for what's rational - it's the hole of nonsense you've dug for yourself) If, your premise: ID is correct with regards to evolution That's not my premise. I don't say I support ID, but I do suggest that it might possibly be correct. Then it's assumed that it is possible to test it's correctness (because you KNOW it's correct) which means it's in the physical universe, which lies within the bounds of what science can examine. That is true. That is why Dembski came up with a mathematical 'filter' to test whethere somethings 'natural' or not. So you're wrong. That is, unless you assume ID involves things that cannot be tested or observe or otherwise don't exist in the physical world. Then ID joins an infinite number of other fantastical arguments that have no evidence and possibly cannot have evidence tp support them. I'm afraid you're wrong, as you simply believe that it can't be done. That's why you're acting from a philosophical point of view, not a science one. [quote=Mach]When you say "answers" do you mean answers that no human, including yourself, can give us a method of determining? Interesting argument to say the least.[/quuote] That is you re-working things without knowledge of the ID method. Here we go for your trade-make re-working of what you'd like me to say... Here is an example of your argument vs the limitations of science: Mach: There is a secret race of aliens that resides INSIDE your eyeballs and they are 100% undetectable by any means. They actually control us, but because they are supernatural, you cannot prove they don't exist. (You also cannot prove they exist). Montalban: Well, science should accept these despite the lack of evidence. What a laugh. You're the one who believes in exobiology. Have you changed your stance on that again? At least you should stick with a stance. Mach: OK, let's make up a billion such fantastic creatures and ideas and say they are all OK to believe in even though they can be neither proven nor disproven!! I would submit this is irrational, not based on reason, and not worthy of debate. By defintion 'fantastic' means not real. God is real, therefore you're making believe in an argument that I would not make. But why stop, you seem compelled to re-work my argument based on diminsihing returns... based on your own inability to provide hard science to back up your stance on science. You provide no rationale for that. I can't deal with irrational people!
Sure, I posted a short novel with clear examples and you duck it with this...whatever it is. That's fine, as I said, I'll grudgingly accept your forfeit *ding*  I'd buy you a cup of coffee if I were anywhere near Australia  -Mach Yes I know you made up examples; that was straw-man. If you want to stop being irrational (by your own definition), I'll be glad to discuss things with you. emoticon_frazzled  You made up examples; that is the key. I provided actual science obejections to Darwinistic evolution, and you pretend (through ignoring them) that I posted nothing but what I 'feel'. I do 'feel' that you'll keep doing this because you've painted yourself into a philosophical corner on this one - ANY argument I present, no matter what sort, you'll read with your 'filter' on.  PS I don't drink coffee. How about a Dr. Pepper?
What is rational? This seems to be Mach's major stumbling point as he associates EVERY religious belief as irrational.*  Mach argues about the 'rationalness' of science. On another thread (Science and Math) he was shocked to find that there were many things that can be done in a scientific way, that I'd object to...  Post 26 of "Other Intelligent Life in the Universe..." There are many things that scientists are engaged in that I don't agree with - in case you've missed it; EVOLUTION. If you want other examples; I would classify experiments on humans as science, if it is done in a scientific way; as done by Nazi scientists. Would I argue that it is irrational? Yes, of course I would. Even though it might literally be done 'in a rational way'. A butcher (of people) who is methodical is still a butcher. Should one assume therefore that you accept everything a scientist does do as both being rational, and worthy, simply because it's done by scientists. To which he replied post 27 I don't think human experimentation is "irrational." Criminal, and nauseating, yes, but not by definition irrational. So he is prepared to subsume rational science by (using his definition) irrational means.  It seems that sometimes he is prepared to place the irrational above the rational, after-all  *Which is based on two notions a) his own circular reasoning - proven not by science. b) not knowing about rational beliefs; such as held by some of the Ancient Greeks, Desism, et al  Deism is a belief in God based on reason and nature. More specifically, it is a belief in God that created the universe and set it in motion to run by natural processes (laws), and is based on the observation of orderly nature (universe) and human reason (speculation), rather than on holy books. Generally, it's a rational belief in God without accepting the creeds of any particular traditional religion. http://www.deistnet.com/  See my new post Proof of God, under religion.
What is this fresh madness, is there a point in there you bring to the table? let's see: 1. Redefining nature to be the word "god", then saying belief in god is rational. Where did I do that?  Did everyone catch that? You are such a sneaky one...is that malicious intent or are you making mistakes? Quote me saying it. I didn't. I said Deists believe it. You have a problem with not knowing who said what. I note this because you continually write stuff about what I haven't said. 2. Science is not a requirement for reason you maker of strawmen. A+A=B therefore: B-A=A Is that based on the science known as Maths? By definition, that's reasonable, wouldn't you say? OOh, let's do another one. Mary has two golden eggs. Mary gave one golden egg to Bobby. therefore: Mary now has one golden egg. Isn't that based on the maths-like theory of logic? Why do you task me at every step with obvious dilemmas? You are the one who is now withdrawing from your definition of what is reasonable. If you now accept that there are things outside the realm of science, then you don't need to keep harping on about 'insufficient evidence'. Thank you for destroying your past month's untenable arguments.  Belief in anything without sufficient evidence, over something else which has sufficient evidence, is irrational.  What is the 'evidence' displayed above re: the golden eggs?  If you would like to use a different word, maybe, oh, I don't know, insanity, illogical, ignorant...what word can I use here? Please tell me. Maybe we can make up a new word, let's call it "correct". Then I'd have to say "believing in something without sufficient evidence is "correct". Then you'd win!!  an insult by any other name is still an insult Sort of like your point about nature eh? -Mach Which point is that? One you think I said? :)
Montalban, I must interject that that is the stupidest attempt to refute reason I've ever seen. It was his analogy. I asked for clarification. You find that stupid, go read what he said.
Yes, that's the point he was trying to make.  Btw- "logic" is not a theory, to my knowledge.  . His whole idea was to refute the notion that he believes science is the only basis of 'reason'. He was trying to come up with ideas of certainty outside of the realm of maths, and then he gave an example using maths. Go read what he said, again. It was his example. He said "Science is not a requirement for reason you maker of strawmen."  And then gives an example by for reason by using science. I know he's hard to follow.
In part, this may be impossible anyway, given that some Intelligent Designers are seeking scientific proofs in a climate where many (including posters on this forum, viz Mach) believe it is of itself impossible - because of their own beliefs as to the limits of the pursuit of science. "Seeking scientific proofs". Can you elaborate as to what these intelligent design theorists are actually coming up with for "proofs" with regards to ID? It's creationism, dogmatic belief...unless you know of some "proofs", or maybe more accurately, evidence, that show this to be a better supported theory than the evolution of life through processes in the physical world. I've already mentioned in post 37 what Dembski is doing. This is another, it seems, time-wasting exercises where you ask me questions that have already been answered. You responded to it already in post 38, or have you forgotten/not read what you were responding to? in a climate where many (including posters on this forum, viz Mach) believe it is of itself impossible  I set up a scientific climate? I didn't say that. You've missed another difference to what I said, and what you think I said. One is that there 'is' a climate, which is what I said, the other is that you established that climate, which is what you think I said. This seems to be the greatest weakness you exhibit when arguing, and it undermines 70% of your argumnet; because you argue against positions never put. Who here is doing research as a scientist that I am stifling? Again, you know. ID theorists has already been mentioned. Secondly, you claim that I claim it's "impossible", which is most certainly not something I have ever claimed (you know what we call that...) Putting words in my mouth is a past time of yours I know. No you only think that because you seem to be unsure of the implications of what I say, and even what you say. You have stated that the only scientific evidence you'll accept is for a materialistic outcome. ID theorists may come up with stuff that points to God, whom you don't believe exists due to that lack of material evidence, or have you changed your position on this too? because of their own beliefs as to the limits of the pursuit of science. As I originally asked, and was never answered. Please enlighten us to the limitations of science, Again you already know this. You know science can't test for things such as love.  and how specifically you would change the limitations of science to allow for your sorts of pursuits? I would not be so arrogant as to put this in terms of 'how I would change science's. I simply put forward the ideas of some scientists that look for ID. This is your first post, the first I rejected, and after pages and pages I still don't have these basic response from you. That is, if you'd like to support your original statements.  -Mach You often make the claim I've not answered you, and yet you respond to my posts which contain the answer. More evidence that you quickly rush through the post to answer what you already believe I am going to say, rather than what I actually say.  I persevere never-the-less because I have a great store of patience. But even that is beginning to ebb. You have continually made claims as to what you think I said, and generally they are only slight difference of emphasis that you miss.
Montalban, I must interject that that is the stupidest attempt to refute reason I've ever seen.  And of course he is actually attempting to argue against himself. His original beleif statement is along the lines that science is the only real test for certainty, because it's based on evidence. There's no scientific evidence for God, for example, therefore there is no God.  I proposed evidences outside science, such as eye-witnesses, which he rejected out-of-hand due their the nature of that evidence; being non-scientific.  I questioned him about 'does love exist?' and he tried at first to show that science has shown love exists. This failed, and he switched to giving philosophical proofs.  Now he says that there are some things we can be certain of that exist outside the realm of science (though he used maths/math-like arguments to prove this). Had he done so, then he'd have argued against his position on knowledge needing to be based on evidence (by which he means scientific evidence). That is, he is attempting here to argue against one of this own over-arching beliefs.
Eye-witnesses are most certainly not outside of science...who would claim such a thing except for you, using strawman?  But as to their usefulness:  1. Were are these living eye-witnesses who saw god? How can we be sure they are not delusional, or lying? Can we veify their claims? 2. If there are other eye-witnesses who saw god, but a DIFFERENT god, should we accept these too? 3. If there are people who saw ufos..should we accept these too? 4. Trolls spotters? 5. Bigfoot spotters? 6. psychics? 7. magic?  We could fill this forum up with such claims based on "eye-witness" And this would do what. Make psychics actually psychic? Should be accepted as solid proof? We have tested many of these things, and looked very hard for evidence. Psychics have been tested for quite some time now (all with the same result, nothing more than guessing). No bigfoot yet, no trolls (although I don't know what a troll is so I cannot be sure), no ufos...no gods or demons or angels either. Hrph. That science is just SO limited!!  -Mach Then you are arguing against yourself because before you belittled theories for God saying that there was NO evidence, and in this you meant scientific evidence.  I put forward 'witnesses' and you discount it, as you do here now. See the Science and Math thread. Please stick to a debate.
1. You still have not answered my questions above. 2. You argue that I do not stick to the debate when I just quoted you on this thread, then refuted it. You live in an odd world, where pigs can fly.  -Mach And you make straw-man (see your own pigs can fly quip)  But you're still unable to show why you can subvert one lot of science, by using irrational argument, and question me doing the same. When you get around to doing that, then perhaps we can look at your 'question' (which has in fact already been answered).
The Physical evidence god creating the universe, is the universe. How else couldve it gotten here?   Bloody Demoncratic doubters... :xbanghead
To Dzeron: * The fact that the universe is finely tuned for life. The article provides a list of factors that point to a designer.  * The many evidences that point to a young age of the universe. These can be found here if you are really interested in looking at the evidence. This supports Biblical creation as these all point to a young Earth as opposed to supporting the long-age of the Earth.  * Of course, the many examples of design features in the universe also point to there being a Designer, i.e. God. Some examples of design can be found here.  * The fact that we do not have any undisputed transitional fossils. More information about this and some other fossils that show that they must have been formed catastrophically during Noah's Flood can be found by clicking on this link.  * The interesting fact that Australia's Aborigines most likely saw and lived with dinosaurs (this article is an interesting read at the least and can be found here). Other examples of human eye-witness accounts of appearent dinosaurs can also be found on the dinosaur Q&A page.   Along with these accounts, an amazing discovery of red blood cells in fossil bones from a T-Rex with traces of the blood protein hemoglobin. This implies that dinosaurs are not as old as the evolutionists suggest and thus provides evidence for the Bible's account that man was created with the dinosaurs on day six of the creation week only 6,000 years ago (literal 24 hr days). An article of this discovery is avaible at: http://answersingenesis.org/creation/v19/i4/blood.asp   * The geology Q&A page provides many evidences of where geological knowledge supports the Bible's account and events, including Noah's Flood.  * The fact that the second law of thermodynamics denies molecules to man evolution; more can be found out on the following site: http://www.christiananswers.net/q-eden/edn-thermodynamics.html    As you can see, the evidence fits perfectly with what the Bible says about our origins. The interpretation of the evidence makes much more sense when interpreted in the Biblical creationary model.  The section http://answersingenesis.org/home/area/faq/science.asp might help clear up what I have been saying about the nature of science and why evolution is not science. I trust that you will at least look over a few articles there, I don't really care if you believe it or not, just have a look.
joebrummer:  All of your evidence came from a christian website. Could you have showed us anything more baised. Couldn't you fine something from National Geographic or anything non-biased. Of course all this stuff points to the bible. That is exaclt what these scientists are trying to do. Buy as usual creationist use info that discounts evolution rather than proving creationism. All of these articles spend more time talking about how evolution is not the way the world was started, and spend little time talking about how creationism was the way.  And you say that national geographic isn't biased towards evolutionism? ROTFLOL! That is the most stupidest thing I have ever heard. As I have explained in the simplest way possible, the evidence does not speak for itself! It must be interpreted by people with starting beliefs, such as naturalism or Christianity. If you already believe that everything was made by natural processes, then you will - after looking at the evidence - come to that conclusion. Similarly, Christian Creationists will also come to the conclusion that the Bible is true and that the universe was created by God as is described in Genesis. So in answer to the original question, the evidence for creation is the same evidence for evolutionism, just different interpretations of it.  Because evolution is the total opposite of Biblical creation, if evolutionism is false, then the world is young, things don't evolve (and hence, stay true to their kind), then creation must be true. For instance, the Bible says that the Earth was formed before the Sun and stars, while evolutionism says that the Sun and stars were formed before the Earth.   THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A "NEUTRAL PERSON" OR AN "UNBIASED" PERSON (not yelling, just making a point). Everyone has their bias, for example, when evolutionists bring up "Talk Origins", as pandion did in the previous post, he/she is looking at an evolutionarly biased site. Talk Origins is reknown for concealing the truth in order to save their BELIEF in evolutionism, e.g. the fact that there is no observed 3rd stage SNR in the universe.  The evidence that AiG has brought up in their articles, an evolutionist could say the opposite not because AiG are wrong, but because they have different interpretations of the evidence to the evolutionist.
pandion:  Here is a site that Dr Wieland defends his article from a skeptic like yourself that you may be interested in reading:  http://www.answersingenesis.org/docs2002/0325RBCs.asp
Creationists get asked questions and they refuse to answer them. This means they have lost the debate.  What you really mean is - Creationists don't answer the way you'd like them to. The fact is they usually get bored with presenting good evidence, only to have die hard evolutionists refuse to acknowledge the good science behind their claims. That's what seperates evolutionists from real scientists.
there seems to be an alleged lack of substantial evidence provided by the creationist to support their views is what I'm gathering from the other side......come to my thread and post your questions then.......hope I can answer them........
It's not that only Creationists give proofs and answers to questions to show that their believes and theories are right. Throughout history there have been a lot different scientists and evolutionists that have shown enough evidence to state that the theory of Evolution is true. It is not that Evolutionists are stubborn and don't want to believe in Divine Creation, it is that many Creationists don't want to face that their believes might not be true.  The whole war about Evolution und Creation is just a fight between scientists and theologists who try to make other people believe what is right. The truth is that no one knows what is right, but there is a lot more proof for Evolution than for Divine Creation. Everyone just wants to be right, no one wants to be the one that is wrong.  Because of that the fight between Evolution and Divine Creation will go on forever, because the people don't want to be wrong.  Many Christians often say that the proofs for Evolution is very doubtful...  hmmm... but isn't the "Word of God" in the bible doubtful, too? I mean, it is just a book that is over 2000 years old. Throughout history there have been many people who tried to manipulate the basics of church. There is no real and definite proof that the words in the bible are the complete truth and that's why there is no real proof for Creationism.  So people should stop fighting about whether to teach Evolution in school or not. Modern medicine and science is mostly completely based on Evolution. If there wouldn't be any teaching of Evolution in school, the science wouldn't come very far in future.  The theory of Evolution in science, just like many other theories in biology (germs and viruses, DNA, ...), are mostly proven and approved. These theories are used and often said to be true.  So in my opinion the supporters of Divine Creation should stop to doubt every little issue that doesn't fit their beliefs...   Sincerely,  evident  Can we get an unbiased point of view? The bible is not just a book. It is the infallible word of God. And I would like to know what proof there is for evolution?
It's not that only Creationists give proofs and answers to questions to show that their believes and theories are right. Throughout history there have been a lot different scientists and evolutionists that have shown enough evidence to state that the theory of Evolution is true. It is not that Evolutionists are stubborn and don't want to believe in Divine Creation, it is that many Creationists don't want to face that their believes might not be true.  Your basically telling Creationist their belief is wrong and your's is right. I've no doubt there is some evolutionary process going on in the world today. However proof of that process is not absolute proof that is how all life began though many scientist would like to claim it is.  The whole war about Evolution und Creation is just a fight between scientists and theologists who try to make other people believe what is right. The truth is that no one knows what is right, but there is a lot more proof for Evolution than for Divine Creation. Everyone just wants to be right, no one wants to be the one that is wrong.  I agree that no one knows for sure who is right, but just because there's no physical proof of something doesn't mean it didn't happen. Criminal's get put away without actual proof of a crime all the time. It isn't Creationist want to be right, they just want some credence given to thier views.   Many Christians often say that the proofs for Evolution is very doubtful...hmmm... but isn't the "Word of God" in the bible doubtful, too? I mean, it is just a book that is over 2000 years old. Throughout history there have been many people who tried to manipulate the basics of church. There is no real and definite proof that the words in the bible are the complete truth and that's why there is no real proof for Creationism.  Just because the bible is over 2000 years old doesn't make it unreliable, I mean your placing all your money on a billion year old one cell organism. You don't have any absolute proof and neither do I.  So people should stop fighting about whether to teach Evolution in school or not. Modern medicine and science is mostly completely based on Evolution. If there wouldn't be any teaching of Evolution in school, the science wouldn't come very far in future.  I have no problem with evolution being taught in school as long as it is not taught as being absolute.  The theory of Evolution in science, just like many other theories in biology (germs and viruses, DNA, ...), are mostly proven and approved. These theories are used and often said to be true.  Who did the approving?  So in my opinion the supporters of Divine Creation should stop to doubt every little issue that doesn't fit their beliefs...  We do.
Their beliefs are fanciful. We might as well give credence to Murray the mystical Eeel as having created the earth and the universe. It's unparsimonious. You don't need absolute proof for something to be valid. There is no credible proof for creationism, and evolution is the ONLY other viable, parsimonious explanation.  Just because you don't hold the same beliefs as we do, does not invalidate our belief. I feel sorry for you if all you have to believe in is a small petri dish of algae. You do need absolute proof if your going claim it as the only  possible way of creation.    Argumentum Ad Ignorantum. NO one cares that there's no physical evidence. No testable, falsifiable evidence or predictions means that there's no reason to believe in your magic deity, therefore, we don't. The evidence that IS testable, in the bible, is unrealiable and inaccurate. Many "mechanisms" and predictions are wrong.  Your referring to views that oppose your own as ignorant or stupid is becoming a bit passe and is really immature. Not all things in life can be explained by science sometimes you have to be open to other possibilities.   The fact that it's ancient literature written by people with hardly an education, no scientific credentials, no scientific method and the fact that it's WRONG in many places and COMPLETELY INSANE in it's logic and contradictions make it a bad source.  There were some very educated men back then like the Apostle Paul. We didn't have Cutlery Schools back then and that didn't prevent people from cooking. Just because you lack the understanding to understand our views doesn't make them insane.   It's not being taught as absolute. It's being taught as a VALID scientific theory.  Not according to the reports I've read. If it wasn't being taught as absolute then there wouldn't be all these law suits going on.
But at least Evolutionist can give physical proofs for their beliefs. It is right that nothing is completely sure and clear, but Evolutionists and Scientists have shown a lot more evidence that shows that Evolution is right, Creationists just can't show enough... (my opinion)  And it's right that most stuff Evolutionists are dealing with are millions of years old, but it still all makes more sense than some stuff in the bible...  There is no complete proof for any of the theories, but Evolution just gives more evidence... And if Creationists just want some credit for their beliefs and work, they shouldn't want evolution to be deleted vom Education. No one knows what is right but right now the theories of Evolution just shows more evidence and is widely accepted and used...  I hear what your saying, but physical proof isn't always what it's cracked up to be. What you think you see may just be a trick of the eye. Just because something is popular and is used more often doesn't necessarily mean it's the best choice, it may only mean it's the easiest. The Bible makes perfect sense to those open enough to understand it.
Oh. The good old 'spiritual discerning card'. The same thing can be said for the Vedas, which is a far far older religious book.  You might want to reject physical proof for a book written by bronze age nomads, but spare me your conclusions.  I don't believe I mentioned anything about spiritual discernment. I would like to know are people being persecuted and killed for believing the Vedas. If you don't like my conclusions then don't read them.
What I was trying to show in the last posts was that nothing is sure, all is doubtful, there is no real proof for anything...  Everyone should be open-minded to another point of view and not try to bring other people to change their minds and opinions.  I seriously don't care what christians believe and how hard they do, but no one should try to delete another widely accepted theory from Education...  they're both only theories... (and some schools even offer classes that talk about christian religion and Divine Creation)  I hope that was clear enough... Do you guys agree with that?   Deep inside we all know that talking more and discussing more about a topic without a solution won't bring anything because it just causes more fighting... let's just accept other people's opinions...  I just want to clarify christians are still being persecuted and killed today. www.persecution.com and www.gospelforasia.com will show you that.  I agree with the rest of what you said, you would have seen this if you had checked out all my earlier post.
Based on the discussion it actually doesn't really matter who is being persecuted and killed...  About 70 years ago it was ILLEGAL to teach Evolution in almost every state of the U.S.  And it doesn't even start there...  Throughout history, since Christianity had gained its power (medieval times and so on), many scientists and people who criticized and doubted theories of the Bible have been hunted, persecuted and even killed, just because they didn't completely believe what it says in the Bible.  So it is not just that Christians have and are still being persecuted and killed for believing in their theories... it has been the other way for a loooong, long time...  Just look at many important persons throughout history who have been persecuted be the Church itself... Galileo Galilei, Martin Luther, ...  So please don't bring up something like that...  Hey, I only brought it up because you brought it up first. You said christians were killed in the middle ages and I just wanted to point out that it was still going on. When was the last time a christian persecuted and killed anyone? :)
Hey Duo,  I wasn't trying to make a case out of it. I was just letting evident know why I brought it up. Jeez!!! emoticon_wow
The topic of this thread is "Creationists lose debate because they avoid questions." I notice that in two other threads that are currently active that you are losing badly because you are avoiding the questions. No evidence, no list, no proof. You are a perfect example that supports the topical assertion.  Like, I didn't know that! This thread has nothing to do with the other two so why bring them up in this thread. Whatever!!! What makes you think I'm losing, only in your eye's dude. There are no winners here. emoticon_frazzled
Well, thank you for admitting that you are losing. I won't expect an intelligent answer (proof, lists, or evidence) in the other threads.  I wasn't referring to losing when I said that.  Because the topic describes your conduct perfectly.  Like I said "Only in your eyes dude."  But there are losers and you and your idea of creationism are two.  Bravo, Bravo now how much of your intelligence did it take to think that one up. For such a big intellect you have a pretty closed mind. emoticon_wow
Is anyone inclined to convert to HeavenBound's religion from the strength of her arguments? I'm sure I would be willing if only she would present any sort of rational argument. What we get is whining and "I'm not ready." "Creation science" at its best!  I am not trying to convert anyone, is that what you are trying to do??? Second, I stay away from religion, only another christian might know what I mean. I will present evidence when I get back home on Tuesday, if that's to your liking sir. I didn't bring my laptop or the article I ran across by chance with me, if you must know the truth. Watch the assumptions, cuz I know your mind is running crazy with these thoughts. You know you never once asked in a unmocking manner, why I couldn't present evidence you only assumed I couldn't. emoticon_xangel
Here we go again... :-)  Okay. It's in writing. We'll all be waiting patiently until Tuesday. (Of course, nobody will be holding their breath.)  Have a good weekend! The Bootfitter  I didn't expect anyone too, so why bring it up, huh. emoticon_xangel
heavenbound:I stay away from religion, only another christian might know what I mean.   I know exactly what you mean. Anyone can label themselves as "Christian", but like the Bible says, "by their fruits, Ye shall know them." I consider myself not in a religion, but in a relationship. (Narrow is the path, and few there be that find it.)  I can agree that creationists don't debate with as much enthusiasm as evolutionists. I mean, it's like talking to a tree. Evolutionists think they know everything because "99% of biologists say so" emoticon_rolleyes I could care less how many people agree on something, it doesn't make it true. Until I see undebatable evidence from evolutionists that disproves a creator, I wont buy it.
heavenbound:   I know exactly what you mean. Anyone can label themselves as "Christian", but like the Bible says, "by their fruits, Ye shall know them." I consider myself not in a religion, but in a relationship. (Narrow is the path, and few there be that find it.)  I can agree that creationists don't debate with as much enthusiasm as evolutionists. I mean, it's like talking to a tree. Evolutionists think they know everything because "99% of biologists say so" emoticon_rolleyes I could care less how many people agree on something, it doesn't make it true. Until I see undebatable evidence from evolutionists that disproves a creator, I wont buy it.  I couldn't have said it better SheriG. I didn't realize evolutionist were so closed-minded when I entered this forum. :)
I couldn't have said it better SheriG. I didn't realize evolutionist were so closed-minded when I entered this forum.    Evolutionists are close minded because they won't take your primitive myths seriously??!?! You've got to be kidding! Creationists are the ones who can not look at the evidence objectively and continually use undefined magic for their unsupportable conclusions! Talk about close minded! And then they simply duck the questions they can't answer and solve all the logical problems their primitive myths have by saying "Goddidit!" Why don't the two of you show a little guts, do some research and see what reality is telling you!  All you hardball Evolutionist remind me of Spock from Star Trek, you can only think in logical terms. I always loved when Captain Kirk took the illogical action and came out the winnner, then Spock would get that quizzical look on his face because he didn't get it. See your blind unless things follow your rules, anything outside of them just can't be. :)
You know what. I would love to see you come back with anything on this subject that isn't a joke, a promise for the future, or an insult.   If you have any REAL information to provide, I will be astonished. May you astonish me. Your track record is not very good yet though.  It wasn't meant to be a joke. I mean scientist know evolution isn't 100% absolute truth, but no one on this forum is willing to admit there could be other possibilities out there. Their all locked in on this one view and nothing could possibly could challenge it, even if just an idea right now. I find that to be sad really. I thought this was a free world. :)
Ther ecan be other possibilities, but the other possibilities aren't logical, reasonable, or supported by any credible, sane fact.  You see, knowing this is the difference between rational and irrational.  Everything in life is not logical. emoticon_xangel
Ther ecan be other possibilities, but the other possibilities aren't logical, reasonable, or supported by any credible, sane fact.  You see, knowing this is the difference between rational and irrational.  See, you contradict yourself in the same sentence. All possibilities don't have to be logical. Where is it written in stone. It might appear illogical now, but turn out to lead in whole new direction. :)
So since everything isn't logical, you assume the answer is illogical? Yes there's a slim chance, but no evidence  Aren't you also going to believe that I'm an alien from Mars? Everything in life isn't logical. Why are you so closeminded? Just because there's no proof whatsoever (actually you have me so that's more than Christianity has) why don't you keep an open mind and believe I'm an alien?  You too young to understand what I'm getting at, cause your way off base. :)
This guy is retarded. There's no point trying to explain to him why it's WRONG to believe in something completely improbable. It's the fundie wall of ignorance.  These people shouldn't be allowed to breed.  Thanks, for giving me the balls. I didn't know you were trying to convert me. So, because I don't believe what you want me to I'm retarded. You know I could say the same about you, it works both ways. You see I don't want to convert you, all I'd like to see is you open your mind to other possibilities. Adios, Arrevideci
My two cents, Socialist: I think we've been duped by a troll. Ignoring trolls usually works well. If they are not trolls, then ignoring them may give them the time to focus and actually respond to some of the posts in an intelligent manner.  I'm not a "TROLL" unless of course disagreeing or believing differently from you makes me one. If so then I wear the title with pride.
Perhaps you are unaware of the connotation of the phrase, "no balls at all" among males. It means that a person lacks the moral fiber to support their assertions in the face of adversity. Given that the comments were made with the understanding that you are male, a comment that you have "no balls" is actually on the mark. If you were a male, then the reference is to the fact that you are a coward who is unwilling to support your assertions and claims.  Since you actually don't have any balls, then understand the comment to mean that you have no Christian fortitude; no moral fiber. You have demonstrated that you are unwilling (or unable) to support your assertions and claims. Instead you try to distract with your sex. I assumed that you were female from the beginning. You just seem to exude a sort of female hysteria and paranoia without any sort of logical thought. All of the above are extremely evident in female fundamentalist/evangelical christians. How sad that both are younger than evolutionary theories. The theories of evolution are about 150 years old with a major revision about 60 years ago. Creationism is about 40 years old, evolved from concept latched onto by fundamentalism about 50 years ago. Would you like a reference from a former fundamentalist christian who wrote a book? It is interesting to learn that while Christianity is about 2,000 years old, creationsim is actually less than 100 years old. In fact, the heyday of creationism began within my life.  All I meant was I am not a male. You always have to go into a rant and show everyone just how Superior you are. It's like you can't enjoy yourself unless your making someone feel less than you. But you see God told me I was just as important as you whether or not your more booksmart than me.
If people would only learn that my way is the right way, the world would be a better, more logical place. I don't want to convert you, I want you to throw away this archaic nonsense.  If everyone thought as you do, we might as well entertain the idea that we are merely stimulated brains sitting in an invisible box, trying to think ourselves into a body that doesn't exist.  Afterall, it's a remote possiblility, so we might as well think it could happen!  I thought you were ignoring me. emoticon_xangel
I am not considering your points anymore, so In a way I am. I just like making fun of them. It's entertaining. :p  Get a life.
LOL. that's funny. You're a specific reason why many people believe creationists can't debate if their lives depended on it.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAROFL!!!!!  I didn't know you had such a sense of humor. I'm tired of beating a dead horse you go on though, if that's what it takes to make you feel superior and manly. I have better things do, see ya.
1 - There is no scientific law that allows something to evolve from nothing. If there was nothing in the universe to begin with, obviously nothing could happen to cause anything to appear.   2 - No scientific law can account for non-living things' coming to life. The soil in your garden didn't turn into the trees and flowers. They came from seeds, cuttings, or grafts from other trees and flowers.  3 - There is no known scientific law that would allow one kind of creature to turn naturally into a completely different kind. Insects don't evolve into more complex non-insects for instance, because they don't have the genes to do it.
The interesting thing to me is that it is repeatedly stated that evolution is not concerned with the origin of life. However, evolutionists continuously use evolution as an argument against creation, which is concerned with the origin of life.  So, evolutionists are arguing something that they should not be arguing.  Even if you do want to make the argument, however, you have to look at the origin of life. Whether you want to admit it or not, creation is about exactly that. Creation. It all starts with God creating the heavens and the earth and Adam and Eve. We, creationists, believe that and admit that. My question is...where does your 'belief' start?  However you believe (and that is what it is...a believe system) that a person is created, you will eventually, after tracking it back come to a point where you will have to question how things came to be. Maybe you get all the way to the beginning of time and you find yourself with a molecule of some matter. The question is...where did it come from.  My point is this...at some point you will have to account for the beginning of all things. The only answer for this is some sort of supernatural event and the only good answer to that supernatural event is God. Unless you know of a better one that I have not heard before. But, I doubt it.  In God's Love
...Why do you accept the causeless when it's called "God" but not when its called the "Universe"?  There's a "crux" if there ever was one.
First of all...you are doing what evolutionists do best and that is to take things out of context. To follow is the actual definitions for supernatural. It does not mean "above nature"  1 : of or relating to an order of existence beyond the visible observable universe; especially : of or relating to God or a god, demigod, spirit, or devil 2 a : departing from what is usual or normal especially so as to appear to transcend the laws of nature b : attributed to an invisible agent (as a ghost or spirit)  What I am saying is that the beginning, which for some reason you don't think exists, happened by means that we have never seen. It happened by means that we will never explain. It is beyond you and it is certainly beyond me.  We use the term supernatural to describe something that is not natural. So...in saying that the term supernatural is simply referring to something that is natural is ridiculous. Those are antonyms. In case you wondered.
This has nothing to do with evolution and so is not a problem for evolution. If so, then tell us how the universe originated. Explain how life emerged from a bunch of atoms floating around. Explain how the elements of matter were formed from a massless space. Can't explain it, eh?   If you look from the big picture, you see that the theory of evolution is just a stupid assumption. It obviously isn't true, because the theory of evolution is in constant change. Since the universe is already here, how can the past be changed? It can't.
The theory of evolution has nothing to do with the formation of the universe, how life emerged from lifeless atoms or how the elements were formed! The typical theory of evolution does not state that we are all descendants of a fish or particular animal (in the beginning). It claims that life started from lifeless subatomic particles "billions of years ago", which evolved over time into a more advanced creature. I laugh at evolutionists. emoticon_xdonno
Typical XXXXX, laugh at people who know more than you...... emoticon_cool Glad to hear about your arrogance and stupidity. emoticon_cool  Typical clueless American brainwashed by total lies.  The Neo-Darwinian Theory: Version 2004  Part 1 All living organisms on Earth today are descended from inanimate matter.  Part 2 The processes of descent in Part 1 involved very large, but unknown, numbers of steps, mostly small.  Part 3 We do not yet know what steps led to the formation of the first self-replicating entity, but, from then on, the sole sources of novelty in Part 2 have been random, spontaneous, heritable, changes in genomes and other hereditary materials.  Part 4 Histories of descent, following these changes, involved, or depended on, one or more of the following factors: natural selection genetic drift recombination population structure population migration sexual selection transposable elements horizontal transmission neutral changes selfish DNA polyploidy developmental constraints cell organelles and any others (excluding design) that future research might reveal.
All life is made of lifeless subatomic particles. That's a fact. Yes... everything is made out of particles. Living creatures as well as all objects are made of non-living subatomic particles. What evolution fails to prove is how life evolved from lifeless bacteria with nothing else around into a tree of complex and intelligent life.
I'm starting a research paper for my Sociology class. The research is to understand, who becomes a Creationist, why, where your from etc. Your help is most appreciated. Please give basic background: Age, State of residence, Marital status, Education Level, Religious Affiliation, Occupation. What type of Creationist are you?  Hey Capt., you military? Nam-Vet Spec/5 Easyrider here....  Age 57, Texas, Divorced, Education: B.S., B.A., Th.M., Th.D., Christian (Assemblies of God), Financial Analyst, Old Earth Creationist.   What brough me to my beliefs? A profound, supernatural spiritual experience with Jesus Christ and 10+ years, intensive, in-depth studying of the Bible.   Here's a link on a related "Creationist" topic on Genesis:  http://www.leaderu.com/offices/o_helweg/eve-morn.html  And here's a real interesting archaeological discovery your class might want to hear about. God bless!  http://www.leaderu.com/theology/burialcave.html
The demographic information, as well as why, is an attempt to find a statistical thread running through the Creationist community.  Hey Captain - I took statistics and studied "methodology" in scientific studies in our Psych classes. I think one of the issues you may have with charting all this info is that your sampling will be somewhat skewed by virtue of your respondents not being a fully representative cross-section of the Christian community. What I mean is that you're probably going to miss a good number of lower income folks who aren't able to afford a computer and the internet. You're also probably going to run into a lot of "casual" Christians (and there's a ton out there) who aren't very well studied in the in-depth issues surrounding Creationism as it's presented in Genesis. And many of those folks will be both college educated and non-college educated. But when you're done, if you would, give us a brief recap. I'd be interested in seeing what you've run into.
On the other hand you have the Darwinists, anti-creationists, etc., who one could also say manufacture their own brand of science, injecting inference where none is warranted or substantiated. Some of them believe that a whole universe can spring from nothing (I think it's obvious that the universe can not be responsible for its own creation)., that life magically appeared out of swamp slime, etc. In order to believe in evolution, people have to swallow whole the unlikely concept of abiogenesis / spontaneous generation - the highly improbable and scientifically unexplainable precept that living organisms suddenly came to life in the midst of a primordial organic "soup." Dr. George Wald, a Nobel Prize-winning laureate from Harvard University, had this to say concerning spontaneous generation: "One has only to contemplate the magnitude of this task to concede that the spontaneous generation of a living organism is impossible. Yet here we are - as a result, I believe, of spontaneous generation" (Scientific American, August, 1954). That kind of a statement surely demonstrates a much greater faith than a religious creationist can possibly muster. Dr. Wald categorically states that it could not possibly have happened - yet he believes it did. A Christian who professes to so great a faith would be labeled as naive and gullible. What a difference a cloak of higher education makes to those who are so easily impressed!  Then there's the transitional fossil record which even many evolutionists disagree on. To begin with, S. M. Stanley of Johns Hopkins University tells us how important the transitional fossil record is to the theory of evolution: "It is doubtful whether, in the absence of (transitional) fossils, the idea of evolution would represent anything more than an outrageous hypothesis....the fossil record and only the fossil record provides direct evidence of major sequential changes..." (Evolutionary Timetable, 1981, page 72.). Now regarding whether or not these transitional fossils exist, Colin Patterson, Senior Paleontologist for the British Museum of Natural History remarks, "You say I should at least show a photo of a fossil from which each type of organism was derived. I will lay it on the line - there is not one such fossil for which we can make a watertight argument" (Harper's, Feb. 1984, page 56). Niles Elidridge of Columbia University and a former paleontologist with the American Museum of Natural History categorically states, "Darwin prophesied that future generations of paleontologists would fill in these (transitional fossil) gaps by diligent research....One hundred and twenty years of paleontological research later, it has become abundantly clear that the fossil record will not confirm this part of Darwin's predictions....The fossil record simply shows that this prediction was wrong" (The Myths of Human Evolution, pages 45-46). Professor D. B. Kitts from the University of Oklahoma echoes what Elidredge said when he states, "Despite the bright promise that paleontology provides a means of 'seeing' evolution, it has presented some rather nasty difficulties for evolutionists, the most notorious of which is the presence of 'gaps' in the fossil record. Evolution requires intermediate forms between species, and paleontology does not provide them" (Evolution, Vol. 28, page 467). They shouldn't confuse macro evolution with micro evolution. And so it goes....
Along with all that, many of the top evolutionary scientists have summarily given up on supporting the theory of evolution by virtue of the transitional fossil record, and they have graduated to new models of evolution known as "Punctuated Equilibrium" or "Special Creation," which may not require transitional fossils as supporting evidence. To this, Colin Patterson of the British Museum of Natural History concludes, "Well, it seems to me that they have accepted that the fossil record doesn't give them the support they would value so they had to search around for another model....When they haven't got the evidence they need to support their theory, they come up with another theory to explain their lack of evidence" (Quoted in Darwin's Enigma, p. 100).   Then on to the next "problem child" of evolution - "Natural Selection" - as a means of generating new species. The assumption of Natural Selection is that since only the strongest and "most fit" species survive to father the next generation, the species will gradually improve, even to the point of advancing into other more "highly" developed states on the evolutionary scale. Darwin looked upon natural selection as the most important factor in the development of his theory. Another evolutionist by the name of Sir Julian Huxley said, "So far as we know....natural selection is the only effective agency of evolution" (Evolution in Action, p. 36). Huxley goes on to state, "On the basis of our present knowledge natural selection is bound to produce genetic adaptations; and genetic adaptations are thus presumptive evidence for the efficacy of natural selection." Did you catch that gem of twisted logic? Huxley's proof for natural selection is genetic adaptations within the species, but these genetic adaptations are at the same time the result of natural selection. So which is it? Does natural selection give rise to genetic adaptation, or does genetic adaptation give rise to natural selection? Huxley contends that both of these things are true at the same time! Surely this is one of the most vacuous examples of circular reasoning to ever be perpetrated in the name of science. Huxley continues with his defense of natural selection by saying, "....(natural selection) operates with the aid of time to produce improvements in the machinery of life, and in the process generates results of a more than astronomical improbability which could have been achieved in no other way" (Evolution in Action, p. 54-55). Don't miss the force of that last statement. Huxley states that the odds of natural selection occurring are "astronomically improbable," but because Huxley sees no other way for it to have occurred, he believes in the astronomically improbable! Huxley even calculated the odds of natural selection occurring in nature as 1 over 10 followed by three million zeros ("Evolution in Action," page 46). Now listen to what another evolutionist says regarding natural selection: Dr. Ernst Mayr, considered to be one of the heavyweights in the field of evolution, contends that, "Natural Selection is no longer regarded as an all-or-none process, but rather as a purely statistical concept" (Animal Species, p. 7). It is statistical because there is a lack of physical evidence to support it! And G. G. Simpson, another highly regarded interpreter of evolutionary theory, remarks, "It might be argued that the theory is quite unsubstantiated and has status only as a speculation" (Major Features, p. 118-119). Natural selection may indeed produce stronger and more viable species, but they always remain the same species.
Finally, on to genetic mutations - Professor Ernst Mayr stated, "(Genetic) mutation is the ultimate source of all genetic variation found in natural populations, and the only raw material for natural selection to work on" (Evolution, p. 170). Well, to begin with, virtually all scientists agree that genetic mutations are very rare. Secondly, when they do occur, they are almost certain to be harmful or deadly to the organism. Huxley admits that, "The great majority of mutant genes are harmful in their effect on the organism." Other scientists, including Darwin himself, conceded that most mutants are recessive and degenerative - they would therefore be more likely to cause the death or extinction of the species than to cause the emergence of a new species. Professor G.G. Simpson, one of the top spokesmen for evolution, reports that the mathematical likelihood of getting good evolutionary results through mutations would only tend to occur once every 274 billion years. And that would be assuming 100 million individuals reproducing a new generation every day. Simpson concludes by saying that, "Obviously...such a process has played no part whatever in evolution" (The Major Features of Evolution, p. 96). Evolutionists say that genetic mutations are necessary to make the changes required by their theory, yet when they do the calculations they confess that it is scientifically improbable for multiple mutations to effect the required changes that are needed.   So what we've seen in the last few posts is that there is a highly charged debate going on between evolutionists which pose serious problems in their own community and with their own theories.
trebor, if you look at post 2, youll see where easy states hes an oec  personally, (to answer russ' poll) i started off as a YEC in my young days, as that is the standard teaching within the pentecostal religion. this goes along with the doctrine that the bible is inerrant and absolute and 100% the word of God, as well as 100% fact. so you'd just read the bible, and take what it says at face value. the thing is, in religion there is no need (and as a child, no means) to objectively and rationally look deeply at what youre being taught. if moms says thats what it is, then thats what it is.  when i grew a little older and started to understand that the earth is actually billions of years old (based on numerous instances of scientific evidence) i realized that an old planet was not contrary to what i had been taught in church, or what the bible says ("in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth" - implying that the earth was around for some time before creation day 1). so you'd classify me as an OEC  now that i understand the context of the bible, new popular doctrines about genesis, and an expanded understanding of evolution, i realise that there really was no creation as described by the bible. since creation is also the foundation for christianity, there was no compulsion for me to defend it if it was based on a false foundation (but thats another story)  for the record, put me down under OEC, since that was my category for the majority of my life
It does seem that he is an evolution denier.. he stated plainly and openly that he is an old earth creationist. you cant be an oec and accept evolution as true. it was abundantly clear to me
Here is a nice example of what is apparently either an OEC or a YEC. If you notice, his three large posts consist of a series of cut/pastes job.  Funny man. You find what I wrote word-for-word in any website and you get a French date (or a San Francisco date) - your choice.  He uses poor resources, misquotes and quote mining. If you look in his attempts at theology , he uses the same techniques there.  More folly. Christ resurrected as Lord and Savior is the backbone of virtually every mainstream church in America. Why don't you just admit you're an anti-Christian bigot and be done with it?  If you can't make sense, try to dazzle them with b.s., and overwhelming them with verbosity that means nothing.  <flush<
There's nothing I know of that precludes God from having created various species and then, after that, having micro or even macro evolution. I guess the secular evolutionists don't want to consider that one, though.
Yo, Trebor - It's "Missing Link" time for you!!  Please identify / name the specific hominid man allegedly "evolved" from, and provide your genetic DNA evidence.
Most Christian Churches don't go around saying that 'The Jewish people rejected their savior', and make quotes about burning in hell.  Only some of the Jewish folks rejected Christ. Many received him. And if you think hell or whatever you / and or the Jewish people want to call it isn't a big part of the Jewish Tenakh then you're dreaming.  "Multitudes who sleep in the dust of the earth will awake: some to everlasting life, others to shame and everlasting contempt. - Daniel 12:2  That make you an antisemetic bigot.  Uh huh... If the following were found in the New Testament (instead of the Old), the cries of anti-semitism would be deafening.  Exodus 32:9 - "I have seen these people," the LORD said to Moses, "and they are a stiff-necked people.  Exodus 33:3- Go up to the land flowing with milk and honey. But I will not go with you, because you are a stiff-necked people and I might destroy you on the way."    Exodus 33:5 - For the LORD had said to Moses, "Tell the Israelites, 'You are a stiff-necked people.  If I were to go with you even for a moment, I might destroy you.  "When you spread out your hands in prayer, I will hide my eyes from you; even if you offer many prayers, I will not listen. Your hands are full of blood." Isaiah 1:15  "For your hands are stained with blood, your fingers with guilt. Your lips have spoken lies, and your tongue mutters wicked things." Isaiah 59:3  "For they have committed adultery and blood is on their hands. They committed adultery with their idols; they even sacrificed their children, whom they bore to me." Ezekiel 23:37    They shed innocent blood, the blood of their sons and daughters, whom they sacrificed to the idols of Canaan, and the land was desecrated by their blood. Psalm 106:38  "Their feet rush into sin; they are swift to shed innocent blood. Their thoughts are evil thoughts; ruin and destruction mark their ways. " Isaiah 59:7  "For they have forsaken me and made this a place of foreign gods; they have burned sacrifices in it to gods that neither they nor their fathers nor the kings of Judah ever knew, and they have filled this place with the blood of the innocent. " Jeremiah 19:4  "Be assured, however, that if you put me to death, you will bring the guilt of innocent blood on yourselves and on this city and on those who live in it, for in truth the LORD has sent me to you to speak all these words in your hearing." Jeremiah 26:15  So I guess that makes me, Moses, Jeremiah, Isaiah, and Ezekiel, etc., all anti-semitic bigots too, according to your twisted logic. ROTFLOL!!!
I can well believe Orion saying that you used a source that said the Rabbi's condoned pedaphilia, and denied the holocaust.  Did you go to college, Trebor? You might want to look up how "pedophilia" is spelled. LOL!! Then you can go have a beer with Orion and watch his head swivel.
Exodus 32:9 - "I have seen these people," the LORD said to Moses, "and they are a stiff-necked people.  Exodus 33:3- Go up to the land flowing with milk and honey. But I will not go with you, because you are a stiff-necked people and I might destroy you on the way."   Exodus 33:5 - For the LORD had said to Moses, "Tell the Israelites, 'You are a stiff-necked people. If I were to go with you even for a moment, I might destroy you.  "When you spread out your hands in prayer, I will hide my eyes from you; even if you offer many prayers, I will not listen. Your hands are full of blood." Isaiah 1:15  You know, you really should do something that would probably be unique for you. How about reading things in CONTEXT.. oh, by the way, use a good translation too.  Get real, Trebor. Everyone knows God got all over the rebellious Israelites in the Torah. And in Isaiah, and in Jeremiah, and in Judges, etc., etc. Maybe you'd prefer to write your own politically-correct, revisionist Bible some day?   "THE WORD ACCORDING TO TREBOR" - lol!   p.s. I don't think it will sell except as perhaps a comic book.
Trebor, It's all a crock of spin-cycle horse-dung. Orion can't even tell us who his so-called "god" is, or where he lives, if he's straight or gay, or anything else constructive about that (because he can't document it or let it be exposed to vetting and analysis) so he's left with bashing Biblical Christianity and anyone who defends it. He even linked people to a website that used vulgar language in describing the Virgin Mary's private parts. So I could care less about what Orion says.
Evolutionary biology does not recognize the concept of a "missing link". There is no "missing link", EZ. Instead, there exists a fossil record of hominid remains demonstrating the evolutionary path of Homo sapiens.  How convenient for you. Inferring an "evolutionary path" of hominids to Homo Sapiens, but still unable, after two centuries of Darwinism and studying virtually every hominid fossil known to man, to identify EVEN ONE direct-line ancestor to man, much less provide any credible genetic DNA evidence to back up your claims. When you boys can offer up your missing link you might gain some credibility around these parts.  And you and your plebe Trebor can go to Germany any time you'd like to see the reality of the Holocaust. You can even go around this country to various abortion mills, etc. and look at the dismembered bodies of the innocent unborn you bleeding-heart liberals are responsible for, to see the untold millions of victims of YOUR HOLOCAUST (40+ million so far).  Like I said previously, you can't even tell us who your so-called "god" is, or where he lives, if he's straight or gay, or anything else constructive about that, because you can't document it or let it be exposed to vetting and analysis. So you're left with bashing Biblical Christianity and anyone who defends it. You even linked people to a website that used vulgar language in describing the Virgin Mary's private parts, amongst other totally classless things. And don't forget to chant "gay jesus" for us like you commonly do elsewhere to rile up the masses.
Go tell it to someone who values your opinions on all that, Trebor.
Hey Trebor,  You might want see what's in store for people without Christ (see link below), according to the Bible. As long as you and Orion and company want to bash Christ, the Bible, and be your own gods, you might as well be cognizant of the consequences.  Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God  http://www.jonathanedwards.com/sermons/Warnings/sinners.htm  (following from the link)  It is no security to wicked men for one moment, that there are no visible means of death at hand. It is no security to a natural man, that he is now in health, and that he does not see which way he should now immediately go out of the world by any accident, and that there is no visible danger in any respect in his circumstances. The manifold and continual experience of the world in all ages, shows this is no evidence, that a man is not on the very brink of eternity, and that the next step will not be into another world. The unseen, unthought-of ways and means of persons going suddenly out of the world are innumerable and inconceivable. Unconverted men walk over the pit of hell on a rotten covering, and there are innumerable places in this covering so weak that they will not bear their weight, and these places are not seen. The arrows of death fly unseen at noon-day; the sharpest sight cannot discern them. God has so many different unsearchable ways of taking wicked men out of the world and sending them to hell, that there is nothing to make it appear, that God had need to be at the expense of a miracle, or go out of the ordinary course of his providence, to destroy any wicked man, at any moment. All the means that there are of sinners going out of the world, are so in God's hands, and so universally and absolutely subject to his power and determination, that it does not depend at all the less on the mere will of God, whether sinners shall at any moment go to hell, than if means were never made use of, or at all concerned in the case. (end)  Of course, there is another way, through Christ, so that you do not suffer this horrendous fate. Let it not be said you weren't made aware of these things. Orion is not your friend on this issue, for he will lead you away from salvation in Christ. I am the one trying to save you from the Pit. Learn who your real friends are.
EZ, you can't claim to be someone's friend while at the same time insulting their intelligence or threatening them with eternal fire and brimstone. Such tactics may be effective with children, but children eventually mature and learn to think for themselves.  Even Jesus warned people to turn from their unbelief and rebellion against God (or else), and I don't think you can effectively argue he wasn't looking out for people's best interests. Orion, your brand of "friendship" and "love" seeks to turn people away from salvation in Christ, in effect sending people to perdition. With friends like you who needs enemies?   Christianity, especially your particular version, is not right for everyone.  "My version"? Try reading Acts 4:12, John 3:36, John 14:6, etc. to find out what the real "version" is.  Retired Episcopal Bishop John Shelby Spong (I've read four of his books) states that, although he's comfortable with Christianity, he nevertheless sees holiness in Jews, Muslims, and Hindus.  The liberal "Bishop" Spong's "version" of Christianity is a farce and a disaster. He denies the virgin birth of Christ, his miracles, his atoning sacrifice for sins at Calvary, his deity, the deity of the Holy Spirit, Christ's resurrection, and many other Biblical truths. For more on the charlatan Bishop Spong's follies you can review the following link:  What's Wrong With Bishop Spong?  http://www.answersingenesis.org/docs/1119.asp
Thanks for the information concerning your school of Creationism. Can you add some biographical data as well. here is a very brief biography. other than that, anything more specific just ask :)
Hey Waxy, some people come to Christ out of love, and some out of fear of going to hell. Only God knows which is which. That's why good preachers give both sides of the issues. And that's why "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God" started a great revival. So if you just want to gush the love part that's fine, but just remember that Jesus also rebuked the insolent and ungodly, as did Paul, as did Stephen, as did the prophets and others also.   As for Orion and his ilk, he's been bashing Christ and the Bible for the five + years I've known him, and any rebuke he gets is more than warranted.
Hey Waxy, some people come to Christ out of love, and some out of fear of going to hell. Only God knows which is which. That's why good preachers give both sides of the issues. And that's why "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God" started a great revival. So if you just want to gush the love part that's fine, but just remember that Jesus also rebuked the insolent and ungodly, as did Paul, as did Stephen, as did the prophets and others also.   As for Orion and his ilk, he's been bashing Christ and the Bible for the five + years I've known him, and any rebuke he gets is more than warranted.  EZ: You leave out WHO it was that was rebuked. Jesus did not rebuke the woman at the well, he told her the truth and had mercy on her. He did not rebuke the woman caught in adultery, nor the tax gatherers, nor any of the "sinners" of that society. He rebuked those that preached a God that was not true to the nature of the God. "Woe to you Pharisees and keepers of the law...."  You best take a look at WHO! It is you that needs the rebuke, not these. For them, God shows compassion and love. For those who take the "holier than thou" attitude he has rebuke. Remember the story of the priest and the tax gatherer. The priest prayed "Thank you God that I am not like that tax gatherer, that I give my money..." Yadda Yadda Yadda. The tax Gatherer said "God have mercy on me a sinner." Repenting of one's sin comes from wooing of the holy spirit, not the rebuke and fear that you sow. Note I say sin and not sins. It is the nature that we turn from in order to receive a new nature. Without the redemptive act of God, no one has the power to turn from their sin. You and I and others who name the name of christ are just blind squirrels that got an acorn. We are no better than any other. I pray tht they come to know Christ, but Christ died on the cross so that they COULD deny him if they wanted. God want's lovers, not obligated individuals. He wants obedience to Him, not compliance in fear.  Psalms says he does not desire sacrifice, but a broken spirit and a contrite heart. Look to your own soul. You exude arrogance in your statements.
EZ: You leave out WHO it was that was rebuked. Jesus did not rebuke the woman at the well, he told her the truth and had mercy on her. He did not rebuke the woman caught in adultery, nor the tax gatherers, nor any of the "sinners" of that society. He rebuked those that preached a God that was not true to the nature of the God. "Woe to you Pharisees and keepers of the law...."  You best take a look at WHO! It is you that needs the rebuke, not these. For them, God shows compassion and love. For those who take the "holier than thou" attitude he has rebuke. Remember the story of the priest and the tax gatherer. The priest prayed "Thank you God that I am not like that tax gatherer, that I give my money..." Yadda Yadda Yadda. The tax Gatherer said "God have mercy on me a sinner." Repenting of one's sin comes from wooing of the holy spirit, not the rebuke and fear that you sow. Note I say sin and not sins. It is the nature that we turn from in order to receive a new nature. Without the redemptive act of God, no one has the power to turn from their sin. You and I and others who name the name of christ are just blind squirrels that got an acorn. We are no better than any other. I pray tht they come to know Christ, but Christ died on the cross so that they COULD deny him if they wanted. God want's lovers, not obligated individuals. He wants obedience to Him, not compliance in fear.  Psalms says he does not desire sacrifice, but a broken spirit and a contrite heart. Look to your own soul. You exude arrogance in your statements. So true, EF.  Even Michael, the archangel, in contending with Satan when he disputed about the body of Moses dared not bring against him reviling accusation, but said, "The Lord rebuke you!" (Jude 9)  When we "Let Go and Let God" that means everything.
epaphras faith,  You know, an English preacher by the name of Smith Wigglesworth once said, "If you leave people as you found them, God is not speaking through you. If you are not making people either mad or glad, there is something wrong with your ministry. If there's not a war going on, you're not doing your job."  Another commentator, a guy by the name of Arthur Wallis, speaking on the Apostolic style of preaching that we see in the Book of Acts, said, "Such preaching makes indifference to the word of God impossible - it sets the hearers into one of two camps. It's calculated to either produce a revival or a riot."  Whether we like it or not, God's people are sometimes called on to "rock the boat." We are not called out to appease a lost and sinful society, but to give them the Word of God. You have to remember that, generally speaking, the world hated Jesus. He often made people feel uncomfortable. Like the prophets before him, He exposed sin and rebuked unrighteousness. He wouldn't compromise the word of God to make friends with the world. He was looked upon as a radical; he was accused of having demons, and he was rejected by his own people and nailed to the cross.   Why didn't the world receive Jesus? Because he often preached a confrontational message. And what is a confrontational message? It's a message that preaches Jesus Christ, exposes sin, superficial faith, and lets people know that unless they have Christ as their savior they're lost. It's a message that in many ways is in conflict with worldly thinking.  Now, how many times have we prayed for the Holy Spirit to bring conviction into the hearts of the people? You want to know something very fundamental? Unless the Holy Spirit brings people into conviction for the things they've done in their lives, they will have absolutely no reason to think that they need a savior. Without conviction of sin there is no conversion, and without conversion the cross of Christ makes no sense at all.   Why was John the Baptist beheaded? Was he a reed swayed by the breeze of political correctness? Was John one of those guys who wanted everyone to be his buddy? Was he someone who sought after his own well being and personal enhancement? John the Baptist spoke out strongly against the corrupt pharisees and leaders of his day. He went after King Herod and reminded him he was living in sin for taking his brother's wife and making her his own. He wasn't playing the world's game and looking out for his own welfare. He was preaching the word of God, trying to turn someone to repentance and salvation, and for that he was labeled a troublemaker and eventually put to death. Why was Paul persecuted? Why was James put to death with the sword? Why were the prophets and the apostles martyred? They preached the word of God and gospel of Jesus Christ, including heaven and hell. And Noah preached for some eighty years, but only eight people got on that ark. They were God's little troublemakers, so to speak. At least that's the way the world looked at them.  So if I rebuked two people in this forum - Trebor and Orion - both of whom have a clear, anti-Christian agenda replete with personal attacks, don't think I like it or that's what I'm all about. Nor am I self-righteous, for Christ is my Savior for the remission of my sins. The self-righteous ones are those who think they don't need Christ. Like I said before, some people come to Christ out of love and some come to him rebuked and fearful of going to hell. You and I are not privy to knowing which is which, so you do it your way and I'll do it my way. And if telling people about hell is offensive, so be it. In the meantime, I commend your faith in Christ and look forward to watching you win souls and defend the Word of God your way.
You leave out WHO it was that was rebuked. Jesus did not rebuke the woman at the well, he told her the truth and had mercy on her. He did not rebuke the woman caught in adultery, nor the tax gatherers, nor any of the "sinners" of that society. He rebuked those that preached a God that was not true to the nature of the God. "Woe to you Pharisees and keepers of the law...."You best take a look at WHO!  In all fairness you may be forgetting some. Did Jesus not rebuke Peter? Did he not rebuke regular (non-pharisee) Jews in John 8:31-47, telling them they were of their father the devil for not believing him? Did he not rebuke even the churches in Revelation chapters 2 and 3? Did he not say that he would cast Jezebel on a bed of suffering for her immorality in Revelation 2:21-22? Did Jesus not tell people in the Gospel of John that unless they believed he was who he claimed to be that "you will indeed die in your sins"? How about Paul? Didn't he say, "Expel the wicked man from amongst you"? Did the prophets not rebuke the sinful people of Israel when they were bad? Did Nathan not confront David for his murder and adultery? I could probably get you dozens of more examples from both the Old and New Testaments of similar occurrences. Such examples were not part of your statement to me above, though I do understand the greater part of what you were trying to say.   There was once this one guy (true story) who, with his wife, heard a blazing sermon on hell, and didn't go up to the altar to receive Christ afterwards. The next week he heard a different preacher give a similar sermon, after which he went and confessed Christ. His wife asked him why he didn't do that the previous week. He said (paraphrasing), "I knew what the first preacher was saying was right, but I didn't like his delivery or tone." The point is that the seed was planted the week before. So maybe I can be the "villian" here and you can be the "clean-up man". You never know what's going to take or how long, and it may take months or even years. God bless!
Trebor, if you don't believe what Jesus Christ said in the Bible, you probably won't believe anyone else, either, including the other Christians in this forum, no matter how nice they are.   I presented you with one of the all-time greatest revival sermons ever, and you didn't bat an eye over it. It reminds me of the following passage:  Matthew 11:16 - "To what can I compare this generation? They are like children sitting in the marketplaces and calling out to others: 17 " 'We played the flute for you, and you did not dance; we sang a dirge and you did not mourn.' 18 For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, 'He has a demon.' 19 The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and they say, 'Here is a glutton and a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and "sinners." '   So no matter what is presented to you or how, I doubt seriously your heart is in the right place to receive it.
The issue is not whether or not one is 'nice'. Rather, the issue is one's ability to engage in civil discourse.  Civil by who's standards, God's or the secular world? Would you be offended by a major or minor prophet or Apostle of God preaching Jesus Christ or eternal damnation? I think you would, and you've shown that you were. I also think it's obvious that Stephen in Acts 7 told it like it was, and he got stoned to death for it. The Bible says the message of Christ is offensive to the carnal mind, so if you're offended that's yours to deal with.   The issue is one's willingness to understand and respect the other person's POV. And on these counts, EZ, you fail miserably. I've interacted with you for over five years across several Internet fora only to see you alienate people time after time. Your message, itself, is not very convincing (at least in my opinion), but when you combine it with an aggressive, combative delivery, the results are quite predictable.  See my remarks above. The fact remains that you have attacked EVERY Biblically-based Christian I've ever seen you engage in any lengthy "civil discourse", in numerous forums over the years. It's like Stephen asked the Pharisees in Acts chapter 7: "Was there ever a prophet your fathers did not persecute?"   You posted a cut&paste hellfire sermon. What kind of response were you expecting?  Certainly not the secular kind. Had you been in that church that day with Jonathan Edwards, you would have seen one heck of a lot of people under conviction for their sins, weeping, and coming to the altar for confession and forgiveness. That might be something to shoot for, Orion.
Orion, when you chant, "gay jesus", as you have, and disparage Christ and his believers, as you also have, that's not civil discourse. And I'm here to defend my Savior from such things. But I do grant you and those who believe as you do, your say, as I have for over five years now, and I suppose we will have our horns locked until such time as we run out of forums or one of us dies. Until then and beyond, Christ rules.
You can be, if you accept Theistic Evolution.. (T.E). I don't buy that arguement either, but it does show you can. theistic evolution is pretty unbiblical. its like unbiblical christianity. apparently it works for some, but i've found out that to subscribe to TE you must embrace the irrational and deliberately avoid thinking about what you believe in. but thats another debate entirely
And I always though to accept 'creationism' in any form with the vast amount of evidence against YEC, and the so called 'special creation' to be irrational and deliberately avoiding thinking. thats also correct. however, creationism within itself logically supports christianity. evolutionism, while it is supported by scientific evidence, does not support christianity. therefore christianity is either supported by a false foundation or no foundation.  yet for many, christianity cannot be rejected, because it has such a high sentimental value that scientific truth cannot replace. because of this, it is more pallatable for people to deny logic and maintain their religion  believe it or not, many christians are so seated in irrationality, that they have a borderline fear of education. i have personally met some that are reluctant about sending their kids to college for fear that they "lose their faith" by being exposed to higher learning. as saddening as it is, i'm sure even christians on this forum will testify to at least one episode like this
In all fairness you may be forgetting some. Did Jesus not rebuke Peter? Did he not rebuke regular (non-pharisee) Jews in John 8:31-47, telling them they were of their father the devil for not believing him? Did he not rebuke even the churches in Revelation chapters 2 and 3? Did he not say that he would cast Jezebel on a bed of suffering for her immorality in Revelation 2:21-22? Did Jesus not tell people in the Gospel of John that unless they believed he was who he claimed to be that "you will indeed die in your sins"? How about Paul? Didn't he say, "Expel the wicked man from amongst you"? Did the prophets not rebuke the sinful people of Israel when they were bad? Did Nathan not confront David for his murder and adultery? I could probably get you dozens of more examples from both the Old and New Testaments of similar occurrences. Such examples were not part of your statement to me above, though I do understand the greater part of what you were trying to say.   There was once this one guy (true story) who, with his wife, heard a blazing sermon on hell, and didn't go up to the altar to receive Christ afterwards. The next week he heard a different preacher give a similar sermon, after which he went and confessed Christ. His wife asked him why he didn't do that the previous week. He said (paraphrasing), "I knew what the first preacher was saying was right, but I didn't like his delivery or tone." The point is that the seed was planted the week before. So maybe I can be the "villian" here and you can be the "clean-up man". You never know what's going to take or how long, and it may take months or even years. God bless!  The problem here is that these people you mention, are believers. Peter, The churches etc. They are not the non believers. Jesus only rebuked those religious leaders of the time.   The message of God announcing forgiveness in advance is what the world cannot accept. You make it so the world doesn't accept you because of your personality not the message of christ. Jesus never never did that.   You make our lord out to be some one who is just waiting to slam people. He is not. He is saddened for everyone that is lost. Read the parable of the prodigal son. He rejoices over even one that returns and is sad at their loss. He does not desire destruction. He hates evil, not because he hates those that commit evil, but because he hates what evil does to those that commit evil.  God is love. NO ONE has described God by saying "God is rebuke". Grow up! Read the bible and understand what God wants. You answered nothing I previously posted only tried to defend an indefensible position that you are allowed to act terribly towards others for the name of christ. It is precisely what they complain about when the talk about the crusades etc. If you want to rebuke, do so, but do not attach our Lords name to it. HE is righteous. You are only reighteous because you are a blind squirrel that got an acorn. You don't deserve it. They don't deserve it. I don't deserve it. Quit acting like if they are just good enough then they will earn it. What has been earned is death. What is given freely is the love of God and eternal life. Talk about what is to come in terms of God, not what will happen otherwise, because "seek first the kingdom of heaven and HIS righteousness, and all else will be added."
You make our lord out to be some one who is just waiting to slam people. He is not.  You obviously don't know me very well so I'll give you a pass on that for now. Fact is I preached the Gospel for five years with no pay at a homeless shelter for ex-cons, drug addicts, etc., preaching both heaven and hell, and specifically preaching the love of God through Jesus Christ for salvation (Ephesians 2:8-9, etc.). And I've led many in the sinner's prayer who have come up after my sermons. So obviously you don't know me. But you can't deny it if you are a Biblical Christian that it's either Jesus or the road to Hades. Do you agree or disagree with that (note John 3:36, John 14:6, etc.)? And do some people come to Christ out of the fear of going to hell, yes or no?   You are only reighteous because you are a blind squirrel that got an acorn. You don't deserve it. They don't deserve it. I don't deserve it. Quit acting like if they are just good enough then they will earn it. What has been earned is death. What is given freely is the love of God and eternal life.  See above.
You obviously don't know me very well so I'll give you a pass on that for now. Fact is I preached the Gospel for five years with no pay at a homeless shelter for ex-cons, drug addicts, etc., preaching both heaven and hell, and specifically preaching the love of God through Jesus Christ for salvation (Ephesians 2:8-9, etc.). And I've led many in the sinner's prayer who have come up after my sermons. So obviously you don't know me. But you can't deny it if you are a Biblical Christian that it's either Jesus or the road to Hades. Do you agree or disagree with that (note John 3:36, John 14:6, etc.)? And do some people come to Christ out of the fear of going to hell, yes or no?     See above.  You clearly do not understand the blind squirrel thing. You point to your activities like they make you righteous. You are only righteous because God declared you that way. It has nothing to do with what you do or don't do. Many many many preach the gospel and will never see heaven (sadly).  I do not know the eternal destination for anyone but me. Coming to christ out of fear........I doubt sends a person to heaven. Secondly, the sinner's prayer you mention exists no where in the bible. Praying a prayer is not what saves you. Receiving the gift that is offered does. people pray the prayer and never mean it. People pray the prayer to get brow beating preachers off their backs.   I don't care what you have done. The apostle Paul in philippians lists his qualifications for righteousness and they are far greater than yours. he also calls them rubbish. Why? "In view of the surpassing value of know Christ Jesus."  Please do not misunderstand me. You may have a heart to see people come to christ. That is wonderful. I commend you. God is merciful. He is not hateful. Please please please do not portray him that way.  The message that the world hates, is not what you say, but how you live. Can people see your secret life. Are you so well known by others that they know your sins? Or do you keep your sins hidden so as not to mar the image of christ. Live openly. Live for Him and not for your own righteousness. That is the mark of the man of God.  EF
You clearly do not understand the blind squirrel thing. You point to your activities like they make you righteous.  That's silly to think you understand God's redeeming plan of salvation and grace and somehow, after being saved and having spent over ten years in the word, somehow I missed all that. Christ is my Savior for the remission of my sins, not by works of righteousness that I have done, and he is my righteousness, as I've stated before. So please make a note of that so you don't keep making the same mistake with those kinds of charges.    Coming to christ out of fear........I doubt sends a person to heaven.  It does work with some. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, is it not? Also, what did Jesus say? "Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell." Matthew 10:28   Secondly, the sinner's prayer you mention exists no where in the bible. Neither does the word Trinity, so what?   God is merciful. He is not hateful. Please please please do not portray him that way.  "He who has the Son has life (there's your love, epaphras faith); he who does not have the Son does not have everlasting life, but the wrath of God abides on him (there's your wrath)." John 3:36  It's not one or the other. God has both, though he much prefers to love.
That's silly to think you understand God's redeeming plan of salvation and grace and somehow, after being saved and having spent over ten years in the word, somehow I missed all that. Christ is my Savior for the remission of my sins, not by works of righteousness that I have done, and he is my righteousness, as I've stated before. So please make a note of that so you don't keep making the same mistake with those kinds of charges.     It does work with some. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, is it not? Also, what did Jesus say? "Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell." Matthew 10:28   Neither does the word Trinity, so what?     "He who has the Son has life (there's your love, epaphras faith); he who does not have the Son does not have everlasting life, but the wrath of God abides on him (there's your wrath)." John 3:36  It's not one or the other. God has both, though he much prefers to love.  Romans - "you have not been given a spirit of fear leading to slavery"  Not sure of the reference "It's his kindness that leads us to repentance."  I too have spent ten years in the word. I don't think you missed the scripture, I simply think that scaring people is (edit) not the best thing to do for them.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, is it not?   No. And you have yet to learn this.  Sorry, Orion, you can't rewrite Scripture. Recommend a Google search for you under "The Fear of the Lord" so you can get up to speed on the various nuances of the term, both positive and negative. Also recommend you read Deuteronomy chapter 28 for the "Curses of Disobedience" to the Lord.   And this is why your hell-fire and brimstone sermons don't resonate with people, as has been demonstrated over and over again. Fear is not a very good motivator. Never has been.  That's hogwash, Orion. Professional athletes talk about their fear of failing all the time. Fear of imprisonment keeps one heck of a lot of people out of jail. Capital punishment is designed not only for purposes of establishing justice but also as a motivator to keep people from committing murder, etc. That's one of the reasons why violating various laws have negative consequences attached to them by legislators.   I don't know about you, but my father never caused me to fear him.  What's that old saying? Spare the rod and spoil the child? What do mothers say sometimes? "If you do that I'm going to tell your father and you can deal with him when he gets home"!! But maybe your dad let you run wild, I don't know, but most kids I grew up with had a healthy fear of not wanting to get crossways with their dads, with the school principal, etc.   As for hell-fire sermons, not only do they often work (depending on the preacher, the material, and the individuals in attendance) but good preachers know this, which is why they often employ them in the pulpit. Such was the case with Jonathan Edward's "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God", which helped fuel a great revival in America.
EZ:  I think you miss what "the fear of the lord" is about. it is not about being afraid. The hebrew word there is better translated "awe". It is a right understanding of who we are and a right understanding of who God is. It has nothing to do with being afraid of Going to hell. You are so far afield, yet again.  What about the statement that "It's His kindness that leads us to repentance". Nowhere does it say that it is flat out scarry hellfire that leads us to repentance. Read 1st John Chapter 4. There is a clear picture of the process in the life of a believer. It is still about His love.   We are called upon to repent, cahnge our minds if you will. But we are never coerced into it. God says this is what hell is like, and this is what I am like. But he never says, if you don't choose me then you go to hell. It is simply these are the alternatives. It is a statement of reality.  You don't do that. You are trying to scare people into saying a prayer that they don't really mean.
I think you miss what "the fear of the lord" is about. it is not about being afraid. The hebrew word there is better translated "awe". It is a right understanding of who we are and a right understanding of who God is. It has nothing to do with being afraid of Going to hell. You are so far afield, yet again.  Awe of the Lord is part of it but there is also a fear of the Lord too.   Luke 12:4-5: I tell you, my friends, do not be afraid of those who kill the body and after that can do no more. But I will show you whom you should fear: Fear him who, after the killing of the body, has power to throw you into hell. Yes, I tell you, fear him.   Are you of one of those denominations, etc., who tries to argue that hell doesn't exist in the afterlife? Here's something you might want to look into:  First, Isaiah 61:10 - "I delight greatly in the Lord...For he has clothed me with garments of salvation and arrayed me in a robe of righteousness..."    Now learn the Parable of the Wedding Feast:  Matthew 22: 1 Jesus spoke to them again in parables, saying: 2 "The kingdom of heaven is like a king (God the Father) who prepared a wedding banquet for his son (Jesus  ). 3 He sent his servants to those who had been invited to the banquet to tell them to come, but they refused to come. 4 "Then he sent some more servants and said, `Tell those who have been invited that I have prepared my dinner: My oxen and fattened cattle have been butchered, and everything is ready. Come to the wedding banquet.' 5 "But they paid no attention and went off--one to his field, another to his business. 6 The rest seized his servants, mistreated them and killed them. 7 The king was enraged. He sent his army and destroyed those murderers and burned their city. 8 "Then he said to his servants, `The wedding banquet is ready, but those I invited did not deserve to come. 9 Go to the street corners and invite to the banquet anyone you find.' 10 So the servants went out into the streets and gathered all the people they could find, both good and bad, and the wedding hall was filled with guests. 11 "But when the king came in to see the guests, he noticed a man there who was not wearing wedding clothes (no "Robe of Righteousness").  12 `Friend,' he asked, `how did you get in here without wedding clothes?' The man was speechless. 13 "Then the king told the attendants, `Tie him hand and foot, and throw him outside, into the darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.'    Romans 3:21-24: "But now a righteousness from God, apart from law, has been made known, to which the Law and the Prophets testify. 22 This righteousness from God comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe. There is no difference, for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus."   Like I said, good preachers teach about God's love and warn people about hell too. And they've been doing it for ages. You're welcome to your beliefs but I'm not buying into them on this issue.   John 3:36
Orion, child abuse is having a liberal village raise a child.   :p
Awe of the Lord is part of it but there is also a fear of the Lord too.   Luke 12:4-5: I tell you, my friends, do not be afraid of those who kill the body and after that can do no more. But I will show you whom you should fear: Fear him who, after the killing of the body, has power to throw you into hell. Yes, I tell you, fear him.   Are you of one of those denominations, etc., who tries to argue that hell doesn't exist in the afterlife? Here's something you might want to look into:  First, Isaiah 61:10 - "I delight greatly in the Lord...For he has clothed me with garments of salvation and arrayed me in a robe of righteousness..."    Now learn the Parable of the Wedding Feast:  Matthew 22: 1 Jesus spoke to them again in parables, saying: 2 "The kingdom of heaven is like a king (God the Father) who prepared a wedding banquet for his son (Jesus  ). 3 He sent his servants to those who had been invited to the banquet to tell them to come, but they refused to come. 4 "Then he sent some more servants and said, `Tell those who have been invited that I have prepared my dinner: My oxen and fattened cattle have been butchered, and everything is ready. Come to the wedding banquet.' 5 "But they paid no attention and went off--one to his field, another to his business. 6 The rest seized his servants, mistreated them and killed them. 7 The king was enraged. He sent his army and destroyed those murderers and burned their city. 8 "Then he said to his servants, `The wedding banquet is ready, but those I invited did not deserve to come. 9 Go to the street corners and invite to the banquet anyone you find.' 10 So the servants went out into the streets and gathered all the people they could find, both good and bad, and the wedding hall was filled with guests. 11 "But when the king came in to see the guests, he noticed a man there who was not wearing wedding clothes (no "Robe of Righteousness").  12 `Friend,' he asked, `how did you get in here without wedding clothes?' The man was speechless. 13 "Then the king told the attendants, `Tie him hand and foot, and throw him outside, into the darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.'    Romans 3:21-24: "But now a righteousness from God, apart from law, has been made known, to which the Law and the Prophets testify. 22 This righteousness from God comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe. There is no difference, for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus."   Like I said, good preachers teach about God's love and warn people about hell too. And they've been doing it for ages. You're welcome to your beliefs but I'm not buying into them on this issue.   John 3:36  No, Our denomination fully believes in Hell. You did not answer my arguments but rather continued with your own. The issue is "its his kindness that leads us to repentence." I think that answers it pretty clearly.   The verses you use are not warning of fearing hell which is what you have been doing. The verses are of fearing God. Why God, because of who God is and who I am. You left out my argument on the right understanding of who God is and who I am. Learning that will give a person the correct fear of the lord.  You preach not fear of God but fear of Hell. I tell you, just as the verses you quotes say, do not fear hell (the death of the body) but rather fear Him who has the power to put you there.[My paraphrase for interpretation sake] You prove my point!!!!!!  It teaches specifically to fear God, not anything that can be done to you.
Epaphras faith,  Like I said, you're welcome to your views on all that, but preachers have been warning people about hell for ages, as did Jesus, as did others. So I'm not interested in your trying to change that for me. Got anything else you want to talk about?  Blessings in Christ, EZ
Epaphras faith,  Like I said, you're welcome to your views on all that, but preachers have been warning people about hell for ages, as did Jesus, as did others. So I'm not interested in your trying to change that for me. Got anything else you want to talk about?  Blessings in Christ, EZ  I thought I was arguing an issue of biblical interpretation with you. Jesus did not warn people that they would go to hell. He railed against religious leaders who judged others. It is this that I think you ought to change. Not talking about the possiblility of hell. Talk about that all you want. You traffic in fear though, not simply stating a fact. Look back at your own posts where all this started. I am not trying to change it in you. I am asking you, as a follower of Christ, to seek the truth. To be open to being wrong, to be open to what the TRUTH is. Period.  NO further discussion from me on this. Blessings to you as well.  EF
You traffic in fear though, not simply stating a fact.   Nope. I traffic in the truth about what the Word of God says about Hell, assuming people want to continue rejecting God's love in Jesus Christ. You believe Hell is real, as you have admitted? Why then aren't you warning people about it then? Certainly Jesus did, as can be attested to by the scriptures in the following link. Here's the message clear as it can be, including what Christ said about it:  http://www.jesus-is-lord.com/hellreal.htm  When people try to sugar-coat this Biblical truth they aren't doing anyone any favors. If it wasn't real important to people Jesus would not have spent so much time on it either. Maybe he was trafficking in fear when he taught about it? Love speaks the truth, and love warns people so they can avoid the danger of eternal damnation and separation from God. But then I'd be trafficking in love in doing that favor for my fellow man, though I'd never get accused of that one around here.  Jesus is Lord!
Nope. I traffic in the truth about what the Word of God says about Hell, assuming people want to continue rejecting God's love in Jesus Christ. You believe Hell is real, as you have admitted? Why then aren't you warning people about it then? Certainly Jesus did, as can be attested to by the scriptures in the following link. Here's the message clear as it can be, including what Christ said about it:  http://www.jesus-is-lord.com/hellreal.htm  When people try to sugar-coat this Biblical truth they aren't doing anyone any favors. If it wasn't real important to people Jesus would not have spent so much time on it either. Maybe he was trafficking in fear when he taught about it? Love speaks the truth, and love warns people so they can avoid the danger of eternal damnation and separation from God. But then I'd be trafficking in love in doing that favor for my fellow man, though I'd never get accused of that one around here.  Jesus is Lord!  Allow me to bring one of the scriptures quoted from the website you listed:  Revelation 21:8, But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.   Isn't it interesting that the "fearful" are those that go to hell?  You have still not answered my point about His kindness that leads us to repentence. My guess is you cannot.  Lastly, looking at your website only proves my point:  The Lord is...not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. (II Peter 3:9)   Matthew 10:28, And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him  which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.   Luke 12:5, But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which AFTER he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him  Please note that the idea is to FEAR GOD not hell. The remainder of scripture only points to the existence of Hell which I admit. However, nothing, but nothing says that we are to scare people with it. Rather we are to declare the riches and mercy and grace that are in the hands of the Father. "it is His kindness that leads us to repentance."  "My Grace is sufficient for you", "For by Grace you are saved through faith and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God that no man may boast," I will take from them their heart of stone and give them a heart of flesh",   Luke 24:47 and repentance and forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem. (Note it does not say hell shall be preached)  Romans 2:4 Or do you show contempt for the riches of his kindness, tolerance and patience, not realizing that God's kindness leads you toward repentance?   2 Corinthians 7:10 Godly sorrow brings repentance that leads to salvation and leaves no regret, but worldly sorrow brings death. (Note the differentiation here.) Godly sorrow does not come from fear but sadness out of what I have done. Worldly sorrow says I am afraid of what will happen to me.)  2 Timothy 2:25 Those who oppose him he must gently instruct, in the hope that God will grant them repentance leading them to a knowledge of the truth,  (Gently Instruct, not try to scare the wits out of)  The above references are from the NIV. I think my point is clear, and I think you will not answer any of these as you have not answered one before.  EF
You have still not answered my point about His kindness that leads us to repentence. My guess is you cannot.  Would that be the kindness of warning people about hell so they don't perish? There's many kinds of kindness, ef. And gentle compared to whom, John the Baptist, who very likely bellowed out to Repent or else? What level of loudness and boldness is acceptable in trying to save people from the Pit, especially in a forum such as this where the silence is deafening! Get their attention and shout it out, if that's what it takes.  Lastly, looking at your website only proves my point: Luke 12:5, But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which AFTER he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him. Please note that the idea is to FEAR GOD not hell.  If hell is half as bad as the Bible says it is people ought to fear it too, as well as fearing the one who can send people there.   I think my point is clear, and I think you will not answer any of these as you have not answered one before.  You stand (sit) answered and corrected.
The Rich Man and Lazarus    Luke 16:19 "There was a rich man who was dressed in purple and fine linen and lived in luxury every day. 20 At his gate was laid a beggar named Lazarus, covered with sores 21 and longing to eat what fell from the rich man's table. Even the dogs came and licked his sores. 22 "The time came when the beggar died and the angels carried him to Abraham's side. The rich man also died and was buried. 23 In hell, where he was in torment, he looked up and saw Abraham far away, with Lazarus by his side. 24 So he called to him, 'Father Abraham, have pity on me and send Lazarus to dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue, because I am in agony in this fire.' 25 "But Abraham replied, 'Son, remember that in your lifetime you received your good things, while Lazarus received bad things, but now he is comforted here and you are in agony. 26 And besides all this, between us and you a great chasm has been fixed, so that those who want to go from here to you cannot, nor can anyone cross over from there to us.' 27 "He answered, 'Then I beg you, father, send Lazarus to my father's house, 28 for I have five brothers. Let him warn them, so that they will not also come to this place of torment.'   Better shout it out if need be, ef!!
Would that be the kindness of warning people about hell so they don't perish? There's many kinds of kindness, ef. And gentle compared to whom, John the Baptist, who very likely bellowed out to Repent or else? What level of loudness and boldness is acceptable in trying to save people from the Pit, especially in a forum such as this where the silence is deafening! Get their attention and shout it out, if that's what it takes.    If hell is half as bad as the Bible says it is people ought to fear it too, as well as fearing the one who can send people there.     You stand (sit) answered and corrected.  I guess the point I am making is that it only serves to take peoples eyes off of God. What happened to Peter when Jesus Bade him walk on the water, he got out of the boat looking at jesus, then he looked at the peril all around him and nearly drowned.  I don't see a problem with talking about the consequences of the choices we make, but Jesus never advocating scaring people with them. Instead, He talked often about keeping their eyes pinned to the one who can save them. Like the old hymn says "keep your eyes upon jesus, look full in his wonderful face, and the things of this world will grow strangely dim, in the light of his glory and grace." Not scripture but it makes my point clearly.   Focusing people on hell has one effect only, driving them away. I know of no one saved because some preacher focused him on hell. I know many many many saved because someone taught him about who God is.
I guess the point I am making is that it only serves to take peoples eyes off of God. What happened to Peter when Jesus Bade him walk on the water, he got out of the boat looking at jesus, then he looked at the peril all around him and nearly drowned.  I don't see a problem with talking about the consequences of the choices we make, but Jesus never advocating scaring people with them. Instead, He talked often about keeping their eyes pinned to the one who can save them. Like the old hymn says "keep your eyes upon jesus, look full in his wonderful face, and the things of this world will grow strangely dim, in the light of his glory and grace." Not scripture but it makes my point clearly.   Focusing people on hell has one effect only, driving them away. I know of no one saved because some preacher focused him on hell. I know many many many saved because someone taught him about who God is.  Well, said Epaphras. I always meet younger people who say they're preacher preaching fire and brimstone all the time was really a turn off. Showing someone to God through love and fellowship is the only way to go. If you tell them they are going to go to hell all the time, what kind of real relationship are they going to develope with God. None.
Well, said Epaphras. I always meet younger people who say they're preacher preaching fire and brimstone all the time was really a turn off. Showing someone to God through love and fellowship is the only way to go. If you tell them they are going to go to hell all the time, what kind of real relationship are they going to develope with God. None.  Hello Heavenbound! Who said anything about telling "them they are going to go to hell all the time"? Like I have said numerous times here already, good preachers teach / preach on both the love and salvation of God in Christ AND the alternative, hell (along with many other topics). Well-known Dr. Charles Stanley of the First Baptist Church in Atlanta does just that, as do numerous others.  My discussion with EF was just on the specific subject of occasionally teaching on or warning people about hell. If he wants to discuss the grace of God / Christ and forgiveness, I'll be happy to provide my latest sermon on it (that I'm giving this Sunday, by the way) and discuss that too. :p   God bless!!   John 5:24
Orion, you know that when you mock Jesus Christ (as you have numerous times in chanting "gay jesus", etc., in the various forums), you are mocking the very one that you will need in your corner come Judgment Day. Not very bright. Many people I have talked with over the years in the forums have come to know you as an anti-Christian bigot because of your constant ill-conceived and sometimes vicious attacks on God's Word, Christ, the Virgin Mary, God's plan of Salvation, etc. You even encourage people who practice Wiccanism, paganism, hedonism, and many other ungodly pursuits, paving the path to perdition for them. And all that wouldn't be so bad but you STILL do not have the wherewithall or ability to credibly present and support your own illogical, "all-paths-lead-to-God" liberal mantra. And what's so hilarious is that your "all-paths-lead-to-God" mantra excludes the traditional Biblical plan of salvation through Jesus Christ only! So take a nap and come back when you can do something other than bash Jesus Christ and his people.
Orion, let me just say there's still a plan of salvation for you in Christ Jesus. And there's still time for you to turn from your attacks against him, against the Bible, and against his Biblically-believing people, and come to the light. Even Saul, who persecuted believers, saw the light, i.e.:  Acts 9:3 As he neared Damascus on his journey, suddenly a light from heaven flashed around him. 4 He fell to the ground and heard a voice say to him, "Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me?" 5 "Who are you, Lord?" Saul asked.   "I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting," he replied.
Orion, you know that when you mock Jesus Christ (as you have numerous times in chanting "gay jesus", etc., in the various forums), you are mocking the very one that you will need in your corner come Judgment Day. Not very bright. Many people I have talked with over the years in the forums have come to know you as an anti-Christian bigot because of your constant ill-conceived and sometimes vicious attacks on God's Word, Christ, the Virgin Mary, God's plan of Salvation, etc. You even encourage people who practice Wiccanism, paganism, hedonism, and many other ungodly pursuits, paving the path to perdition for them. And all that wouldn't be so bad but you STILL do not have the wherewithall or ability to credibly present and support your own illogical, "all-paths-lead-to-God" liberal mantra. And what's so hilarious is that your "all-paths-lead-to-God" mantra excludes the traditional Biblical plan of salvation through Jesus Christ only! So take a nap and come back when you can do something other than bash Jesus Christ and his people.  Orion and I do not agree on much. However, Orion was simply arguing the statement that you made saying you only occasionally "warn" of hell. He pointed out many statements to show the contrary. He also attacked you personally, trying to explain that he has seen this pattern repeatedly. You, however, have resulted to ad hominem argumentation, pointing out that because he is the way he is that is why he argues what he does.   I am a devout christian. I love Christ and know well my destination. I love orion (in a christian way) and have a desire that he may know the real jesus. Then his mocking will stop. My telling him he will go to hell will do nothing.  Did the jews turn from God when Jeremiah warned them of the coming judgement. Did they turn from their ways BEFORE the serpent was sent to them in the wilderness, God lived in the tent among them. The focus should be on God. "Seek First the kingdom of Heaven and His righteousness and all else shall be added."  I am sorry you would resort to this blatant attack with no attempt at argumentation.
Well, said Epaphras. I always meet younger people who say they're preacher preaching fire and brimstone all the time was really a turn off. Showing someone to God through love and fellowship is the only way to go. If you tell them they are going to go to hell all the time, what kind of real relationship are they going to develope with God. None.  Thank you.
Epaphras Faith,  Feel free to have some serious discussions with Orion about Christ. So far you haven't made a dent from what I can see. You stay with it for five years and show me some results and then I will be impressed with your ways.
Trebor,  http://www.jesusplusnothing.com/messiah/messiah.htm  Enjoy!
Made a 'dent' in what, EZ? What exactly are you expecting from Epaphras Faith in my regard? I remind you that this is a discussion forum. People, for the most part, come here to discuss, share, and learn.     Again, what 'results' are you expecting from EP with regard to me? Do I detect a hint of evangelism here?  Orion: I will be honest. There is a touch of evangelism in my being here. But not so as to force my beliefs on you or anyone. True evangelism is living in the open with others. If you see something in me that is impressive then so be it. (I frankly doubt you will) It is not my primary purpose. I am here to grow and learn like anyone else. Do I hope some may come to christ as a result of our learning together? You bet. Why wouldn't I if I truly believed Christ to be the only real life to have? If I believe it to be the best thing, I do hope and pray some come to christ because of our discussions. But, it is not my goal. My goal, is to test and strengthen my own faith. Faith under fire is the only way it grows stronger.   I have been tested, logically and otherwise, in these many discussions. I have posted over 2000 times and have enjoyed most of them. There are many here who do not believe as I do that I respect greatly. I think EZ's intent really is to "warn people about hell". I am firmly of the belief that only takes people's eyes off of a good and loving father. Evangelism is a word that comes from "Euangelion." It is a greek word that means "Good News". The Good news is not that you can be saved from Hell. The good news is that we have been given true life. That is my belief, my goal and my life.  What you choose is up to you. Jesus died to give everyman the choice. I will not subvert that act.  EF
I think EZ's intent really is to "warn people about hell". I am firmly of the belief that only takes people's eyes off of a good and loving father.  If you'll read some of my other posts in the other threads you'll see a wide range of Christian-related topics I write on. I also did a whole thread on "The Grace of God", and another one on "The Holy Spirit" in the Atlantic Forums, amongst other topics. So I'm not a "one trick pony" as some might think, but I desire to cover all the bases in case something strikes home, whether it be salvation in Christ via the love of God, or hell, or whatever.  Cheers....
If you'll read some of my other posts in the other threads you'll see a wide range of Christian-related topics I write on. I also did a whole thread on "The Grace of God", and another one on "The Holy Spirit" in the Atlantic Forums, amongst other topics. So I'm not a "one trick pony" as some might think, but I desire to cover all the bases in case something strikes home, whether it be salvation in Christ via the love of God, or hell, or whatever.  Cheers....  I will spend some time reviewing. There is no doubt you are studied. I do not dispute that. Your focus concerns me at times. I have a strong strong bend to focus on who God is and nothing else. So, part my issue. However, consider that it is part your issue too.  More after I re-read various posts. I will use the search feature and do some reviewing for a while and will respond later.
Don't despair. I think that HeavenBound is a Christian and it would be unchristianlike to make a promise and then not follow through. It would be the equivalent of a lie. Keep checking. I have faith in HeavenBound. She will post something - empty assertion most likely - and claim that it is "proof" because Morris, Ham, Sarfati, or Hovind told her so. Hopefully it won't be something like "radiocarbon dating can't be true because the Bible says..."  Well, Pandion I will have to concede the argument to you. It isn't because of any of the reasons you listed, I simply cannot figure out what I did with the article. The article had nothing whatsoever to do with creationism or any of the people you mention. The article was about Archaeology and dating artifacts. Say what you will, I now bow out graciously.   He is no fool who gives up what he cannot keep to gain that which he cannot lose. (Jim Elliot)
With all due respect, I would be curious to see this article which you mention... even if you are not able to provide it by your self-imposed deadline. (I misplace things often, too.) If you ever find it, please post it here.  I will certainly do so.
Say what you will, your bow isn't gracious. It is just more example of your extreme case of snide.  I was in no way whatsoever snide, it's a making of your imagination. I tried over and over to be polite, but you always respond in derogatory manner. If anyone has been snide it's you.   Why don't you give us a clue? Who published the article? Who wrote it? In what scientific publication was it published? What was the title? What was the main point of the research?  If I could remember all that information I could tracked down the article again myself. I obviously don't have your photographic memory.  You know, HeavenBound. What you have pulled here isn't unusual. Over the many years that I have been debating creationists I have seen it many times. Claims of proof followed by I can't find it.  I haven't pulled anything. I wasn't trying to scam anyone and I haven't lied.  As I explained, if you wish to discredit radiocarbon dating from an article about archaeology, then you will throw all western religions into crisis. If you discredit radiocarbon dates that have supported the Biblical chronology (once you get past the mythology), then you have destroyed most of the scientific support for the historical portions of the Bible.  I think knowing the truth is more important than believing lies.  I'm really interested in your "proof." It is a paradigm shifting discovery for most of science and all of western religion. If you are correct, then neither religion nor science is.  Please look again. What an exciting prospect for science! Everything we know is wrong and we must start again! Of course, any science based on incorrect understanding of nuclear theory (such as radiocarbon dating) should be terminated immediately. All nuclear power plants should be shut down immediatley (even though our ability to produce electrical power without them is less than our need). Aren't brown-outs and shifting power grids preferable to the dangers posed by incorrect nuclear theory? So what if your heating unit wont fire in the winter. So what if your AC unit wont operate in the summer. So what if you are reduced to reading (and maybe educating yourself) because you have no radio and no TV. So what if you have to go to bed at sunset. So what if most of the Navy has to drydock the major ships (all major ships are nuclear, you know). Our Navy would be reduced to minor vessels. So what?  If all  of science depends solely on carbon dating then science really isn't too stable is it.  Probably you did have something that you didn't understand. You were duped by some "creation scientist" that you believed because he told you that he was a christian.  I know you just can't help yourself, are you so assuming with your friends and family.  The point is that either you can step up to the line and deliver what you promised or you can't. There is no gracious way out. Either you are a fool or you are not.  So everyone who's lost an argument, contest or game are to be considered fools. Interesting. I can exit however I want too, that decision is not up to you. :)
I'll post a devestating response on the next 5th Friday of any month. If that should occur, I won't be able to find my references.  How I love "creation science." You get to make it up as you go and then you get to lose your sources.  I'm going to become a creationist. The I'll never be wrong again!  Why are you acting childish, you won the bet. emoticon_rolleyes
Actually I'm not being childish. While it is true that I won both the bet and the argument, I was really mocking you.  That's being childish. Once a person has won an argument they have nothing left prove, but you want to drone on and on about it gloating in a poor me style, oh what I have to suffer through and endure.   Of course you tried to make yourself into a martyr when your rude and insulting attitude was responded to with mockery.  I didn't become rude until I was treated rudely first. If you can't handle being treated rudely then you shouldn't dish it out. emoticon_wow
You do realize that the poster in quesion that Pandion is talking about has constantly attacked evolution, science, the personal beliefs of other posters, and has constantly refused to post anything that would even remotely hint at vestiges of any scientific or rational knowledge?  How is disagreeing with evolution and science an attack. If anyone's belief's have been attacked their mine. I am allowed the right to defend myself in like manner. I am but one poster up against how many of you.   Eat your own words: Anyone who throws a punch must be ready to recieve one with twice the force delivered.  I believe I stood my ground quite well, otherwise I wouldn't be posting now. :)
You haven't done anything to prove any of your arguments. Your disagreements with evolution and science are basically "I don't buy it," you refuse to refute anything we say, you refuse to back your comments with science, you refuse to back anything you come up with except with weak, vague, factless statements. Heck, you even went so far as to ask us if we would bet our lives on carbon dating! Our personal belief is irrevelant. What matters is proving or disproving the science factually, something you have failed with flying colors to do.   So your saying I have no right  to disagree unless I can prove and refute evolution and science. Right, you can come back down to earth now. I can disagree with what I want to and no one an explanation, however that wasn't my intent.  [quote=]You have the right to defend yourself, but when you resort to comments such as "get a life" to socialist, we start (or merely confirm our existing notions) that you no idea what you are talking about when you disagree with science and evolution.[quote/]  Oh you mean this comment from Socialist, "I am not considering your points anymore, so In a way I am. I just like making fun of them. It's entertaining".  It's funny how you forgot to include his comment. What scientific answer would you have me give?  That is expected. Creationists usually run away when their arguments peter out.  You wouldn't be corresponding with me if I had ran away. Like I said I'm sick of beating a dead horse, you can go ahead and kick a few more times if you want. Adios
So basically if everything you have said is true HeavenBound, then you found an article and all you understood about it was that it disproved radiometric dating. You didn't understand anything else about it, but you knew the article disproved it. You then couldn't find it. You should know the gist of it since you should have read it. I can understand if you misplaced it, but you should know the reason radiometric dating is false if this really disproves radiometric dating, but I doubt it.  I read that article several weeks ago when I wasn't even looking for articles on radiometric dating. I'm sorry if my memory isn't good, I've a lot of important things happen in that time that occupies most of my thoughts. :)
Nope. That's not what I'm saying. You have the right to disagree, but you don't have the right to whine when you are on the recieving end of a punch that was in retaliation for the one you threw, which is what you are doing now. You have disagreed, but haven't given a even half decent argument as to why anyone should take you seriously. In fact, you've run from every challenge including the one this thread is about.     Actually they are entertaining, as well as making those who are educated value that education. Just because he said it doesn't mean that you have to respond in kind. After all, Socialist has given decent arguments as to why you are wrong, you haven't done anything even remotely similar. Where s/he as presented something of substance and then resorted to silly comments, you just revel in silly comments.    I do remember linking several talkorigins.org articles, as well as a few others, while giving specifics. Apparently selective anmesia is one of your traits now.     Like I said, Creationists usually run away when their arguments peter out.  I didn't run away I walked away, did you not read the last line of my last post. Why didn't you post it here before you made this last comment.
I'm inclined to believe, based on the style and content of Heavenbound's responses to numerous threads, that what we're actually dealing with is a child, not a troll.  If so, I hope that the numerous exchanges she's had here have opened her eyes a little to the world around her. Hopefully, she'll seek out more knowledge, rather than retreat into intentional ignorance.  Be gentle guys. :)   Waxy  I think alot of the time the eyes of a child see more then the blurred vision of what we call an adult
You're wrong about evolution--it's been observed. It's REAL, and if you don't realize that, your head is in the sand. You deal with it.  What about evolution has been observed?   I think it has been more theorized (if thats a word) then anything else. Creating theories for theories and so on.
 Why don't you give us an example of a theory of evolution that is based on a theory of evolution.  ok, i will go find one for you
That's you seeing through the eyes of a child. Blur yourself with a little knowledge and you'd know different.  Knowledge is nothing if it is not used in the right way, look around us at all the unhappy people.  Knowledge may be power, but sometimes it does more harm then good.  What knowledge do i not know?
Silent_eko - Can we expect to hear from you by next Tuesday? ;) Here we go again, tingling in anticipation of some promised piece of evidence.  Peace, The Bootfitter  I'll get on it. I have some stuff to do in school and such, but I will work it in for ya. Tuesday should be the day.
Maybe I now have an ally who agrees with me that there is such a thing as bad knowledge?  Hopefully...  Sure, after all ignorance is bliss isn't it?
Tons I'm sure. For the sake of brevity let's start with not understanding what a "theory" in science really represents. Namely, something already tested by observation. Not a hunch, guess or speculation. Something to be treated as a fact until and unless disproven.   Btw who gets to decide what the "right" way to use any given knowledge should be? Unhappy people because of knowledge? A variant on the "ignorance is bliss" argument? Tell it to the tsunami victims without an early warning system.  We cannot stop everything from happening. Create a weather system that works, tell me how much rain will fall. Tell me the exact humidity one week ahead of time. That's never going to happen, some things we cannot stop.
You insisted I post some of my evidence against evolution. I am still conducting research. The majority of the stuff on the web (from either camp) is either evolutionists combatting creationism or creationists combatting evolution. I want to provide us with reasonable sources that are not biased either way. This is a bit of a task no matter the side you land on. In the meantime, I found a site that may be good for a chuckle at least. I don't know the veracity or reliability of the information. It does raise some interesting points though.  EF  PS, more to come as I locate it.  EF
I have to say that this is not my favorite topic as I am not as well schooled as some on the subject.  So here are a couple of links for a start.  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/punc-eq.html  http://www.ideacenter.org/contentmgr/showdetails.php/id/1232  Essentially, as I understand things, one of the main components of evolutionary thought is that changes to new species take place gradually over long periods of time. The fossil record does not support this. So, in an attempt to deal with this problem, Gould and Eldredge came up with a theory called, punctuated equilibrium. I think it highlights one of the main problems in evolutionary theory and that the fossil record simply does not support it.  Namely, the lack of transitional species. I am not saying that creation can be evidenced, simply that there is evidence against evolution which was never taught in my high school classes.
I have to say that this is not my favorite topic as I am not as well schooled as some on the subject.  So here are a couple of links for a start.  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/punc-eq.html  http://www.ideacenter.org/contentmgr/showdetails.php/id/1232  Here's another one...  The Bible teaches us that Satan is "a liar, and the father of it" (John 8:44). This means that Satan is ultimately responsible for the greatest lie of all time being spread throughout world - the lie, which leads people to reject the truth that God created all things. This is the lie of evolution!  This great lie, one of Satan's major weapons, has even deceived many Christians. Many in our churches and Christian colleges have accommodated this lie. Satan has successfully infiltrated the Church as well as the rest of the community, using this false teaching of evolution, and he has captured much territory. ICR is involved in this battle against the forces of evil, as we aggressively go to battle against evolution.  We covet your prayers as we are on the front lines of this battle. Please sustain us also with your financial help, so we can hire more soldiers to defend against the attacks of the enemy and aggressively take more and more of his territory for the Lord. -- Ken Ham, ICR  http://www.icr.org/pubs/btg-a/btg-041a.htm
First, a comment about your second link. Gould had this to say about the quotes on that page:  It seems that creationists are still at it.  Yes. That is one component of evolutionary thought. But there is more to it than that. Another component of evolutionary thought is that many times species remain static (as far as the fossil record reveals) for long periods of time, sometimes millions of years. Another component of evolutionary thought is that sometimes speciation can happen relatively rapidly, in a flash of geological time, maybe as little as 50 or 60 thousand years. Even Darwin hypothesized that changes that caused speciation took place in peripheral segments of the population. Just before World War II Dobzhansky and Mayr discussed the gaps in the fossil record and the reasons for them. They agreed with Darwin. Finally, in the 1960s Eldredge and Gould worked out the first statement of what became the theory of punctuated equilibria in which they elaborated on the previous thoughts of Darwin, Dobzhansky, and Mayr. I think their paper, in which they discussed their observations from the fossil record of just such events, was published in 1972.  Actually, the fossil record does support it. Both Eldredge and Gould have discussed it. Both men made observations of slow gradual speciation in the fossil record in a small geographical area. These changes were reflected at other locations as an abrupt change from one species to another. But given that such changes take place very quickly in populations that are usually under environmental stress and isolated from the main population, and given the rarity of fossilization in the first place, we don't expect to find many examples in the fossil record. It is a bit like trying to time a 100 yd. dash with a sundial. The fossil record just isn't fine grained enough to see the rapid (50-60 thousand years) changes.  Nope. It does. Or maybe it supports the hypothesis of successive creation. The fossil record that we find certainly doesn't support the creation as told in the Bible. Even the creationists who went in search of evidence of the flood some 200 years ago realized that the geology didn't support what the Bible said. So they thought that the geology represented many floods, the last one from the Bible being on top.  This objection has already been answer by Gould in the quote above. But of course, what creationists demand is eyedropper precision from a fire hose. Nevertheless, we have some spectacular transitional forms. My favorite is Archaeopteryx. And there is a great progression from four legged land animal to two finned aquatic whales. Some whales in that progression had rear legs that would have been useless for walking.  Really? What evidence is that?  I will answer the remainder later as I am pressed for time. Archaeopteryx is not a transitional form. It has well defined feathers. Where is the evidence for transition from scales to feathers that is predicted by evolution. Natural selection in particular but overall evolution.   If you read Gould's original work he does not say what he says above and in fact actually contradicts it. It appears like a response that is back peddling at best.   As I said, more later.  EF
Before you get too deep into a topic you don't enjoy EF, I'm really questioning what your point/goal is.  Even if you manage to successfully prove that Archeopteryx is not a true "transitional fossil", or that the record of transitional fossils is incomplete, what have you actually acomplished?   At best you'll be able to show that the evidence for evolution is incomplete.   Ask any biologist or scientist and they'll readily admit that, that's why it's a theory. (Please note the use of the word "theory" is used in scientific definition) By all accounts, the data we have from the fossil record is staggering if you consider not only the rarity of fossilization, but the rarity of actual exposure on the Earth's surface to allow us to recover these fossils. The request for a finite, detailed transition in a species that took place over a time period of less than 100,000 years or even 1 million years, amounts to the blink of an eye in geologic time, and astronomical odds of preservation.   The lack of 100% proof for something does not mean it's incorrect (you should be well aware of that ;) ), nor does it mean that something else is necessarily a better alternative.  Anyhoo, my point here is simply that proving there are some warts on the theory of evolution doesn't really diminish its credibility, it's already stood up to immense scrutiny and passed all the tests so far.  More importantly, it in NO WAY increases the credibility of creationism.  Waxy  I appreciate your concern waxy. I guess my point is that it is not just the absence of evidence but to look at the evidence objectively. For instance there is a precambrian layer with nothing in it. There is a cambrian layer that suddenly shows vertebrates. This isn't punctuated equilibrium. It goes from nothing to something, all of a sudden. Why is that?  As I said, I don't know that much and am still researching. It make take me a week to formulate a really good argument. The stuff I have posted for now is mostly to stimulate discussion on the issue.  This all originated because I said that evolution is taught as fact (and I know some on this board that have argued it as fact, Lurch used to anyway, one or two others I can think of).   I wouldn't mind if it is promoted as a theory, as long as other possible theories are also examined. Why could one not look at the evidence that supports a creationist view point for instance. Lets look at evidence for and against (in schools) explanations. A teacher doesn't have to say that creation is true. They can say what they believe. They can say why. The kids should be allowed to explore it completely.   My point on the other thread is that kids are not allowed. They are taught exclusively evolution as fact. I was.
I'm not sure what "layers" you're referring to, or where they are, I'm assuming you're getting to that.  Geology will likely go a long way to explaining presence/abscence of fossils.    IMHO, your argument has little to do with evolution, and any further attempt to discredit evolution on your part is redundant. Any scientist worth his salt will readily conceed that evolution remains a theory.  I've never encountered evolution taught as fact. I have encountered evolution taught as the best possible explanation given the available data. Evolution as a theory stands on ground as firm in terms of supporting evidence as widely accepted theories such as gravity, atomic, etc...  Would you propose that other alternatives were taught in those cases?  A better question IMHO, is why would one look at the evidence from a Creationist viewpoint? Why would one exclusively mix the teachings of one particular religion and science?  I think the burden here is not to prove that evolution is an incomplete theory, that's a given IMHO, the burden is to prove that creationism is a valid explanation of the evidence worthy of being taught as an alternative to evolution, in a scientific context.  That will be one monumental uphill battle IMHO.  Waxy Actually, Gravity was always explained as something we can measure but have no idea what it is. Atomic theory was always explained as one possibility, gaussian cloud theory was another one, subatomic theory, string theory etc. So in answer to "should we teach alternatives" you bet.  The layers I was talking about are the geological layers labeled precambrian and cambrian.  The burden for me is not to prove or disprove evolution or creation. I am simply saying lets look at the possibilities. You and I agree that it is a widely accepted theory. Many on this forum have declared that it is so widely accepted that it is fact.  The problem is that it is not fact anymore than electrons spinning in orbits about atoms is fact. That is one explanation that is taught in most high school physics and chemistry classes. However, the gaussian model is far more explicative and no more complex.  The concept that two electrons can stay in the same general energy shell because they have opposite spin is something that is a theory. Many alternatives to that are taught.  Electrons have essentially no mass. Neutrons and Protons do. However, there are theories that they are all made of something more (quarks amongst other things) and there are theories that they are tied together photonically, and so on. The look for the grand unifying prinicple continues. Until then, scientists (true ones anyhow) know that they could easily be proven wrong and frankly hope they are the ones to do it.  So, I will continue to say that the teaching of evolution in our schools is skewed and not to scientific bias.  EF
I am always amazed at how creationists so frequently use lack of time to justify content free responses. Wouldn't it have been easier to not even attempt an answer or to admit that you don't know enough to respond intelligently?  Yes it is and yes it does. Did you have a point? For example, please explain to us why feathers are a disqualifying characteristic in a transitional form.  When you have more time to make a detailed response, please address the following characteristics and discuss how their presence/absence in Archaeopteryx impacts its status as a transitional form: Opposable hallux, presence of furcula, elongate pubis directed backward, beak, fused trunk vertibrae, pneumatic bones, elongate cerebral hemispheres with cerebellum behind mid-brain, concave articular facets on cervical vertebrae, long tail composed of free vertebrae, teeth, ribs with unicinate processes articulated with sternum, carina, sacrum of 6 vetebrae, archosaurian pelvic femur joint, free metacarpals, free metatarsals, preorbital fenestra, deltoid ridge on humerus and radial and ulnar condyles forward facing, clasw on unfused digits of forelimbs, developed fibula, gastralia. Well, that should be enough for now. I would have to do a bit of reviewing of the anatomy of theropods, avians, and Archaeopteryx to list more. But I'm sure that your detailed analysis if the above few characteristics are enough to support your position.  But please be sure to address the first question. Yes, Archaeopteryx had feathers. So what?   That presumes that "evolution" predicts the transition from scales to feathers? Please substantuate your claim with references to recent peer reviewed literature. You seem to imply that we should be able to find these transitions on Archaeopteryx. Why would that be so? If it had only some form of proto-feather then it wouldn't be a bird, would it?  You don't seem to be very current about these matters. You can find such structures on animals such as Sinosauropteryx, Caudipteryx and other oviraptorosaurs, ornithomimosaurs and therizinosaurs, Microraptor, and the beautifully preserved Sinornithosaurus.  This sentence fragment doesn't make sense. Is it supposed to be an expansion on your claim that "evolution" predicts examples of scales becoming feathers? If so, how is that a prediction of natural selection. Do you even know what natural selection is? I suspect not. I suspect that you are just parroting what you have been told by some creationist who is as uninformed as you.  I think you are being pedantic. I did not say I would not respond. I said I am researching as I don't know much. I have already admitted what you say would be easier if I just admitted it. It is responses such as that, that mean I will not respond to you further. Do as you please, but your posts will be ignored by me. I may have sentence fragments and other items, but I have not been dishonest. Your characterization of me is prejudiced "creationists so frequently use lack of time to justify content free responses." I will not respond to prejudiced regardless of how well informed you may be. Everyone here will testify (and you could actually read my posts) that I do indeed respond when I say I am going to respond and provide evidence when I say I am going to provide evidence. This is a continuing conversation between bootfitter and I. I accept others responses and will try to argue to the best of my ability but it is well outside of my scope.  You can list all the evidence you want. You still misquote me and equivocate my meanings and resort to ad hominem arguments. You also supply evidence.  Fine. I care not a whit what you think. Your evidence is stipulated to. Do you wish to continue this idiocy. I never said that evolution wasn't true and that creation was true. I simply said that true science requires the look at the evidence objectively and that some individuals that support evolution do not do that. When I present an argument, I am willing to look at both sides. You apparrently are not based on your prejudicial comment. EF
My quote in context:  I will answer the remainder later as I am pressed for time. Archaeopteryx is not a transitional form. It has well defined feathers. Where is the evidence for transition from scales to feathers that is predicted by evolution. Natural selection in particular but overall evolution.    As quoted by Pandion where I am supposedly non responsive:Archaeopteryx is not a transitional form. It has well defined feathers.  Note the sentence that follows questions where the transition from scales to feather is in the fossil record. It is possible that Pandion responded to this. I don't really care as I am not arguing his point. I note this as he conveniently took what I posted out of context. Not too smart given that anyone can go back and look at the actual post.  I leave it up to you all to decide who is presenting information honestly. I note he conveniently left it out of context
perhaps someone can help me with some logic on evolution. Here is something that is admittedly simplistic from the UC Berkley Museum of Paleontolgy website.  Homologies Evolutionary theory predicts that related organisms will share similarities that are derived from common ancestors. Similar characteristics due to relatedness are known as homologies. Homologies can be revealed by comparing the anatomies of different living things, looking at cellular similarities and differences, studying embryological development, and studying vestigial structures within individual organisms.  Paleontolgy, UC Berkley   The first line is what bothers me. "evolutionary theory predicts that related organisms will share similarities that are derived from common ancestors"  What is meant by the term related organisms? If it assumes that the organisms are related then what follows about homologies could not be used to prove that organisms are related as that would be circular argumentation. The statements concerning homologies seems to beg the question.   So what am I missing?
I don't know that you're missing anything except maybe a correct interpretation of the first sentence.  Evolutionary theory predicts that (related organisms) will share similarities that are derived from common ancestors.  I interpret this as:  Evolutionary theory predicts that  (if organisms are related, they) will share similarities that are derived from common ancestors.  This was the most helpful. Is it also meant by related that they had a common ancestor? If that is the case then what it is saying is that because organisms share similarities they must necessarily be related? Am I correct?
That is correct.  Unfortunately, no. It isn't as simple as that. Similarities can be either homologous or analogous. The site you linked to uses the excellent example of bird and bat wings to explain this. They are homologous in that they are both modified fore limbs from a common four legged ancestor. They are analogous though because the wing evolved twice (ie they do not share a common winged ancestor).  The original "Evolutionary theory predicts that related organisms will share similarities that are derived from common ancestors. Similar characteristics due to relatedness are known as homologies." is an odd claim. As you identify, it is a bit of a circular argument and thus not really a prediction. We might assume two species are related because of homologous characteristics, but as often as not those characteristics are simply redefined as analogous if the species are later found not to be related.  Relatedness is measured using as many characteristics as possible, rather than just the one as the Berkley site (sort of) implies. The more shared characteristics, the more related (sort of). The whole field is known as cladistics (due to grouping organisms into clades) and is very complex. If you want to know more, let me know and I'll try and dig out a web site that offers a relatively simple introduction to cladistics for you.  I think I can pass on learning cladistics for the moment. If the berkley site seems to provide something even slightly circular, why do they do that. It appears misleading.
Does anyone understand pottassium argon dating? Is it accurate and what are its basic assumptions. I sam picking up pieces about it in my search for objective sources.  I looked at a highschool biology text thinking I can get a good basic understanding. It spends an inordinate amount of time arguing about creation. I thought creation was not to be taught? It seems unfair to teach a one sided debate.
From what I have read on K-Ar dating there is one other assumption. That one must start at zero. If it starts at greater than zero it is worse. I read one article by a geologist that used K-Ar dating to date the most recent dome in Mt. St. Helens. It came up as about .35 million years old. Ridiculous given that it is about a couple of decades old at the time.  Here is one website that I have researched that appears only loosely tied to the theory of creation. They may be more strongly tied than I think as I did not spend an inordinate amount of time there. They have much from the scientific literature to consider though.  Science against evolution
oops. Sorry, it did not come from a christian school. It was a public school. I have seen the same text used in freshman biology classes in several universities I have visited. It is a Helen Curtis Text.
Right. That was probably Steve Austin (Nevins) of the ICR. The principle is similar to that demonstrated in a real scientific paper that yielded two different dates in the millions of years from lava of known age - about 800 years. It seems to be where the creationists got the idea of how to misdate volcanic flows, a technique that they have used on more than one occasion to support their claims and dupe followers. They are (or at least should be) aware of why their techniques are bogus.  The paper is frequently cited by creationists as evidence of the unreliability of radiometric dating - therefore the earth is young and the Bible is correct. What creationists don't tell you is the point of the paper was that careless and uneducated selection of samples can lead to ages much older than the real age of the lava flow. What the paper did was to intentionally select mafic inclusions (i.e., rocks that had been carried in the lava flow but that were not liquified themselves) and date them. Obviously these inclusions were picked up from the older rock through which the lava was flowing so the dates obtained were much older than the actual flow. As I said, creationists often cite this paper, repeating the incongruent dates as evidence of a young earth. What they never mention is the stated purpose of the paper.   You can find a discussion of this little stunt by Austin in Dr. Henke's paper, Young-Earth Creationist 'Dating' of a Mt. St. Helens Dacite: The Failure of Austin and Swenson to Recognize Obviously Ancient Minerals. Be sure and check the links to further information in the second paragraph. They may give you some more solid foundation in understanding what is going on. Tim Thompson's A Radiometric Dating Resource List is an extremely valuable shortcut to information on the topic. Thompson is a planetary physicist at JPL. Also mentioned is Joe Meert, a professor of Geology at U. of Florida and a web friend of mine that I have known for probably more than a decade. I have also met Dr. Henke on the web. All three of these men contribute to a site that I have contributed to in the past.  But back to the topic. Notice that Austin dated the lava in the dome at Mount St. Helens. I believe that (and geologists please correct me if I am wrong) domes are formed by incompletely liquified lava. They grow slowly from lava that is more like toothpaste (harder in fact) than the rapid flows of glowing lava typical of some volcanos in Hawaii. Older and incompletely melted rocks are quite common in the domes of dormant volcanos. It is the complete melting of the lava that allows the Argon to escape, thereby resetting the radiometric clock.  "There are 339 isotopes of 84 elements found in nature. Of these, 269 are stable the remaining 70 are radioactive. Eighteen of the radioactive isotopes have long half-lives and have survived since the elements of the Solar System were manufactured. These long lived radioactive nuclides are the basis for radiometric dating. The remaining 52 radioactive isotopes have short half-lives but are continuously created by nuclear reactions in nature or by decay of the long-lived radioactive isotopes."  The above is from The Age of the Earth by G. Brent Dalrymple. Dr. Dalrymple is a research geologist with the United States Geological Survey. I recommend the book to anyone interested in the geological evidence used to determine the age of the earth and that is extensively used in paleontology. K-Ar dating is explained on pp. 90-94.  Especially interesting to me was isochron dating. By this method several radioactive isotope dating methods using isotopes with different half-lives are used to date a single sample. After some concentration I understood how the method works, but I couldn't explain it to you. When done correctly, the method yields a plot of a straight line. The point at which the line crosses the y-axis of the graph is an indication of the age of the sample. If the plot is not a straight line, then it has been contaminated or subjected to heat that has reset one or more of the isotopes used and the dates are unreliable and are rejected.  Anyone interested in learning about the dating methods used by geologists should read the book. I must warn you - it isn't an easy read being quite technical.  By the way, an indication that the web site that you link is either deceptive or ignorant or can be found in the first paragraph. "...objective is to make the general public aware that the theory of evolution is not consistent with physical evidence and is no longer a respectable theory describing the origin of life." As has been pointed out to you, no doubt, evolution is not a theory of the origin of life. Evolution is a theory (actually a complex suite of theories) that explains the mechanisms that cause changes in already living things. And of course, evolutionary theories are perfectly consistent with physical evidence and still the best explanation we have for that observed evidence. In fact, about 95% of scientists accept the theory of evolution as being substantially correct - of that more than 99% of biologists and geologists are also evolutionists.  Good luck in your studies, but I would suggest that you are going about it the wrong way. It seems that you have formed your conclusions based on some idea of revelation before you have even examined the evidence. Possibly you should begin with the evidence and see where that leads. It is futile to keep trying to distort the evidence to fit the conclusions.  Pandion: This is the most cogent and useful information I have seen to date. I appreciate your temperment here. I do not wish to engage in throwing insults with you.  I am looking at things from the data point of view. My original point was not that evolution is wrong or that creation is right, it is simply that we should be teaching the data and asking others to look at it objectively.   The problem I am running into in doing my research is that it is difficult to find an unbiased source anywhere. If I look at sites that discuss evolution, they invariably attack the point of creation. If I look at sites that offer evidence against evolution they are invariably from a creationist view point.   This is why I went back to a high school biology text. Yet it also attacked the creation issue. If evolution is not about creation etc, then why do they keep doing that?  Do you know of an objective source where I can do some research on the subject that provides me with data from both sides and then the raw data to for informational purposes?  I like the concept of evolution being a mass of complex theories. I appreciate that you call it theory. I know too many that call it a fact and that we should just quit arguing about it.
And while I'm in this thread, I'm still wondering about what "original" works of Gould epaphras_faith read where Gould said that there were no transitional fossils. I was quite insulted (perhaps an overreaction) to the implication that I would address what Gould had said or what he meant without having read his original work. I suspect that whichever of his books epaphras_faith may have read that gave him that idea, EF misunderstood Gould's point.  I again offer to re-read that particular essay (since I probably own it) and place it in context for EF. I don't understand the lack of response.  Perhaps EF doesn't read anything that I post anymore and someone else could bring my offer to him. I also notice that he is conspicusouly absent from the Archaeopteryx thread. He made the assertions and it seems that he is unwilling to either support them or to admit error. Why is that?  I will do my best: Here is the information that I used to come to my conclusion: I am having to type it in so no comments about my spelling. It is in PDF but appears to be a scanned document.  Speciation: 5, Punctuated Equilibria: An alternative to phyletic gradualism.  pages 91 and 92 (of my copy), "our current textbooks have changed the argument not at all. Moore, Lalicker and Fischer (1952 p. 30), in listing the fossil record among 'evidence of evolution' have only this to say about it: 'Although lack of knowledge is immeasurably greater than knowledge, many linneages among fossils of various groups have been firmly established. These demonstrate the transformation of one species or genus into another and thus constiture documentary evidence of gradual evolution.' And Easton (1960 p. 34) citing the apotheosis of our acheivements, writes: 'An evolutionary series represents the peak of scientific accomplishment in morphological changes among related creatures during successive intervals of time.   That these older texts hold so strongly to phyletic gradualism should surprise no one; harder to understand is the fact that virtually all modern texts repeat the same arguments even thought their warrant had disappeared as we shall now show, with the advent of the allopatric theory of speciation."   They then go on to discuss that very theory.  On page 83 of this document they state :  "In this paper we shall argue: (1) The expectations of theory color perception to such a degree that new notions seldom arise from facts collected under their influence before facts can be seen in different perspective."  As I understand this, they are stating merely what I have been stating which is, evolution is an assumption which colors the way the data is perceived. Instead it is important to look at the data and draw conclusions.  Bootfitter and I began a discussion in another thread that moved here as it more properly belonged here.   "(3) The theory of allopatric (or geographic) speciation suggests a different interpretation of the paleontological data. If new species arise very rapidly in small peripherally isolated local populations, then the great expectation of insensibly graded fossil sequesnces is a chimera. A new species does not evolve in the area of its ancestors; it does not arise from the slow transformation of all its forbears. Many breaks in the fossil record are real."  If a new species does not evolve in the geographic region of its ancestor where then does it come from. It would seem like it would have to at least to some extent otherwise there would be nothing to evolve from. This one is one I am unclear on. I would actually appreciate some enlightenment on this one.  Now, Pandion, can you please respond to me without putting me down for not having a PhD in biology, paleontology or etc? I certainly did not intend to insult you with stating that you may not have considered the context. Gould even explains that most evolutionists (at that time) stuck to one vein of thinking and it colored their interpretation of the data.
Shoot, EF. Do you know what you've got there?  Eldredge, N. & Gould, S.J. "Punctuated equilibria: an alternative to phyletic gradualism" (1972) pp 82-115 in "Models in paleobiology", edited by Schopf, TJM Freeman, Cooper & Co, San Francisco.  That's the original 1972 paper in which Eldredge and Gould proposed punk eek. I can understand why you may have misunderstood what they were saying. A lot of biologists misunderstood. The paper caused quite a debate and there are still some who don't accept it.  But what I know about punk eek is colored by some of those more recent discussions and debates. It isn't as far out as it may seem, and I seem to recall that somewhere Gould even admited that he and Eldredge over stated their position a bit, thinking that the discussion would bring about a less strongly unconventional statement of their theory.  I'll go back and read it again with a thought to the assertion that "there are no transitional fossils."  You answered your own question, by the way.  Just above that you quoted: "If new species arise very rapidly in small peripherally isolated local populations,..." The idea was first expressed by Darwin himself in "Origin" in chapter (mumble-mumble). Later Mayr and Dobzhansky suggested the same, and then Eldredge and Gould gave the idea a name.  Thank you for the full reference. It was difficult to get what they were going on about. And apparrently many did misinterpret it. One can see why I might claim that they backpeddled later on.   I look forward to your reply.  Also, Earlier, I asked if you knew of objective sources. I actually think Gould et al. had a pretty good idea that we should evaluate data without the preconceived notions coloring our conclusions. They were right in stating that everyone was holding to gradual speciation and therefor colored their interpretation of the data.  Thanks
Thank you for the explanation. That was helpful indeed. Frankly, as a creationist (christian really) I am not certain what to do with evolution. The bible does give an origin of the species. I am not certain that evolution adequately explains it.   As I see things, there are three camps, 1) creation completely and uniquely for all animals and man and the earth, stars planets etc. 2)Evolution, life created by accident with idividual species arising over time. 3)Creation then evolution as many would say. God began it all and then set things in motion.  I see another alternative. I see the data poining towards natural selection, although I don't know much about population statistics to discover what would be required for the vast number of species to arise that currently populate the planet (ants and roaches come to mind). I also see that God created the heavens and the earth and that man is unique and distinct from the animals on this planet, but that natural selection, and evolution are not adequately explained in the bible nor were they ever intended to be.  I have been reading some more on evolution, unfortunately most of information is old. Are there good paleontological modern references I might peruse?  {edited for some spelling}
Actually, from what I see, Genesis in particular is an allegory. You do know the hebrew puns about adam, adamah and edom, as well as the name for eve (HAVVAH in hebrew) meaning life, and it being a pun because the hebrew for love is ahavvah??)  If you look at genesis in the hebrew, it says that god created '(formed, as a potter forms clay), man out of red dust) (clay).. which is a pun on edom (Blood), so, if you follow the puns, it says that God formed man out of flesh and blood, and give him life and love as a compagion. It doesn't say HOW he did it, it just says that was done.  If god formed man out of flesh and blood (which the puns indicate), evolution is not contridicting that.  I believe you are essentially correct on the translational possibilities. However, I am not certain of the interpretation within the context of scripture and the book of genesis as a whole. I will need to look more closely at it. As I said, I think I am still on the fence for the time being.
I think I am going to have to bow out for now on this thread.  Pandion:  I do hope we can have further interactions. I would like to hear your analysis of the 72 Gould paper. I take it that you are in the Biz, so to speak.  EF
Ha, CS being stupid. Or could it be the fact that you aren't satisfied with the fact that creation is more than just possible or theoretical, but actually has evidence to support it and the Bible? I don't consider myself to be a Biology major, but really how long are you going to argue over this subject? We could spend eternity arguing faith vs logic, science vs creation, and end up exactly where we started.   Fact: Most Christians have accepted Jesus Christ and the Bible as truth not because of it being "a crutch for the weak and ignorant", but because of the peace, joy and happiness of what Jesus brings to the soul.  Christians believe in Creation because it's a close spiritual conviction and belief in a God who holds supreme power.  To argue against these is foolish because you can't fight one's conscience or faith.  Fact: Evolutionist/Scientist/and whatever you wish to be called, you long for the fact that not so much for your "science" to be proven right, but simply to have a guaranteed peaceful sleep that you won't have to face consequences for the sins in your life.  As for Creationist not believing in science, or can't except science because it contradicts their beliefs is simply an ignorant Creationist. I believe science was a gift, just as mathematics, music, and love. God gave us the brain we use, why would he not make us fit to be able to survive in the world? I know some of you on this board are like super genius biologist or at least act like it and I applaud your seek for knowledge, but I don't need to know every aspect of Biology to be satisfied or to solidify my faith in God or his Power. Do I claim to know the answer to every doctrinal aspect of the Bible? No. I simply have seen, figuratively, move in people's lives and make them for the better.  As for the political abuse of religion and all the other garbage, I agree it has tainted the view of religion, but that should not diminish one's faith. Even in Jesus's time, he often disputed with the Pharisees and Saudicees. Anyways, I kind of got off topic, if it helps you sleep at night to mock and scoff at those who have a belief in God and his Creation, then all the good for you. However, don't make a topic acting arrogantly presuming you have foiund the key to disprove creation, or else you would be much to busy to be sitting online to post this thread. Thank you and God Bless....
A fool has said in his heart that God does not exist.
The problem with so-called creation science is that it isn't actually science. Science aims to look at the evidence with an open mind and see what fits. Creation science starts with a theory and then picks the evidence to fit it. It's the difference between receiving intelligence and then deciding what to do, and deciding to invade Iraq and looking for intelligence sources that give you justification.  All science starts with a presupposition. Evolution presupposes naturalism. One has to start somewhere even if you are sure you are wrong.  Science means to know. We owe the vast majority of modern scientific knowledge to people likw Pasteur and Boyles that started with the presupposition on a supernatural creator.  A great deal of our knowledge of DNA came from Dr. Crick who believes we evolved from organisms from outer space.  Science is science. To say that all scientist do not start with a presupposition is naive.
Well, the now late Dr Crick can have all the odd ideas he wants, but unless it is backed up by evidence, it isn't science.  Yes, naturalism is a presupposition. On the other hand, it works. It makes predictions and it lets us do such things as make the very computer you are using. What kind of verifiable and repeatable predictions supernaturalism makes?? I guess if you can say Cricks beliefs had anything to do with his science then the Wright Brothers invented powered flight because they believed in supernaturalism.  Please explain what naturalistic process created computers? I was under the impression they were designed by humans. My mistake.  The laws of nature are observed . It would make as much sense to say in the absense of light you predict it would be more difficult to see .
DO you know what 'naturalism' is? Naturalism is the concept that there are natural (i.e. non-supernatural) explainations for the way the universe works.  The 'naturalistic' way that computers were designed was through electronic theory, from the use of quantum mechanics, and from the assumtion that there are natural explainations for electricity and how material compenents are made.   I suppose this will go right over your head though. When you type, I get this impression of a wheel spinning, but the hamster being dead.   You seem to have lots of visions.  Computers were designed . That means they did not occur naturally.
I will try get somebody to agree with me one last time.  If creation science bamboozles someone they are simply have no ability at science and none of there views on science will ever be worth anything. Does anyone actually no a human being that could not see through creation science all by themselves and has opinions on science you consider worthwhile. Currently most people think I am the opposite, I can see through creation science but my opinions about science are not worth anything ;)  Albert Einstein, for one, believed in God. But ya know, he's only the most noted physicist of all time. Perhaps you would feel better about your misconception were I to stop there. You could perhaps say that Einstein didn't really have a clue about the universe. Then I would offer you this list of chronological order including ten other of the most notable scientists in history. I honestly hope this ruins your day, but I doubt you're smart enough for that. This is copied and pasted from http://www.godandscience.org/apologetics/sciencefaith.html  1) Nicholas Copernicus (1473-1543) Copernicus was the Polish astronomer who put forward the first mathematically based system of planets going around the sun. He attended various European universities, and became a Canon in the Catholic church in 1497. His new system was actually first presented in the Vatican gardens in 1533 before Pope Clement VII who approved, and Copernicus was urged to publish around this time. Copernicus was never under any threat of religious persecution - and was urged to publish both by Catholic Bishop Guise, Cardinal Schonberg, and the Protestant Professor George Rheticus. Copernicus referred sometimes to God in his works, and did not see his system as in conflict with the Bible.   2) Johannes Kepler (1571-1630) Kepler was a brilliant mathematician and astronomer. He did early work on light, and established the laws of planetary motion about the sun. He also came close to reaching the Newtonian concept of universal gravity - well before Newton was born! His introduction of the idea of force in astronomy changed it radically in a modern direction. Kepler was an extremely sincere and pious Lutheran, whose works on astronomy contain writings about how space and the heavenly bodies represent the Trinity. Kepler suffered no persecution for his open avowal of the sun-centered system, and, indeed, was allowed as a Protestant to stay in Catholic Graz as a Professor (1595-1600) when other Protestants had been expelled!   3) Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) Galileo is often remembered for his conflict with the Roman Catholic Church. His controversial work on the solar system was published in 1633. It had no proofs of a sun-centered system (Galileo's telescope discoveries did not indicate a moving earth) and his one "proof" based upon the tides was invalid. It ignored the correct elliptical orbits of planets published twenty five years earlier by Kepler. Since his work finished by putting the Pope's favorite argument in the mouth of the simpleton in the dialogue, the Pope (an old friend of Galileo's) was very offended. After the "trial" and being forbidden to teach the sun-centered system, Galileo did his most useful theoretical work, which was on dynamics. Galileo expressly said that the Bible cannot err, he saw his system as concerning the issue of how the Bible should be interpreted.   4) Rene Descartes (1596-1650) Descartes was a French mathematician, scientist and philosopher who has been called the father of modern philosophy. His school studies made him dissatisfied with previous philosophy: He had a deep religious faith as a Catholic, which he retained to his dying day, along with a resolute, passionate desire to discover the truth. At the age of 24 he had a dream, and felt the vocational call to seek to bring knowledge together in one system of thought. His system began by asking what could be known if all else were doubted - suggesting the famous "I think therefore I am". Actually, it is often forgotten that the next step for Descartes was to establish the near certainty of the existence of God - for only if God both exists and would not want us to be deceived by our experiences can we trust our senses and logical thought processes. God is, therefore, central to his whole philosophy. What he really wanted was to see his philosophy adopted as standard Catholic teaching. Rene Descartes and Francis Bacon (1561-1626) are generally regarded as the key figures in the development of scientific methodology. Both had systems in which God was important, and both seem more devout than the average for their era.   5) Isaac Newton (1642-1727) In optics, mechanics, and mathematics, Newton was a figure of undisputed genius and innovation. In all his science (including chemistry) he saw mathematics and numbers as central. What is less well known is that he was devoutly religious and saw numbers as involved in understanding from the Bible God's plan for history. He did a lot of work on biblical numerology, and, though aspects of his beliefs were not orthodox, he thought theology very important. In his system of physics, God is essential to the nature and absoluteness of space. In Principia he stated, "The most beautiful system of the sun, planets, and comets, could only proceed from the counsel and dominion on an intelligent and powerful Being."   6) Robert Boyle (1791-1867) One of the founders and key early members of the Royal Society, Boyle gave his name to "Boyle's Law" for gasses, and also wrote an important work on chemistry. The Encyclopedia Britannica says of him: "By his will he endowed a series of Boyle lectures, or sermons, which still continue, "for proving the Christian religion against notorious infidels."... As a devout Protestant, Boyle took a special interest in promoting the Christian religion abroad, giving money to translate and publish the New Testament into Irish and Turkish. In 1690 he developed his theological views in The Christian Virtuoso, which he wrote to show that the study of nature was a central religious duty." Boyle wrote against atheists in his day (the notion that atheism is a modern invention is a myth), and was clearly much more devoutly Christian than the average in his era.   7) Michael Faraday (1791-1867) The son of a blacksmith who became one of the greatest scientists of the 19th century. His work on electricity and magnetism not only revolutionized physics, but has led to so much in our lifestyles today which depend on them (including computers and telephone lines and so Web sites). Faraday was a devoutly Christian member of the Sandemanians, which significantly influenced upon him and strongly affected the way in which he approached and interpreted nature. The Sandemanians originated from Presbyterians who had rejected the idea of state churches, and tried to go back to a New Testament type of Christianity.   8) Gregor Mendel (1822-1884) Mendel was the first to lay the mathematical foundations of genetics, in what came to be called "Mendelianism". He began his research in 1856 (three years before Darwin published his Origin of Species) in the garden of the Monastery in which he was a monk. Mendel was elected Abbot of his Monastery in 1868. His work remained comparatively unknown until the turn of the century, when a new generation of botanists began finding similar results and "rediscovered" him (though their ideas were not identical to his). An interesting point is that the 1860's was the formation of the X-Club, dedicated to lessening religious influences and propagating an image of "conflict" between science and religion. One sympathizer was Darwin's cousin Francis Galton, whose scientific interest was in genetics (a proponent of eugenics - selective breeding among humans to "improve" the stock). He was writing how the "priestly mind" was not conducive to science whilst, at around the same time, an Austrian monk was making the breakthrough in genetics. The rediscovery of the work of Mendel came too late to affect Galton's contribution.   9) Kelvin (William Thompson) (1824-1907) Kelvin was foremost among the small group of British scientists who helped to lay the foundations of modern physics. His work covered may areas of physics, and he was said to have more letters after his name than anyone else in the Commonwealth, since he received numerous honorary degrees from European Universities who recognized the value of his work. He was a very committed Christian, certainly more religious than the average for his era. Interestingly, his fellow physicists George Gabriel Stokes (1819-1903) and James Clerk Maxwell (1831-1879) were also men of deep Christian commitment, in an era when many were nominal, apathetic, or anti-Christian. The Encyclopedia Britannica says "Maxwell is regarded by most modern physicists as the scientist of the 19th century who had the greatest influence on 20th century physics; he is ranked with Sir Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein for the fundamental nature of his contributions." Lord Kelvin was an Old Earth creationist, who estimated the Earth's age to be somewhere between 20 million and 100 million years, with an upper limit at 500 million years based on cooling rates (a low estimate due to his lack of knowledge about radiogenic heating).   10) Max Planck (1858-1947) Planck made many contributions to physics, but is best known for quantum theory, which has revolutionized our understanding of the atomic and sub-atomic worlds. In his 1937 lecture "Religion and Naturwissenschaft," Planck expressed the view that God is everywhere present, and held that "the holiness of the unintelligible Godhead is conveyed by the holiness of symbols." Atheists, he thought, attach too much importance to what are merely symbols. Planck was a churchwarden from 1920 until his death, and believed in an almighty, all-knowing, beneficent God (though not necessarily a personal one). Both science and religion wage a "tireless battle against skepticism and dogmatism, against unbelief and superstition" with the goal "toward God!"   11) Albert Einstein (1879-1955) Einstein is probably the best known and most highly revered scientist of the twentieth century, and is associated with major revolutions in our thinking about time, gravity, and the conversion of matter to energy (E=mc2). Although never coming to belief in a personal God, he recognized the impossibility of a non-created universe. The Encyclopedia Britannica says of him: "Firmly denying atheism, Einstein expressed a belief in "Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the harmony of what exists." This actually motivated his interest in science, as he once remarked to a young physicist: "I want to know how God created this world, I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thoughts, the rest are details." Einstein's famous epithet on the "uncertainty principle" was "God does not play dice" - and to him this was a real statement about a God in whom he believed. A famous saying of his was "Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind."  Just one more thing. Learn how to spell the word "know." You XXXXX :P.
However, they were designed using naturalism as the methodology for the principles behind them.   You seem to have a strong lack of vision.  That makes no sense. What is naturalistic about computers?
Albert Einstein, for one, believed in God. But ya know, he's only the most noted physicist of all time. Perhaps you would feel better about your misconception were I to stop there. You could perhaps say that Einstein didn't really have a clue about the universe. Then I would offer you this list of chronological order including ten other of the most notable scientists in history. I honestly hope this ruins your day, but I doubt you're smart enough for that. This is copied and pasted from http://www.godandscience.org/apologetics/sciencefaith.html  1) Nicholas Copernicus (1473-1543) Copernicus was the Polish astronomer who put forward the first mathematically based system of planets going around the sun. He attended various European universities, and became a Canon in the Catholic church in 1497. His new system was actually first presented in the Vatican gardens in 1533 before Pope Clement VII who approved, and Copernicus was urged to publish around this time. Copernicus was never under any threat of religious persecution - and was urged to publish both by Catholic Bishop Guise, Cardinal Schonberg, and the Protestant Professor George Rheticus. Copernicus referred sometimes to God in his works, and did not see his system as in conflict with the Bible.   2) Johannes Kepler (1571-1630) Kepler was a brilliant mathematician and astronomer. He did early work on light, and established the laws of planetary motion about the sun. He also came close to reaching the Newtonian concept of universal gravity - well before Newton was born! His introduction of the idea of force in astronomy changed it radically in a modern direction. Kepler was an extremely sincere and pious Lutheran, whose works on astronomy contain writings about how space and the heavenly bodies represent the Trinity. Kepler suffered no persecution for his open avowal of the sun-centered system, and, indeed, was allowed as a Protestant to stay in Catholic Graz as a Professor (1595-1600) when other Protestants had been expelled!   3) Galileo Galilei (1564-1642) Galileo is often remembered for his conflict with the Roman Catholic Church. His controversial work on the solar system was published in 1633. It had no proofs of a sun-centered system (Galileo's telescope discoveries did not indicate a moving earth) and his one "proof" based upon the tides was invalid. It ignored the correct elliptical orbits of planets published twenty five years earlier by Kepler. Since his work finished by putting the Pope's favorite argument in the mouth of the simpleton in the dialogue, the Pope (an old friend of Galileo's) was very offended. After the "trial" and being forbidden to teach the sun-centered system, Galileo did his most useful theoretical work, which was on dynamics. Galileo expressly said that the Bible cannot err, he saw his system as concerning the issue of how the Bible should be interpreted.   4) Rene Descartes (1596-1650) Descartes was a French mathematician, scientist and philosopher who has been called the father of modern philosophy. His school studies made him dissatisfied with previous philosophy: He had a deep religious faith as a Catholic, which he retained to his dying day, along with a resolute, passionate desire to discover the truth. At the age of 24 he had a dream, and felt the vocational call to seek to bring knowledge together in one system of thought. His system began by asking what could be known if all else were doubted - suggesting the famous "I think therefore I am". Actually, it is often forgotten that the next step for Descartes was to establish the near certainty of the existence of God - for only if God both exists and would not want us to be deceived by our experiences can we trust our senses and logical thought processes. God is, therefore, central to his whole philosophy. What he really wanted was to see his philosophy adopted as standard Catholic teaching. Rene Descartes and Francis Bacon (1561-1626) are generally regarded as the key figures in the development of scientific methodology. Both had systems in which God was important, and both seem more devout than the average for their era.   5) Isaac Newton (1642-1727) In optics, mechanics, and mathematics, Newton was a figure of undisputed genius and innovation. In all his science (including chemistry) he saw mathematics and numbers as central. What is less well known is that he was devoutly religious and saw numbers as involved in understanding from the Bible God's plan for history. He did a lot of work on biblical numerology, and, though aspects of his beliefs were not orthodox, he thought theology very important. In his system of physics, God is essential to the nature and absoluteness of space. In Principia he stated, "The most beautiful system of the sun, planets, and comets, could only proceed from the counsel and dominion on an intelligent and powerful Being."   6) Robert Boyle (1791-1867) One of the founders and key early members of the Royal Society, Boyle gave his name to "Boyle's Law" for gasses, and also wrote an important work on chemistry. The Encyclopedia Britannica says of him: "By his will he endowed a series of Boyle lectures, or sermons, which still continue, "for proving the Christian religion against notorious infidels."... As a devout Protestant, Boyle took a special interest in promoting the Christian religion abroad, giving money to translate and publish the New Testament into Irish and Turkish. In 1690 he developed his theological views in The Christian Virtuoso, which he wrote to show that the study of nature was a central religious duty." Boyle wrote against atheists in his day (the notion that atheism is a modern invention is a myth), and was clearly much more devoutly Christian than the average in his era.   7) Michael Faraday (1791-1867) The son of a blacksmith who became one of the greatest scientists of the 19th century. His work on electricity and magnetism not only revolutionized physics, but has led to so much in our lifestyles today which depend on them (including computers and telephone lines and so Web sites). Faraday was a devoutly Christian member of the Sandemanians, which significantly influenced upon him and strongly affected the way in which he approached and interpreted nature. The Sandemanians originated from Presbyterians who had rejected the idea of state churches, and tried to go back to a New Testament type of Christianity.   8) Gregor Mendel (1822-1884) Mendel was the first to lay the mathematical foundations of genetics, in what came to be called "Mendelianism". He began his research in 1856 (three years before Darwin published his Origin of Species) in the garden of the Monastery in which he was a monk. Mendel was elected Abbot of his Monastery in 1868. His work remained comparatively unknown until the turn of the century, when a new generation of botanists began finding similar results and "rediscovered" him (though their ideas were not identical to his). An interesting point is that the 1860's was the formation of the X-Club, dedicated to lessening religious influences and propagating an image of "conflict" between science and religion. One sympathizer was Darwin's cousin Francis Galton, whose scientific interest was in genetics (a proponent of eugenics - selective breeding among humans to "improve" the stock). He was writing how the "priestly mind" was not conducive to science whilst, at around the same time, an Austrian monk was making the breakthrough in genetics. The rediscovery of the work of Mendel came too late to affect Galton's contribution.   9) Kelvin (William Thompson) (1824-1907) Kelvin was foremost among the small group of British scientists who helped to lay the foundations of modern physics. His work covered may areas of physics, and he was said to have more letters after his name than anyone else in the Commonwealth, since he received numerous honorary degrees from European Universities who recognized the value of his work. He was a very committed Christian, certainly more religious than the average for his era. Interestingly, his fellow physicists George Gabriel Stokes (1819-1903) and James Clerk Maxwell (1831-1879) were also men of deep Christian commitment, in an era when many were nominal, apathetic, or anti-Christian. The Encyclopedia Britannica says "Maxwell is regarded by most modern physicists as the scientist of the 19th century who had the greatest influence on 20th century physics; he is ranked with Sir Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein for the fundamental nature of his contributions." Lord Kelvin was an Old Earth creationist, who estimated the Earth's age to be somewhere between 20 million and 100 million years, with an upper limit at 500 million years based on cooling rates (a low estimate due to his lack of knowledge about radiogenic heating).   10) Max Planck (1858-1947) Planck made many contributions to physics, but is best known for quantum theory, which has revolutionized our understanding of the atomic and sub-atomic worlds. In his 1937 lecture "Religion and Naturwissenschaft," Planck expressed the view that God is everywhere present, and held that "the holiness of the unintelligible Godhead is conveyed by the holiness of symbols." Atheists, he thought, attach too much importance to what are merely symbols. Planck was a churchwarden from 1920 until his death, and believed in an almighty, all-knowing, beneficent God (though not necessarily a personal one). Both science and religion wage a "tireless battle against skepticism and dogmatism, against unbelief and superstition" with the goal "toward God!"   11) Albert Einstein (1879-1955) Einstein is probably the best known and most highly revered scientist of the twentieth century, and is associated with major revolutions in our thinking about time, gravity, and the conversion of matter to energy (E=mc2). Although never coming to belief in a personal God, he recognized the impossibility of a non-created universe. The Encyclopedia Britannica says of him: "Firmly denying atheism, Einstein expressed a belief in "Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the harmony of what exists." This actually motivated his interest in science, as he once remarked to a young physicist: "I want to know how God created this world, I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thoughts, the rest are details." Einstein's famous epithet on the "uncertainty principle" was "God does not play dice" - and to him this was a real statement about a God in whom he believed. A famous saying of his was "Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind."  Just one more thing. Learn how to spell the word "know." You XXXXX :P.  Sticks and stones. How old are you?
peddler8111, I don't think you read his post correctly. How does one read incorrectly?
It appears he is unable to read things in context. That seems to be a common failure amoung creationists.  You don't seem to be able to do anything but name call , common among evolutionist. If someone disagrees they just don't understand.
You are still thinking that "naturalism", means naturally occuring.  However, he explained that naturalism means:    How computers work require no supernatural explanations (ie, its magic).   They do require intelligent design do they not?
DO you know what 'naturalism' is? Naturalism is the concept that there are natural (i.e. non-supernatural) explainations for the way the universe works.  The 'naturalistic' way that computers were designed was through electronic theory, from the use of quantum mechanics, and from the assumtion that there are natural explainations for electricity and how material compenents are made.   I suppose this will go right over your head though. When you type, I get this impression of a wheel spinning, but the hamster being dead.  Did you know that naturalism has to explain  Origins  but it cannot.
Computers do.  Life does not, since they are self replicating molecules that go through a filter known as 'natural selection'.  Facinating! So what you are saying is there is such a thing as pre-biotic natural selection? The study of how dead things evolve?  Would that be described as survival of the least dead? emoticon_rolleyes
And you think religion can? I think that was a rhetorical question.  If man cannot create a grain of sand from nothing there must be an intelligence greater than his that can.
This is just stupid.    This is two fallacious arguments in one.  What is fallacious about pre-biotic natural selection?-it is your religion not mine.
Please read more carefully. My first statment responds to your first quotation. My second statement responds to your second quotation.    I think this explains itself.  Belief in and reverence for a supernatural power or powers regarded as creator and governor of the universe.  A personal or institutionalized system grounded in such belief and worship.  The life or condition of a person in a religious order.  A set of beliefs, values, and practices based on the teachings of a spiritual leader.  A cause, principle, or activity pursued with zeal or conscientious devotion. 
Devotion? Present me with evidence against natural selection, and presents another theory and I will reconsider. Natural selection is an observable fact of science. It is it's extrapolation that is science fiction. Give peer reviewed documentation of the observance of any animal become something else. Ability to breed or not is irrelavant. Macro-evolution-common ancestry senario has no evidence at all that is irrefutable. If it was true the evidence would be overwhelming , even Darwin admitted that.  You cry strawman but you make them all the time as evidence by this post.  No one disbelieves in natural selection , the disagreement is about it's unobservable extrapolation.
Oh dear, a creationst who has attempted to read up on evolution. A living example of the old saying "a little knowledge is dangerous". Evolution (macro or micro, makes no difference) is not an extrapolation of natural selection. Natural selection is the most likely mechanism for explaining how evolution occurs. Attempted? . I have studied it for years , more than you have been alive I would guess.  On the other hand I question your knowledge on the subject. No one believes natural selection is the primary force for evolutionary change anymore. RMNS , punctuated equilibrium. If there are any experianced evolutionist here they should be correcting you.  The statement there is no difference in micro and macro evolution is absurd.
Considering you 'studied it for years', your understanding of it is woefully poor. Be specific. It is your contention that anyone who truly understands it believes in it . Anyone who thinks that most evolutionist still believe natural selection is the primary cause of evolutionary change is living in the past. Random mutations + Natural selection seems to be the most popular now. Here's a question for you. What "scientist " created his own molecule and his own species of ape?
RMNS Random Mutations + Natural selection.  Darwins theory was based on the extapolation of this ideas he borrowed without acknowledgement from Blyth and at least one other.   Again if macro-evolution is true , regardless of which process you choose -puntuated eqilibrium {rapid changes in isolated populations} Random Mutations + Natural Selection or the In a Galaxy Far Far Away theory then there should be numberless transistional forms to back it up. Give me one peer reviewed document proving macro-evolution.  If you want to argue Haldane's Dilema go talk to Walter Dembreski over at Baylor. He enjoys that arguement.
You do realise that you mentioned "Random mutations + natural selection" (That is, 2 causes) as the "primary" cause of evolutionary change claiming anyone who thinks natural selection is the primary cause is living in the past?  I'm sorry, but I doubt you even knew what RMNS even stood for before you posted it, otherwise you would have realised how idiotic your statement sounded before you made it.   RM+NS is used as an explanation for evolutionary change. It is considered one theory by many evolutionist -what is your point?   Your statement about punctuated equilibrium is also nonsensical, it makes no sense in the context you used it, as an alternative to natural selection. I therefore doubt you know what it means.  It is a less embarrassing term or the hopeful monster theory. Gould coined it to describe rapid change in isolated populations . He was a zoooligist and a geologist and knew the slow gradual change story was absurd. Is that close enough ?  I seriously doubt you have been studying evolution for years. I seriously doubt you have studied it at all  None. This demonstrates that creating an ape from nothing is impossible, and therefore it must have evolved instead emoticon_rolleyes  What this demonstrates that you failed to study the history of evolutionary theory. If you had you would be aware I was refering to Haeckel. His fake drawings are in your textbooks. That was one of his minor frauds. No branch of science has produced frauds like evolution has , not even close. Most of them are in the form of suppresed evidence of men and their supposed ancestors living at the same time.  Ernst Haeckel would have made PT Barnum cringe. Darwin was his biggest fan.
I generally hate posts that are nothing more than cudos without further comment. But in this case, I can't actually think of any further comment that needs to be made.  Therefore, well said Demon38. Haeckel wasn't a fraud. Just wrong. And what he was wrong about was his hypothesis that "ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny." Have either of you actually read Haeckel? He would have made PT Barnum cringe. He made up the molecule callled a morenon to prove cells to people evolution. He created his own half man half ape. His fraudulent drawings of embryos I have attached as well as the morenon. Science has ignored Haeckel since the twenties. Respectable evolutionary scientist abhor and try to forget Haeckel. it is only the religious/politicl faction of Darwinism that defends him. Read the book! The History of Creation by Haeckel , even the title was stolen , this guy is a dirt bag and defending him renders anything you say irrelavant.   Michael Richardson: "he also fudged the scale to exaggerate similarities among species, even when there were 10-fold differences in size. Haeckel further blurred differences by neglecting to name the species in most cases, as if one representative was accurate for an entire group of animals." ... "Haeckel's confession got lost after his drawings were subsequently used in a 1901 book called Darwin and After Darwin and reproduced widely in English language biology texts. (Elizabeth Pennisi, Michael Richardson, 'Haeckel's Embryos: Fraud Rediscovered', Science 277(5331):1435, September 5, 1997.)   "To support his case he [Haeckel] began to fake evidence. Charged with fraud by five professors and convicted by a university court at Jena, he agreed that a small percentage of his embryonic drawings were forgeries; he was merely filling in and reconstructing the missing links when the evidence was thin, and he claimed unblushingly that hundreds of the best observers and biologists lie under the same charge."-*Michael Pitman, Adam and Evolution (1984), p. 120.
Yes, and while your at it, please explain, in your own words, with only the use of everyday English, and with your years of studying evolution, what punctuated equilibrium is, how it works, and give me examples of it. Also explain, how it "replaces" natural selection. In addtion, do not use the "rapid changes in isolated populations" explanation in your description, please. Talk about a straw man! LOL It is a revival of Goldschmidt's Hopeful Monster nonsense.  Gould, Stephen J; "The Return of the Hopeful Monster" Puntuated equilibrium is nonsense to explain the scarcity of even aguably transistional forms amoung the fossils. Basiclly isolated populations must have evolved very quickly in geologic time and that explains the lack of transistionals. It does not work because it is a senario , a what if? , a theory requires some evidence. It contains all the intellectual sophistication of the senario: "What if Superman was on the side of Germany during the war" . Nothing can replace natural selection as it is a fact. Hopeful monster senario is mearly a feeble attempt to account for the nearly complete lack of support for gradual evolutionary change creating new types of animals.
Fraud?!? Still don't understand science, do you...... This was a theory that was proposed by Haeckel in the late 1860's. But by the early 20th century,  "ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny," was falsified. This is exactly how science works, theories are proposed and they stand or fall on the evidence. Haeckel's theory was falsified by the scientific method. And hasn't been evidence for evolution since almost the turn of the century. Now, if these drawings are in textbooks, that's hardly the fault of science. And when I had biology in high school way back in the late 70's, there were none of Haeckels illustrations in my text books......    You're becoming infamous for making sweeping statements and being unable to back them up when pressed! I can think of only 2 frauds in the history of evolutioN. Piltdown man, which wasn't caught for a number of years and archaeoraptor, which was caught in a few months. Yes, Piltdown man is an embarrassment for science, but it was finally caught, decades later. Nothing in the theory of evolution ever hinged on Piltdown man, so this hoax does nothing to falsify evolution. And real scientists finally proved it was a hoax. Archaeoraptor was quickly caught and wouldn't even have made the news if nation Geographic hadn't jumped the gun and published it before it was completely confirmed. So there you go, 2 frauds in 150 years, you say no science has produced frauds like evolution, support your statement and name a couple more that survived peer review for any length of time. If you can't do that, your claim is refuted.    Again, you demonstrate your ignorance of the theory of evolution! Where in the theory of evolution does it say ancestral populations can't be alive at the same time as descendent populations?     Name one fraud perpetrated by Haeckel! Just one! Yes, he was wrong about recapitulation, but it certainly wasn't fraud! And while I doubt Darwin was his biggest fan, what does that have to do with the modern theory of evolution?  Most frauds as most claims by the religious/political wing of Darwinism like Nat Geographic , Nature , The Unscientific Unamerican , Talk Origins etc. are ever presented for peer review let alone pass it . Heres' a fraud for you -the aboriginies that were murdered , skinned , and stained to sell to museums as "missing link" fossils. Of course I doubt they were presented for peer review any more that 99% of the "evidence" for evolution is.  Haeckel -ROFL . It would much more difficult to think of something he published that was not a fraud. Read his books and you will see just how foolish your statement is. He created the morenon -a mythical molecule that he got the idea from bilge water-the ape man-the charts of the different apes that evolved into the different races -imaginary evolutionary trees etc. ad naseum. His most famous -the drawings of embryos I have included as well as the morenon. Read his book-The History of Creation-He pirated the name from thre 1843 book The Natural History of Creation. If I was an evolutionist I would do what the smart ones do -distance myself from Haeckel.
You have yet again demonstrated your extreme ignorance of evolution. Natural selection in no way contradicts punctuated equilibrium. You are demonstrating your lack of reading comprehension skills-I never said that. I said punctuated equilibrium was created to explain the extreme rarity of even possibly transistional fossils. Read Goulds book! Natural selection is a fact of nature. If want to disagree fine but don't claim I said something I did not.
I think that you shoudl read Gould's book. Puntuated equllbrium has nothing to do with the rarity of fossils.  Punctuated equalibrium has to do with the fact that the development of new species comes in spurts.. and is not at a constant rate. I said that was the reason the theory was created not that that was the theory. Read his word's carefully he believed in evolution but being a brilliant geologist he knew the slow gradual change theory was a fairy tale.   "I regard the failure to find a clear 'vector of progress' in life's history as the most puzzling fact of the fossil record... We have sought to impose a pattern that we hoped to find on a world that does not really display it." " Everybody knows the fossil record doesn't provide much evidence for gradualism; it is full of gaps and discontinuities. These gaps are all attributed to the notorious imperfection of the record, but this not an adequate explanation...This remarkable stasis [steadiness] has generally been ignored. If it doesn't agree with your ideas [talking to evolutionists] you don't talk about it." "The evolutionary trees that adorn our textbooks have data only at the tips and nodes of their branches: the rest is inference, however reasonable, not the evidence of the fossils." "Can a reasonable story of continuous change be constructed for all macroevolutionary events [i.e., hopeful monster theory]? My answer shall be no." Dr. Steven Jay Gould 
Why would punctuated equilibrium need to "replace" natural selection, when there is nothing contradictory about them? It was almost a good question. Natural selection cannot be replaced as it is a scientific fact. Punctuated absurdity was created because the extreme rarity of transistional fossils falsifies Darwins theory. Natural selection was not Darwin's theory . He just took credit for it and extrapolated it to explain origins.   .
[QUOTE=Symbiote]The living is not perfect because it is liable to change; the dead is not perfect because it does not live. QUOTE] I like that. iwill use to combat the spontaneous generation nonsense. Thanks
Punctuated equilibrium most certainly is not a revival of Goldschmidt's Hopeful Monster, nor does it replace natural selection. Such statements show quite clearly that you understand neither natural selection, punctuated equilibrium, nor Goldschmidt's theory.  Why do you cite this? Gould wasn't even discussing punctuated equilibrium and he certainly wasn't claiming that it replaced natural selection. Quite the opposite, in fact. It appears that you haven't read your own reference.  You keep making these statements that I said Punctuated absurdity replaced Natural Selection. If you want to discuss this fine if you want to make up what I said that is not fine. The hopeful monster theory was introduced to explain the extreme rarity of so called transistional fossils. Read what Gould said. "I regard the failure to find a clear 'vector of progress' in life's history as the most puzzling fact of the fossil record... We have sought to impose a pattern that we hoped to find on a world that does not really display it." "Everybody knows the fossil record doesn't provide much evidence for gradualism; it is full of gaps and discontinuities. These gaps are all attributed to the notorious imperfection of the record, but this not an adequate explanation...This remarkable stasis [steadiness] has generally been ignored. If it doesn't agree with your ideas [talking to evolutionists] you don't talk about it." "The evolutionary trees that adorn our textbooks have data only at the tips and nodes of their branches: the rest is inference, however reasonable, not the evidence of the fossils." "Can a reasonable story of continuous change be constructed for all macroevolutionary events [i.e., hopeful monster theory]? My answer shall be no." Dr. Steven Jay Gould [/b] Since you claim to know so much it shouldn't be a problem for you to explain what punctuated equilibrium is and how it works. Would you like a reference to the original paper?  It does not work it is pure imagination. The fossil record falsified Darwins theory so they had to make up something. Punctuated Equilibrium is supposed to have happened because of the  lack  of fossil evidence.   Then you aren't aware of the work of Eldredge and Gould that led up to their original paper. I didn't think so. Your years of study and you aren't aware that the theory isn't based on a "what if" scenario. How many years did you say you have been studying evolutionary theory? At what university did you say you studied it?  I did not say . I said I have studied it. Where did you study reading comprehension -pre-school? I read a lot. This would not help you as your reading comprehension skills are non-existant. You must be told what to think as it is obvious you do not know how to.   And yet you cited Gould and don't even know that he wasn't talking about punctuated equilibrium. Obviously you don't know what Gould was discussing.  No. It wasn't. Isn't it a shame that you claim to have studied evolutionary theory and you don't know what the theory of punctuated equilibrium is.  What book are you talking about? Specifically what book do you have in mind?  In regard to your Gould quote, since you have read his "book", I am sure that you are familiar with his comments on the use of his statement as you have done.  Notice that the quote I give has a copyright in 1983. It actually appeared in print in 1981. Your quote appeared in print in 1977. Just think. You are hitching your wagon to comments that Gould made more than 28 years ago.   Was he wrong then-was his intelligence still evolving? Did IT give him a vision 4 years later? You need to explain what he meant about there being almost no evidence for gradualism in the fossils. He felt the same way about geology , it does not show gradualism either.  Gould wrote:   'Charles Lyell was a lawyer by profession, and his book is one of the most brilliant briefs published by an advocate. ... Lyell relied upon true bits of cunning to establish his uniformitarian views as the only true geology. First, he set up a straw man to demolish. In fact, the catastrophists were much more empirically minded than Lyell. The geologic record does seem to require catastrophes: rocks are fractured and contorted; whole faunas are wiped out. To circumvent this literal appearance, Lyell imposed his imagination upon the evidence. The geologic record, he argued, is extremely imperfect and we must interpolate into it what we can reasonably infer but cannot see. The catastrophists were the hard-nosed empiricists of their day, not the blinded theological apologists.     So what book by Gould are you talking about? When you cite an author it is customary to tell where you got the quote.  "The extreme rarity of transitional forms in the fossil record persists as a trade secret of Paleontology. Evolutionary trees that adorn our textbooks have data only at the tips and nodes of their branches; the rest is inference, however reasonable, not the evidence of fossils."   (Dr. Stephan J Gould, Harvard Paleontologist, "Evolution, Erratic Pace")
I will try get somebody to agree with me one last time.  If creation science bamboozles someone they simply have no ability at science and none of there views on science will ever be worth anything.  You couldn't be more wrong.  Public TV programs, educational policy statements, and science textbooks have asserted that Darwin's theory of evolution fully explains the complexity of living things. The public has been assured, most recently by spokespersons for PBS's Evolution series, that "all known scientific evidence supports [Darwinian] evolution" as does "virtually every reputable scientist in the world."  The following scientists dispute the first claim and stand as living testimony in contradiction to the second. There is scientific dissent to Darwinism. It deserves to be heard.  (scientists listed by doctoral degree or current position)  PhD Organic Chemistry-M.I.T., American Chemical Society member Lawrence H. Johnston, Emeritus Prof. of Physics, U. of Idaho Scott Minnich, Prof., Dept of Microbiology, Molecular Biology & Biochemistry, U. of Idaho  David A. DeWitt, PhD Neuroscience-Case Western U.  Theodor Liss, PhD Chemistry-M.I.T.  Braxton Alfred, Emeritus Prof. of Anthropology, U. of British Columbia  Walter Bradley, Prof. Emeritus of Mechanical Engineering, Texas A & M  Paul D. Brown, Asst. Prof. of Environmental Studies, Trinity Western (Canada)  Marvin Fritzler, Prof. of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, U. of Calgary, Medical School Theodore Saito, Project Manager, Lawrence Livermore Laboratories Muzaffar Iqbal, PhD Chemistry-U. of Saskatchewan, Center for Theology and the Natural Sciences S.William Pelletier, Emeritus Distinguished Prof. of Chemistry, U. of Georgia Keith Delaplane, Prof. of Entomology, U. of Georgia Ken Smith, Prof. of Mathematics, Central Michigan U. Clarence Fouche, Prof. of Biology, Virginia Intermont College Thomas Milner, Asst. Prof. of Biomedical Engineering, U. of Texas, Austin  Brian J.Miller, PhD Physics-Duke U.  Paul Nesselroade, Assoc. Prof. of Psychology, Simpson College Donald F. Calbreath, Prof. of Chemistry, Whitworth College Henry F. Schaefer, Nobel Nominee, Director of Center for Computational Quantum Chemistry, U. of Georgia Fred Sigworth, Prof. of Cellular & Molecular Physiology, Yale Grad. School Philip S. Skell, Emeritus Prof. Of Chemistry, NAS member  Frank Tipler, Prof. of Mathematical Physics, Tulane U. Robert Kaita, Plasma Physics Lab, Princeton  Michael Behe, Prof. of Biological Science, Lehigh U.  Walter Hearn, PhD Biochemistry-U. of Illinois Tony Mega, Assoc. Prof. of Chemistry, Whitworth College Dean Kenyon, Prof. Emeritus of Biology, San Francisco State Marko Horb, Researcher, Dept. of Biology & Biochemistry, U. of Bath Daniel Kuebler, Asst. Prof. of Biology, Franciscan U. of Steubenville David Keller, Assoc. Prof. of Chemistry, U. of New Mexico James Keesling, Prof. of Mathematics, U. of Florida Roland F. Hirsch, PhD Analytical Chemistry-U. of Michigan Robert Newman, PhD Astrophysics-Cornell U. Carl Koval, Prof., Chemistry & Biochemistry, U. of Colorado Tony Jelsma, Prof. of Biology, Dordt College William A. Dembski, PhD Mathematics-U. of Chicago George Lebo, Assoc. Prof. of Astronomy, U. of Florida Timothy G. Standish, PhD Environmental Biology-George Mason U. James Keener, Prof. of Mathematics & Adjunct of Bioengineering, U. of Utah Robert J. Marks, Prof. of Signal & Image Processing, U. of Washington Carl Poppe, Senior Fellow, Lawrence Livermore Laboratories  Siegfried Scherer, Prof. of Microbial Ecology, Technische Universität ünchen Gregory Shearer, Postdoc. Researcher Internal Medicine, U. C. Davis Joseph Atkinson, William P. Purcell, PhD Physical Chemistry-Princeton Wesley Allen, Prof. of Computational Quantum Chemistry, U. of Georgia Jeanne Drisko, Asst. Prof., Kansas Medical Center, U. of Kansas Chris Grace, Assoc. Prof. of Psychology, Biola U. Wolfgang Smith, Prof. Emeritus of Mathematics-Oregon State Rosalind Picard, Assoc. Prof. Computer Science, M.I.T. Garrick Little, Senior Scientist, Li-Cor John L. Omdahl, Prof. of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, U. of New Mexico Martin Poenie, Assoc. Prof. of Molecular Cell & Developmental Biology, U. of Texas, Austin Russell W. Carlson, Prof. of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, U. of Georgia Hugh Nutley, Prof. Emeritus of Physics & Engineering, Seattle Pacific U. David Berlinski, PhD Philosophy-Princeton, Mathematician, Author Neil Broom, Assoc. Prof., Chemical & Materials Engineering, U. of Auckland John Bloom, Assoc. Prof., Physics, Biola U. James Graham, Professional Geologist, Sr. Program Manager, National Environmental Consulting Firm John Baumgardner, Technical Staff, Theoretical Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory Fred Skiff, Prof. of Physics, U. of Iowa  Paul Kuld, Assoc. Prof., Biological Science, Biola U. Yongsoon Park, Senior Research Scientist, St. Luke's Hospital, Kansas City Moorad Alexanian, Prof. of Physics, U. of North Carolina, Wilmington Donald Ewert, Director of Research Administration, Wistar Institute Joseph W. Francis, Assoc. Prof. of Biology, Cedarville U. Thomas Saleska, Prof. of Biology, Concordia U. Ralph W. Seelke, Prof. & Chair of Dept. of Biology & Earth Sciences, U. of Wisconsin, Superior James G. Harman, Assoc. Chair, Dept. of Chemistry & Biochemistry, Texas Tech U. Lennart Moller, Prof. of Environmental Medicine, Karolinska Inst., U. of Stockholm Raymond G. Bohlin, PhD Molecular & Cell Biology-U. of Texas Fazale R. Rana, PhD Chemistry-Ohio U. Michael Atchison, Prof. of Biochemistry, U. of Pennsylvania, Vet School William S. Harris, Prof. of Basic Medical Sciences, U. of Missouri Rebecca W. Keller, Research Prof., Dept. of Chemistry, U. of New Mexico Terry Morrison, PhD Chemistry-Syracuse U. Robert F. DeHaan, PhD Human Development-U. of Chicago Matti Leisola, Prof., Laboratory of Bioprocess Engineering, Helsinki U. of Technology Bruce Evans, Assoc. Prof. of Biology, Huntington College Jim Gibson, PhD Biology-Loma Linda U. David Ness, PhD Anthropology-Temple U. Bijan Nemati, PhD Physics, Senior Engineer, Jet Propulsion Lab (NASA) Edward T. Peltzer, Senior Research Specialist, Monterey Bay Research Institute Stan E. Lennard, Clinical Assoc. Prof. of Surgery, U. of Washington Rafe Payne, Prof. & Chair, Dept. of Biological Sciences, Biola U. Phillip Savage, Prof. of Chemical Engineering, U. of Michigan Pattle Pun, Prof. of Biology, Wheaton College Jed Macosko, Postdoc. Researcher Molecular Biology, U.C. Berkeley Daniel Dix, Assoc. Prof. of Mathematics, U. of South Carolina Ed Karlow, Chair, Dept. of Physics, LaSierra U. James Harbrecht, Clinical Assoc. Prof., U. of Kansas Medical Center Robert W. Smith, Prof. of Chemistry, U. of Nebraska Robert DiSilvestro, PhD Biochemistry-Texas A & M David Prentice, Prof., Dept. of Life Sciences, Indiana State U. Walt Stangl, Assoc. Prof. of Mathematics, Biola U. Jonathan Wells, PhD Molecular & Cell Biology-U.C. Berkeley James Tour, Chao Prof. of Chemistry, Rice U. Todd Watson, Asst. Prof. of Urban & Community Forestry, Texas A & M  Robert Waltzer, Assoc. Prof. of Biology, Belhaven College Vincente Villa, Prof. of Biology, Southwestern U. James Tumlin, Assoc. Prof. of Medicine, Emory U. Charles Thaxton, PhD Physical Chemistry-Iowa State U. Stephen C. Meyer, PhD Philosophy of Science-Cambridge Paul Nelson, PhD Philosophy of Biology-U. of Chicago Richard Sternberg, Invertebrate Zoology, National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institute
Well, two things here  1) No one has ever said that Evolution asserted that we know everthing about complexity.   2) The discovery institue, which publishes that list, basicallyi gave a poll out, then after responses, changed the wording of it. Basically, it's a lie.  1)I never said anyone did. I was merely pointing out that intellectual prowess is not confined to Darwinists.  2)Many, if not most, on the list have published works and are on the record as ID proponents. Many links are readily available from a google of their names. Furthermore, the list is far from comprehensive let alone exhaustive.
You folks can't box with God, your arms ain't long enough. Many arguments are made about whether creation or evolution should be taught in our schools. I believe in creationism because I have never met an evolutionist who can explain where the very first sign of life came from. Can something not alive give birth to life? Can something not alive change to be alive? The answer to both questions is NO! There are many things I don't know, but two things I do know are science will never create anything from nothing and science will never create life from nonlife. I still think that it takes more faith to believe in evolution than it does to believe in our creator
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.  If it was easy..everybody would have it...  God happened...   http://www.redbay.comekklesia/belhope.htm
The bible belt gets pretty tight around these parts at times. A man without faith in the God who created him is a man in for a great shock some day.
Faith is hope? How about this instead.  Hope is hope.  There, we already have a word for hope, thank you though :)    Faith IS easy. I have faith that a green martian is sitting on my head.  Now, testing that as true or false, THAT'S the hard part!    There's another common saying that resembles that.  -Mach   Once again I have to use this analogy...  Judging by your comments... You where they type of child, when you were younger, that when told to do something by an adult, like to go to bed..you would not do it laughing that they didnt say When...and continue to run around. Well GIGGLE GIGGLE! Welcome to the real world where two words can have the same meaning...ya know like "silence" and "quietness" I think you understand.
You're going to have to translate. No one here speaks the language of garbage.  Look, Your the first group to not understand..I have used that EXACT argument on other boards.  Wouldnt you rather believe in God than not believe in him...Not believeing in him is SURE to end badly..where as the other way..there is a chance.
I guess I have to respect your opinion...correction.. I dont have to, I choose to. I have spent a good chunk of my life as a Christian missionary..Grenada, Guyana, Peru..I saw horrible things. I learned to have friends of all religious types..That will have more of a benefit on life then to fight. After seeing such horrble things, I totally rebelled... I was f*cking chicks down there on my off time and getting drunk...never even telling them why I was really there in their country...they wouldnt have believed me if I told them. I tell you this in friendship...this is my way of starting over..so you can see were I am comming from...and BOY am i leaving out some stuff...trust me.  That is the attitude I want to have with you all..I hope I can learn point of views..as well as to teach what I have learned when away. Possible?
Perhaps Hunter's confusion would be cleared up if he understood that evolution is not about the beginning of life, and it doesn't matter how life started.  It only describes how living things change over time.  The more things change, the more they remain the same. I think that how life began is an important issue to everyone. If the theory of evolution avoids the creation of the universe and life as we know it, what good is it? What is the purpose of trying to debunk the fact that God created man in his own image? One of the greatest scientist of all time believed that a supreme being created life as we know it; that would be Albert Einstein. Man did not evolve from apes, he was created by God . An interesting question would be this; what do the evolutionists think about salvation through grace and life after death? emoticon_xchicken emoticon_xchicken
Hunter, c'mon... You should know better than this by now. How many times has it been explained to you? The theory of evolution doesn't 'avoid' the creation of the universe. Rather the creation of the universe is outside of the scope of the theory of evolution. The theory is not intended to explain the creation of the universe. You'll have to look elsewhere to explore answers to that question.  What good is it? I certainly don't have the knowledge to answer that question in totality, but one area that the theory has significant practical value is in researching how bacteria and/or viruses evolve. Understanding evolutionary theory in this realm can presumably help prevent significant outbreaks of disease. (Anyone with more specific knowledge of the topic, please feel free to amend or add to the idea.) Understanding evolutionary theory can also help us understand how life has changed over the millions of years that it has existed on this planet... and how it continues to change.   You tell me, then we'll both know. Who is trying to debunk that idea? The concept of God is outside the scope of evolutionary theory. It is certainly conceivable that some metaphysical energy or a specific entity is and continues to be the driving force behind evolution. However, such an entity is outside the knowledge of the physical world in which we exist. Belief of such an entity is possible... but not knowledge.   And from where did you get this idea? Please provide your references.   You'll probably get as many different answers to such a question as there are 'evolutionists.' (Whatever it is you mean by that term.) There are over a billion Christians whose personal faith and relationship with their Savior does not conflict with the reality of evolution. Try asking one of them. (And it may behoove you to recognize that you are in the minority of Christians who do not recognize the validity of evolutionary theory.)  Okay then, are you " Bootfitter" in screen name only or do you have some actual knowledge of boots?
Okay... I'm a sucker... feed the troll... feed the troll... emoticon_rolleyes   Why, yes, in fact, I do have some actual knowledge about boots. Is this relevant to the discussion at hand? Can I expect the references which I requested in my previous post regarding Albert Einstein? (Or are you, perhaps, trying to change the subject?)  My question to you about boots is relevent only to the comfort of my feet. I have recently become disatified with my Red-Wings and was wondering if you could recommend a good quality boot. Timberland perhaps? The only trolling that I do is on Enid lake for Crappie. The statement that I posted about Einstein is true but I don't have a link for you. Sorry.
Then Einstein's God is nature, not the orthodox one, not that anything is wrong with that.  And God created nature and Einstein. Case closed. Maybe. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xchicken emoticon_xchicken
You are making a crucial mistake... you are assuming there is a black and white line dividing the living from the non-living. This is a grey area.  What is life? Is a dog alive? What about the fleas on the dog? What about the bateria on the fleas? What about the virus in the dog? Is a virus a non-living organism since it cannot reproduce in a conventional manner?   When you look at it critically, there is no living/non-living line. It is easy to see a gradation from what can be reasonably called non-living to what can reasonably called "living". Easy for who to see? If you don't think your dog is alive shoot him and see if he starts to stink after a while. Having a soul and having life is not then same thing at all. Alive is alive and dead is dead. Is this a difficult question for many folks?
Is a virus alive?  What is your empirical evidence that a 'soul' exists?   The existence of a soul is a bit tough to test in a lab but is you pour clorox on a virus it stops moving and spreading, and evolving does it not? Of course killing it's host and burning the body would also be a good empirical test .  However if one has no soul then murder is just rearranging matter . Why would that matter?
You're kidding right? One could equally argue that if one has a soul then one is "immortal" and murder does not matter.  We have no reason to believe that a soul exists, but we have plenty of reasons to believe that people are self aware, which why murdering them is wrong, not the possible existence of some extra-physical super-natural essence thingy. Guess it depends on where your soul is heading. If there is no God then man determines right and wrong. Only the strong survive.
And can you give me empircal evidence there is a soul? No? Just smoke and mirrors, and empty threats??? sure just as soon as you give me some for spontaneous generation and macro-evolution.
Well, for abiogensis, I give you the moon Titan. It was of interest because it was thought to dupicate the early Earth atmosphere. News as of two days ago, there is complex organic material in it's upper atmosphere, which strongly vindicates the concept of "primorial soup" that creationists have been denying.  http://edition.cnn.com/2005/TECH/space/04/26/cassini.titan/   As for maco-evolution, why here is a site that has lots of evidence of it  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/  Strongly vindicates? Sounds like a vast assumption using half-vast data. I will spot you the soup it still has to come alive-to spontaneously generate.  Peer reviewed evidence is you know what that is.  Evolution started to look like a theory in search of a soup-45 years later it still does. Fisher
Yes. I know you want to deny it.  Now, what is your proof of whatever you believe? You come and deny science. You tear down strawmen of yoru own creation, but you offer nothing in return. Your the one who claimed the "soup" was "strongly" vindicated . The burden of proof is on you !  I don't deny science I state you have no clue what science is!
This just shows us how much you don't know about evolution. I call your bluff. I know more about your stupid theory than you do. That is obvious.
Creationsists have always said that organic material in the early earth atmosphere was impossible... yet, now we have an actual example.  Proof done.. fait accomplished. I noitced you deny it though. fait accomplished? If you are going to grace us with an example of your literary genuis please use an actual phrase like fait accompli for example. The Bible teaches it is better to be thought a fool that to open your mouth and remove all doubt, You should read it sometime. Organic material in the early atmosphere? What are you talking about . Organic material comes from living or formerly living things -leaves , grass , people poop etc. Are you saying there were such things in the atmosphere before they existed on the planets surface? I never heard a Creationist say that , I never heard anyone say that , that is riduclous. Please I can't wait to see your example.
I did show you. http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2005/04/050429125014.htm Okay the concensous is there are probably hydrocarbons on Titan. What does this have to do with the spontaneous generation of life? Pre-biotic natural selection is a contradiction in terms. Dead things tend to stay dead. Give me one example in the history of the world of matter generating the information of life.  Saturn's giant moon, Titan, has an atmosphere composed mainly of molecular nitrogen and up to 10 per cent methane. Carl Sagan and Bishun Khare of Cornell University simulated the pressure and composition of Titan's atmosphere and irradiated the gases with charged particles. A dark solid was formed, which on dissolving in water yielded amino acids and traces of nucleotide bases, polycyclic hydrocarbons and many other compounds. It was then assumed that from this 'wonderful brew' life would have originated.17 In the text Molecular Biology of the Cell the authors note that experimentalists are In 1992 Han and Runnegar made a discovery which impinged on discussions of oxygen evolution during the Precambrian. To everyone's surprise they reported the spiral algal fossil Grypania within banded iron formations (BIFs) in Michigan, USA. Algae require oxygen, so their existence at this juncture shows banded iron formations do not necessarily indicate global anoxic conditions. Indeed, as early as 1980 two reports appeared on the discovery of stromatolites in the 3.4-3.5 Ga Warrawoona Group sediments from the Pilbara Block, Australia.6,7 Similar remains were also discovered in Zimbabwe8 and South Africa.9 It is fair to conclude that the Earth's early atmosphere before 3.5 Ga could have significant quantities of oxygen. This should discourage the sort of hypothesising on abiotic monomer and polymer syntheses so often assumed to have occurred in Archaean times. Robert Riding says that the Grypania discovery 'could spell the end of BIF-dominated models of oxygen build-up in the early atmosphere . . . The cat really will be put among the pigeons, however, if [further] fossil discoveries extend the eukaryote record back much beyond 2200 million years ago, into what is still widely perceived to have been an essentially anaerobic world. SCENARIOS FOR PREBIOLOGY A number of revised textbooks on molecular biology came out in 1994-1995 which, while conveying the standard arguments for origin-of-life hypotheses, are cautious in their affirmation. Rightly so, because advances in the field have uncovered exquisite details of intracellular processes. These challenge superficial explanations that their origin and subsequent refinement were fed by randomness. After mentioning the famous simulation by Miller and Urey of prebiotic synthesis of organic compounds (Figure 1), Voet and Voet handle the riddle of the formation of biological monomers with a caveat. They write: 'Keep in mind, however, that there are valid scientific objections to this scenario as well as to the several others that have been seriously entertained so that we are far from certain as to how life arose. The text of Molecular Cell Biology in its second edition was well indexed on the evolution of cells, describing the Miller experiment in detail. The third edition has dropped the chapter on evolution of cells found in the second edition. Similarly, Stryer's fourth edition of his textbook on biochemistry makes no mention of the abiotic synthesis of organic molecules. 'Doubt has arisen because recent investigations indicate the earth's atmosphere was never as reducing as Urey and Miller presumed. I suspect that many organic compounds generated in past studies would have been produced even in an atmosphere containing Simplified apparatus for abiotic synthesis of organic compounds as performed originally by Miller and Urey. By varying the mixture of gases, including using volcanic gases of today, experimenters have been able to produce many types of organic compound
Yes, I see you are usgin a cut'paste to try to expalin it away.. but, you fail.  You use a creationist site that gives misinformation to try to get around first hand observations, but you fail. You are purposely lying to yourself. Yes I was , as you say  usgin  cut and paste-I confess.  I see you try not to refute what was said but to attack me. Please explain how this is misinformation. First hand observations of spontaneous generation . Okay I'll bite , let's see the real facts. emoticon_wow
I never get any answers here, It does not matter if I ask, beg or demand creationists never answer my questions. What is up with that? Are they more talkative on pro creation forums?  Hi Slave:  I am right here.  Ray M.
Slave:  Any SCIENTIST whether creationist or Darwinian cannot represent the ID/Creationist side.  ONLY creationist theologians and philosophers can.  Philosophy is king - not science.  I happen to be a theology and philosophy major.  Ray M.
goto:  http://evolutionfairytale.com/forum/index.php  But watch out!  You will get banned for the least little thing if you do not agree with the admins!  It doesn't matter if you are totally civil. If you start making solid arguments for evolution or against creationism, you will be banned without notice or reply.  You are absolutely correct !  Ray M.
ill be happy to answer any questions to the best of my knowledge and experience
O.K. what is wrong with only restricting yourself to what you can measure when you talk about science. You should never do this all the time for example if deciding what is good and evil what would you "measure". science can only talk about what is measureable. religion gets to take the rest. sometimes the domains overlap, and theres usually a conflict, but science wins ultimately. things like good, evil, the afterlife and the spiritual realm are trademarks of religion and cannot be used by science without written consent by the owner
And you think this a good thing? It just shows the weak cowardly position of the creationist.  No Clive it is not a good thing. It is a very bad thing.  I argued against Calvinism as calm and politely as possible. In response, the resident Calvinian Admin threw a tantrum and pontificated that I was advocating heresy contrary to established Protestant Doctrine.  But obviously this is all about debate.  They censored me and penalized via my posts were submitted for Mod review before being posted.  I resigned my membership.  These particular YEC's have no sense of what a debate board is about - absolutely clueless.  But if you go to IIDB they are just about the same - only atheists.  Ray M.
O.K. what is wrong with only restricting yourself to what you can measure when you talk about science. You should never do this all the time for example if deciding what is good and evil what would you "measure".  Hi Slave:  There isn't a question mark in your comment.  But I think you are conflating science and the age-old debate about good and evil.  The Bible defines evil two ways: Lack of perfection = sin = evil.  Or, not doing what God says = evil.  I think you probably know this (I didn't say agree).  Anyway,  Ray M.
Where did the water come from?   It was already there you XXXXX.  Can you say Ice Age?  Where did it go?   It's still here you XXXXX. Ever heard of ice caps? Aquifers?   Why do you think that every major culture that existed from that period on has what is called a "flood myth?" For the love of sanity, learn some anthropology and STFU.  Scientific evidence exists supporting a worldwide massive flood at or around the time defined biblically. That doesn't mean that it was a decision by a wrath-driven god to destroy the world, but it did happen.  Also, only a misinformed imbecile or a damned liar would say that no scientist can be a creationist and no creationist can be a scientist.  *wonders if he'll be banned for this haha :P*
whoops I should have put in a question mark.   I still don't understand the creationist position. Inbreeding contradicts the Bible so why don't creationists complain about that? when does inbreedig contradict the bible? there are lots of cases of family relations, God sanctioning the marriage of men with their nieces, cousins and even sisters (i think, not sure about the sisters). the entire nation of israel is one family. the only case of God cursing an inbred offspring that i can think of is the children of the daughters of Lot (and that could also be a just-so made up story so that the israelites could justify why they were supposed to kill out the ammonites and moabites...)
Where did the water come from?   It was already there you XXXXX.  Can you say Ice Age?  Where did it go?   It's still here you XXXXX. Ever heard of ice caps? Aquifers?   Why do you think that every major culture that existed from that period on has what is called a "flood myth?" For the love of sanity, learn some anthropology and STFU.  Scientific evidence exists supporting a worldwide massive flood at or around the time defined biblically. That doesn't mean that it was a decision by a wrath-driven god to destroy the world, but it did happen.  Also, only a misinformed imbecile or a damned liar would say that no scientist can be a creationist and no creationist can be a scientist.  *wonders if he'll be banned for this haha :P* make the most of this screen name because it probably wont be around for long...  anthropologists found the origin to the flood story. a massive flooding of the euphrates river in persia wiped out the entire area. one man named zuisudra who had packed up some of his farm animals on a little barge was saved along with his family. his survival was out of pure luck, he was a farmer and merchant that was about to sell his animals in a market across the river, and since his boat was ready just as the floods came, he managed to save himself and his animals (link)  in reality, there was no world wide flood, and no need to justify any ice caps melting or aquifers erupting. in fact, the character noah was a hebrew adaptation of the original story, in which the event was glamorously exagerrated. the fact is, you wont find any ark remnants on mount ararat, nor evidence that the entire world was under water, because that never actually happened. the parts about God forwarning noah more than a century in advance, or giving him the specifications to build the ark, or adding 2 animals of every kind, was all included by the hebrew story-tellers to and flair and moral weight to the story, not because it was true  you should take your own advice and do read up some anthropology
whoops I should have put in a question mark.   I still don't understand the creationist position. Inbreeding contradicts the Bible so why don't creationists complain about that?  Slave:  What is "inbreeding" ?  Ray M.
As theorized, the concept of evolution is analogous to slow morphing, rather than quick abrupt changes in a species. MORPHING!, as can be done with computer graphics programs designed by intelligent beings. Evolution implies species go through a process of advantagous and purposful change -- but morphing is accomplished by unintelligent random processes, or at least that's how the story goes -- the created universe and life were random events.   I have been patiently waiting for many years but to date have never seen or heard of any species morphing into another species. I am aware of genetic defects that limit species but unaware of mutations that perpetuate new species. Clearly variation within species is possible and has been observed, such as poodles and great danes, but they remain members of the same species.  Mankind has thousands of years of written history and I am unaware of anyone observing species morphation(Is that a word?). Although it is approaching 200 years after Darwin hypothesised how species might have originated, we are no closer to observing a species morphing than Darwin. Humans attempt to create new species, such as breeding donkey with horses to get mules and lions with tigers to get ligers, but these "NEW" species are almost always born sterile and unable to perpetuate themselves.   Besides observing it, the way to demonstrate evolution is to manipulate a species until it developes into a new species, but alas, then all you will have proven is directed efforts of intelligent beings create species. Hmm, wonder what intelligent being(s) created us?
You haven't paid very close attention then. New viruses evolve all the time. You do understand that HIV did not exist only a few decades ago?   or maybe it did we just didnt know it was there! i mean come on diseases could have been there 100 years ago and we just discovered it cuz we just got the technology.
how can you say that creation is a buch of lies. where is the lies? Even better were does it say that evolution is proven? How it so called proven? tell me this and ask as many questions as you want, I can answer and truthfully.
I asked first. Tell me one proof of evolution. I can tell you right now that I have been studying evolution for a while and I am very confident in what I know. You tell me what evidence it has and I'll tell you exactly how it doesn't workout.  P.S  Have you your heard of a guy named kent Hoviand? You didn't answer me with evidence in the first place, could it be that you don't have any? And anyone who answers my question of "how someone can say its full of lies" with a sarcastic remark such as "opening mouth and uttering truth" is full of stupidity and needs to grow up and start supporting what they believe instead of trying to ACT smart. And your THEORY is not proven.
Ok. We've found fossils where you can see horses changing from a small animal, similar to a goat or dog, to the modern animal you see today. Clear evidence of evolution.  where is this so called evidence? It should be online so I can see it. I can give you websites of proof of what I am talking about, were is yours?  Yes. He a complete fraud. Why?  Can you prove that? Or is that just another something that you pulled out of your butt?
Sure, let's start with the easy stuff:  1. We have a fossil record showing how life evolved  That was made. By evolutionists who wereing bassing there work on a theory.  2. We have a growing understanding of DNA showing how life evolved  Of DNA...understanding! HMM yet again does that make sense?  3. We have witnessed speciation events  Have you witnessed a animal going into another animal? If so please share with us as to were.  4. Oh sorry, you only asked for one, didn't you. I got all carried away... You just labeled telling me you got carried away as proof of evolution, are you aware that telling me you went to far isn't evolution? Or are you stupid in that department of teh brain also?  I have just told you tons of things as to why you're theory is still a theory.  And I can assure you you haven't "studied" evolution: you have read/listened to or watched a bunch of liars telling you mistruths and falsehoods about evolution.  Excuse me but I have studied this topic for many years and I can assure you that I know what I am talking about. You have been blinded and need to wake up and realize that.  Dream on girl! Yes, I've heard of Mr Horvind. He is a liar, con-artist, fraud and criminal. If you have "studied" evolution via his ramblings, then you have been duped, big time!  I'm sure that I ain't the one who has been duped into believing anything.  No, it couldn't. I have more evidence to support evolution than you have had hot dinners (unless you are thousands of years old of course and have eaten dozens of hot dinners every day of your life).  I am not thousands of years old. And the earth is not billions of years old. That so called "evidence" called Carbon Dating don't work and I'll tell what evolutionist say Carbon Dating is and How it don't work.  You will learn that some of us make "smart-arsed" remarks because we are smart. Read my other posts here: I have supported my position many times. I am more than justified in ridiculing you before you even start for we have been here and done this same routine over and over again with each silly little creationist that comes wandering through here.  Is it silly creationists or Blind and stupid evolutionists. I am sure that it is the second one!
wut do you think about evolution?  Clive14 is the one who ain't answering right.
clive14 try IMing me @yahoo. My email is "ilovesilverbaby89@yahoo" that way we can talk better.
Its not a matter of disproving it. You didn't get a new spieces or animal. The only so called "evolution" that happens is Micro. Which is a baby growing into a adult not any new spieces accure. You never get any thing new. You never see one animal evolve into another. And therefore its not the evolution that counts as Macro.
NOTICE TO FORUM,  notice how Angelsweety89 immeditely changes the subject away from creation and to evolution. Typical creationists tactic, as they know their belief cannot be defended, they resort to the fraudlent argument that if evolution is false, creation is true. Of coruse that is merely a tactic of XXXXXX and fraud and does not prove creation.  Care to attempt to prove your assertion in the Evolution v. Creation thread?  The answer should be obvious. First of all we know creationists are very uneducated. Second, because of their lack of education, asking them to explain something they clearly don't know is foolish (would you ask a child about quantum physics?). Third, using relatively well known locations is a method of getting around the lack of knowledge and education in the basic creationist.  Evidence? Here is why this is nothing more than a mis-guided assertion:  More than 100 scientists agreed to this statement: "We are skeptical of claims for the ability of random mutation and natural selection to account for the amazing complexity of life." (take a look at the third chapter of "The Case For A Creator" by Lee Strobel for this one.)  Thoroughly educated people who became creationists because of the evidence:   CS Lewis  Gary Parker  James Perloff  Lee Strobel  Josh Mcdow (sp?)  Look them up, if you want your faith in evolution to be shaken.
i have a question.. where did evolution start? that has always interested me ebcause no one knows it.
that doesnt answer my question.. where did evolution start?
thanks you very much.
And how many of those are biologists?? None. You are using the logical fallacy of APPEAL TO AUTHORITY.  Now, in order to refute this strawman, we need to take a look at what I was, and did, refute: the statement that "we know creationists are very uneducated" and "because of their lack of education, asking them to explain something they clearly don't know is foolish"  I refuted this by pointing out that many intelligent (and informed) people are skeptical of evolution because of the facts.   As for the evidence , there is the massive evidence of fossils, and of dna. There is the observation of new species being formed, such as the faero Island mouse. Even the person who popularised Intelligent Design does not disagree with Evolution from common decent. (behe).. even if his logical fallacy about the micro biology (if we can understand it, it must be god) is rediculous   Wow. You claimed to be presenting evidence, but in reality made about 6 arguments there if I counted right, and read absolutely no evidence. (All of which were not explained in an understandable way, or were simply old assertions.) Please, lets play fair and discuss one argument at a time, starting with my refutation of evolution in the Evolution and Creation thread.
Let's face it, you are mainly quoting people whose area of expertise is NOT biology. Those that have some biological background have made some very basic errors. You therefore are usign 'appeal to authority'.  The argument that I was attacking was essentially "creationists are dumb." I refuted that argument by pointing out many, very intelligent creationists.  ANd, you have not presented ANY evidence.  I quoted "The case for a creator" by Lee Stroble.
hey i have a question.. if you dont believe creationism what do you believe? that has always interseted me.. if you dont mind telling me what you believe
ok so you believe in evolution? thats what im understanding. so where did evolution start? and where did creation start? which one would you believe?
Can you accept that something could have no beginning and no end? You know, sort of like God is supposedly.  actually i do but i cant believe somehting like evolution thats is totally rong.
My only question is, how did animals come into existance by means of evolution? No matter how I reason it and no matter what theroys I use I always come to the conclusion that plants are posible but not animals. think about it, for animals to come into existance very lagre leaps of eveloution would have to of occured in a very short ammount of time. Lungs, Brains, Hearts, etc. all of these would have needed to devolop instantly and no matter what came first this leap had to be made.
And the fact that you share traits with fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds and other mammals is best explained how?  how am i likea fish? how am i like an amphibian? how am i like a reptile? how am i like a bird? and duh we are mammals.
there are 2 types though. vertebrates and invertebrates. we had a fifty chance of being one or the other. god said ill think ill give them a backbone. well im glad he did cuz we'd all be one big puddle of skin. now that still doesnt expalin how i have similarities with fish and amphibians and reptiles!
God isnt lazy.. give me one proof he is
What Im saying is that for us to evlove into creatures that breath air and have beating hears and what not we had to develop them all at once not one at a time, evolution does not explaine this in any form, reglardless of what you think was there first, steps from say bacteria and plants or anything that started life on earth could not jump to a animal of any complexity. and no biology does not explaine this.
Give me one proof he exists, in any form.  Give me one proof he is a he, or has any kind of sexuality.  Give me one proof it is a single omnipotent creator being.  Give me one proof this being is intelligent and self aware.  Tell me why just because this being is the single omnipotent creator being of our reality, I should do what he wants, and he has an moral authority over me; an intelligent, self aware and free thinking being in my own right.  Assuming this single omnipotent creator being exists, and he is a male, and exists in a state you can comprehend, is intelligent and self aware, and has the right to impose his will upon me; give me one proof he is the God of your religion.  "proof as you ask it is impossible, its just like saying give me proof that he dosent exist. and if you think that science and evolution proves that he dosent exist your wrong, its like saying men have no intelegence and saying that houses prove this. if god made the world and everything in it how does science disprove him?
What Im saying is that for us to evlove into creatures that breath air and have beating hears and what not we had to develop them all at once not one at a time, evolution does not explaine this in any form, reglardless of what you think was there first, steps from say bacteria and plants or anything that started life on earth could not jump to a animal of any complexity. and no biology does not explaine this.I do not follow what you are arguing here. There are animals that have "beating hearts", but do not breath air as an example, they are called fish. There are animals that have brains but no heart such as the earthworm. It is a mystery to me why you would claim that biology cannot explain these features. God created using evolution, this is obvious. He even let lots of intermediate stage animals live until today so that we might better understand how he evolved life.
"proof as you ask it is impossible, its just like saying give me proof that he dosent exist. and if you think that science and evolution proves that he dosent exist your wrong, its like saying men have no intelegence and saying that houses prove this. if god made the world and everything in it how does science disprove him?Science is athiestic (some here prefer I say nontheistic) and does not care a hoot for whether there is a god or no. It does not seek to prove god does not exist and it does not seek to prove god does exist. Good science doesn't even pass judgement on whether "he" was involved or not in the event.  Science says "Once there was an animal with no heart. Then there was an animal with a simple heart. Then there was an animal with a complex heart. This we know from careful study and investigation. We also know from careful study and investigation that DNA provides the code for this and changing the code over time would cause the heart to evolve as observed". Thus and only does science truly talk about evolution: it reports what it sees. There should be no conflict with religion in this regard, no?
I do not understand why this is a problem. Science and religion do not even remotely have the same epistemology- they are two different fields of study all together. Science is based on rock hard empiricism and religion is based on faith.I do not really understand why there is a problem too. As an aside though, I find your naive belief that science is based upon "rock hard empiricism" very amusing. I do apologise if you are offended by my laughing so, but I do think you ignore the weaknesses of scientists. Science is good and I would even go so far as to hazard that it is the best we have. It does fall well short of perfection though, no?
Alot of good points, I can understand your reasonings. I take back my argument.   I think that science can be used in parallel with belief in god. they do not really contradict each other on any point. Even steven hawking believes there is a seprate being, though he does not say in what capicity this being exists.
If God is incapable of falsehood, why would he intentionally design a world that would lead rational minds to follow the evidence to evolution? Clearly either the process used was evolution (whether started, seeded, in a universe created by God or not) or God has planted false evidence to mislead people and then damn them.  Course if you don't have a omnipotent, all good God then you are back at sqaure one again - if his power is not infinite then there are things that he could not or has not done. In this case then yet again we have to look at the evidence if we want to see what is the real explaination.  he designed a world to glorify him. there are people doing that. he didnt force us to believe him. its our own free will. and what makes you think that rational minds are making up evolution???
Alot of good points, I can understand your reasonings. I take back my argument.   I think that science can be used in parallel with belief in god.  So what is the bible then? Simply a nice story-book for you to read from?  If Genesis is simply a representative story from which we can interpret the actions of god to mean natural selection and evolution, what about the ten commandments?  It always amazes me to hear people with positions like this insist that it is okay to play fast and loose with their interpretations of Genesis or the Arc, but God really does hate the homosexuals. It says so in Leveticus, right? So it must be word perfect truth...  This bit about the origins of the earth? Oh, we just interpret that as god designing evolution. But that part about people burning in hell for eternity, that's true, right?
Why would an 'all powerful , all knowing' being design a world for an ego trip? That sounds like a sever amount of anthropomorphising there.   its our human nature to go against everything God has for us. because we think were right. that gives us the immature amounts of "ego" in this world. too many people are so full of themselves that they dont even realize it until one day an 18 wheeler totals their 1985 porsche! God has to kick you in the butt one day and the more you walk away from him the harder he will hit to make you realize whats true. and why you ask does such a supposedly loving God do that? well simple i answered it in the question. because he loves us so much he sent his ONLY son to DIE for US. now thats going into the truth of God's word which you probably already know and dont believe. but see thats where ego comes and kicks you in the butt. you have the truth right in front of you and you think its wrong. why may i ask?
why shouldnt you?
you fruit the answers to all your questions are in the bible. read it and youll be amazed. yah it sucks that a God would kill you for not believing in him but who said life was fair? when spiritual end times come and your left behind youll wonder whats going on. well you can be prepared. read revelations. read the gospels, hebrews. it can help alot. look buddy im just trying to help you before its too late.
Why don't you believe in the invisible pink unicorns that live behind your sofa?  if you can prove that theyre their then why not?but thats not the point
how do you prove hes not there? its like wind. you cant see it. but its there.. how do you know? because you can feel the effects of it. You cant see God but you can see his effects everywhere. can you make a tree out of nothing? grass? dirt? a human? when you can call me.
actually i can from a creationists point of view. did God create invisible pink unicorns? and from an evolutionists point of view did one ever evolve from somthing else?
Is Jesus God or God's son? Both? Then God is .  You just said God's son died.  (Oh but he really didn't die because Jesus lives.)  Anyway, you're saying that God loves us so much that he impregnated a virgin who gave birth to god (himself) in human form so that the human form could be killed and god could go back to heaven.  How much love does it take to do this? What does that have to do with sin?    edit: Oh, and the IPU created God first then God created the other unicorns. Get your theology straight man!  what your ignorance wont let you understand is that they are all one (the trinity) yet seperate beings - Father son and the holy spirit God sent Jesus the man form to earth. and its takes alot of love to do this. try being beaten and whipped until your organs were hanging out and having thorns stuck in you and people spitting on you and cursing you. then on top of that endure 8 to ten hours of being stuck no nailed on a cross( the nails going through your feet and hands) pushing yourself up to breathe because your diapraghm no longer supports you because it is hangin out as welll. TRY THAT ON FOR LOVE!
its our human nature to go against everything God has for us. because we think were right. that gives us the immature amounts of "ego" in this world. too many people are so full of themselves that they dont even realize it until one day an 18 wheeler totals their 1985 porsche! God has to kick you in the butt one day and the more you walk away from him the harder he will hit to make you realize whats true. and why you ask does such a supposedly loving God do that? well simple i answered it in the question. because he loves us so much he sent his ONLY son to DIE for US. now thats going into the truth of God's word which you probably already know and dont believe. but see thats where ego comes and kicks you in the butt. you have the truth right in front of you and you think its wrong. why may i ask?  Prove it. Any of it.  You see, this is why the Creation and Arc stories (and I emphasis that they are stories) are important. Because if they are proven to be false (and they have been. Let me repeat that, those parts of the bible are false) then all of the bible must be thrown into doubt. We must question all of it. Me must treat all of it as myth until it can be independantly verified by an objective third party.
if you can prove that theyre their then why not?but thats not the point  Hang on, how does this work? You can believe in god without requiring proof, but pink unicorns behind the sofa require proof? One fantasy is just as deluded as the next, why would you choose to believe in god without proof, but not the unicorns?
And to Everyone...  Young Bushy here is just another example of why children should be kept out of the church!
what your ignorance wont let you understand is that they are all one (the trinity) yet seperate beings - Father son and the holy spirit God sent Jesus the man form to earth. and its takes alot of love to do this. try being beaten and whipped until your organs were hanging out and having thorns stuck in you and people spitting on you and cursing you. then on top of that endure 8 to ten hours of being stuck no nailed on a cross( the nails going through your feet and hands) pushing yourself up to breathe because your diapraghm no longer supports you because it is hangin out as welll. TRY THAT ON FOR LOVE!  You say this like it was something special...  How many men died for Sparticus in exactly the same way? I believe it was one every mile, all the way to Rome...  Oh, and the nails couldn't have gone through the hands. The flesh would have torn and he would have fallen.
If they are all the same, then what kind of sacrifice did god make? No one died. No one really suffered.   First, I'd have to be god, then I could handle it with infinite ease.   I think it was more like days on the cross.  Again, how much love does it take to not really suffer and die?  you really are ignorant. he came in HUMAN form and he suffered just lik a human would. are you so stupid that you dont even realize that some one loves you and died for you?
oh my gosh you really are stupid!! Jesus was human with his "powers" if you wanna call them that but then again he did pray to god to heal them. so do we! we pray and people are healed but then again youre too ignorant to believe the truth. ok so when you die i hope you have a looong painful that lasts 8-10 hours. oh and you wont rise again like jesus did after three days of being i the grave. just like he said he would. try reading the gospels before you go and tell me that Jesus didnt die for me AND you AND rise again!
He prayed to himself?  Yeah, I know he did because it says so in the Bible. ;)    Many people are prayed for and do not heal.   Mighty christian of ya, thanks. emoticon_xclown    Right, because I'm a human and Jesus wasn't.    But he had a choice?   Oh, I've read them.  Tell me, after Jesus rose again, did Mary see it being rolled away or was it rolled away when she got there?  Or should I read the part where Jesus says he is equal to God then read the part where he says he's not?  John 10:30 I and my Father are one.  John 14:28 Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.  ok saying God was greater than him was a term of repsect dumbbutt. yes they are healed and yes they arent healed.its God's decision. if youre humble sure hell bless you. but it also says honor your father and mother so your days will be long on the earth.
BushAllTheWay  This back-and-forth banter serves no one.   Please, take a step back and lay out in point form your position on Creation and Evolution. If you will, please provide evidence that supports your position as welll.  This will make life much easier for everyone.
Who cares how long your days on the earth are? That's nothing compared to eternity in the afterlife right?[/QUOTE]  yes but you do want treasures in heaven. and you cant store up in one day so if you honor them youll have mroe time on the earth and more time to store up treasures.
What if God is redifined as the natural laws and all matter?  Just think, God created the universe (Big bang), God created all the animals on the earth (evolution),God is responcible for all of the happenings in your day to day activety(statistics:random processes),God is always nearby etc.  This would make God amorphic and completely unbiased towards anything i.e fair.  I think this is much better standpoint, cause then when you die you are literally reunited with God. :)
why did God in all of his power and might need to say ok youre going to evolve slowly over millions of years into something else when all he did was simply speak and it was done?
Who is this god you speak of? Can I call him? I have some things I'd like done and he can just say them while on the phone I'm hoping.  -Mach      thats being selfish. and only getting things you want and not looking out for the good of other people.
... Just think, God is the feces coming out of our butts, God is the HIV in the AIDS patient, God is the semen squirted into a prostitute, God is the prostitute being done, ....  Is that the God you want to worship?  I never implied worshipping God.... That would be like Satanists who try to worship entropy :p  And ironically, life is beautiful and horrific at the same time. So according to the definition that I proposed earlier the answer is yes to your questions. But God would also be the sky, light, Love etc.
Oh, so all you are doing is playing a silly word game...  I`m new to debating, but I think that that is an example of 'killing a straw man'.   What I was ultimately trying to do was make everyone happy (not possible I know) by refering to the universe and everything in it as God. I thought that this would be grounds for religion and science to agree on, I was obviously wrong.
actually you could compare the two. its good versus evil.
     5) God makes mistakes. He didn't even know that Abraham had another son, Ishmael.   sorry but thats bull. God is perfect and never makes mistakes. and whats the whole point of your post? is it just a size thing? to impress us with the length perhaps?
You get a new type of bacteria that is completely different to the original type. The new bacteria and its offspring are resistant to that specific antibiotic. It has a completely new and different characteristic to the original bacteria.  -Wez   No, this is in fact micro evolution and she is right. It may be a slightly different bacteria, but it is still bacteria and is in no way comparable to macro evolution or one species turning into another. The bacteria is still a bacteria.  What you are talking about is akin to survival of the fittest. And the fittest will adapt to their environment, but they will not change species.  Or a better example is that what you are saying is the same as someone who would use the many different dogs as an example of change. Surely a chihuahua cannot be the same as a great dane. Well yes, they are both dogs and come from the same family and have been manipulated to look that way, but there is a limit on even this change. The chihuahua is only so small and the great dane will only get so big. Either way they are still dogs.
Lets us simplify then as I am sure we are both aware, neither of us can prove without a doubt scientifically that a. evolution is a fact or b. God is real.  And, rather than carry on two simultaneous arguments, I will suggest we continue this on the other board as it directly relates to what I believe that you absolutely cannot prove. And that is the origin of life.  Ergo, my argument on the other board.
What you are asking to see - something like a reptile evolve into a mammal - typically takes millions of years to occur. Why would you even expect humans to be able to see that occur firsthand? What we have are multiple, independent lines of evidence that show us that this occurred in nature. We have transitional fossils, ...   But I would like to add, you are wrong, I do not want to see this first hand. Also, we do not have this in fossils, if we did there would be no doubt would there. Can we agree that animals didn't take big huge leaps from fish to lion? yes, then where are all the linking fossils? No linking fossils means it didn't happen.  Again, this is exactly the argument I have started on the other board. Lets continue there. The answer I am looking for you to be able to answer is this: not, can you prove the mutation of species, but can you prove the beginning of life. If you cannot prove that you have nothing.
no inking fossils is proof that it didnt happen? this is basic backwards logic. you cannot prove something didnt happen because you have a lack of evidence that it did. this is similar to having proof that a bald man broke into my apartment because no strands of hair were found   hahahahahahhahahahhahaha Now that is funny. Ok so by your logic, not having any evidence of something is not proof that it didn't happen. So, that's more like saying, just because when you got home your door was still locked and nothing was missing or moved and no strange hair on the floor, doesn't mean you didn't get robbed by a hairy man.  hahahahhahhha. that's a good one.    evolution has very little to do with the beginning of life. the origin of life is independent to evolution, and vice versa. even if we could prove that life was introduced on this planet by a miracle of god, evolution would still be true  are you willing to prove the beginning of life? if you cannot prove that you have nothing (i just noticed dametel said the same thing lol)  You obviously havn't read my posts have you. I had specifically made the point that even if you could prove evolution, it wouldn't disprove God because people believe that life started by intelligent design and not by some freak fluke impossible accident.   Anything else funny man?
I wasn't talking about any of that.  Why do preachers teach the Bible lopsided, selecting only the good to teach? Does not the Bible itself say...    Yet Genesis alone is filled with lust, deceit, drunkenness, polygamy, incest, rape, and murder.   Yes, but personally I believe that it is more inspirational to teach mostly the good. I was always taught to believe in a loving personal God. And that is great. I don't like it when preachers teach hell and damnation. I believe that God wants people to come to him out of a sense of love not fear.   Religious people are upset about sex and violence on TV and in the movies, and rally to get it eliminated.  That's some religious people. It does not represent the community as a whole, like me for instance.   Well, what about the Bible? Shouldn't they be griping and fussing and bitching about the incest, the polygamy, and rapes, the murders, the drunkenness, and deceit, and the lust? Gee, what's that saying about someone seeing the speck in another person's eye, but failing to see the plank in his own?  No, I think that those type of people just forget about this stuff. I think that this is exactly what contributes to the bibles authenticity.   Religious people want to PRETEND that the Bible is some fantastic book that teaches great morals and contains no filth. Hogwash. Genesis alone is filled with lust, deceit, drunkenness, polygamy, incest, rape, and murder.  Yes, of course it does. That's why they call it the greatest book every written. It is real life. It is gritty. It is harsh reality. Not some suger coated dream world.    It shows a poor-excuse-for-a-father's faith!  Any man who would willingly bind his son, throw him on an altar to burn, and come at him with a knife to slay him is MENTALLY DISTURBED.  Now, if you want to equate FAITH with being MENTALLY DISTURBED, hey, go right ahead!   No, you totally don't get it. At that time, God spoke directly to people. And if you had God speaking to you you would follow his requests.   Or take Job for example. God wasn't talking to him at all and yet no matter how he seemed to be cursed, he still loved God. You may call that crazy, but I call that REAL faith.
That's not what the Bible teaches. It's a way to communicate with and petition God ... paraphrasing, whatever you ask for in prayer, if you believe, you will receive it. Problem is, prayer does NOT work.  That's because you are not praying for the right things. I had a friend once who used to pray for things for herself. Nice clothes and hair and just nice things in general.  She got very upset because she said that God doesn't answer her prayers. I'm sure you can see the fault w/ this.  Ultimately, prayer is something we use for others and for our faith. W/ others we don't always get the answer we are looking for either. You have to trust that God knows best and will do what is best for us individually.
 This is drivel. The beginning of life has nothing to do with evolution, but you go beyond that by claiming we can prove nothing. This is preposterous. You are suggesting that we cannot prove say that the quadratic formula is the solution to all quadratic equations for example unless we can "prove the beginning of life".  My goodness, don't get your panties in a knot. All of my posts in this matter have said exactly that they have nothing to do w/ one another. Did you just get here?  And no, what I am saying is that life or abiogenesis is so complex as to require a designer. That it could not have been a freak accident, after accident after accident. Or at the very least, I was trying to convince some people that it is at least a possibility, but they didn't even get what ID was so I gave up on that for a while.
And, what kind of prayer would be answered? I mean, for you faith, it would very well be a giantic placebo.   Ending the conflict in Iraq woudl be nice. I know many people who have been praying for that. Doesn't seem to work though.  Well the problem w/ the war in Iraq is that it is a conflict caused by the leaders of this world. The kingdoms or power structures of this world are not God's territory.  If I can give you an example, I have a cousin who died not too long ago from breast cancer. I didn't pray for her to be cured, I prayed for her salvation. I know that she is w/ God now.  Shortly thereafter, my mom was diagnosed w/ the same. Even though I want to pray for her to be cured, I pray for her salvation to be sure. I also pray for her strength ability to fight etc.  When she does pass (hopefully many years from now), I will know that she is with God and I leave the when up to him.
This is my 997th post, the majority of them in the "Creation vs Evolution" section. No, I didn't just get here.  The problem you have is that your claim that "life or abiogenesis is so complex as to require a designer" is a simple statement of personal incedulity, ie you find it impossible to image how life could have started without a designer. I have no such failure of imagination and can imagine how life could have started without a designer. Both positions are simple personal opinion though as we do not know, and probably never will know, how life started. Unfortunately people holding the same opinion as you try to promote ID as more than just an opinion. Yes it is a possiblity, but so is the idea that life started when the giant spaghetti monster crapped upon the Earth whilst cruising through the solar system.  You've not only missed the sarcasm, but obviously the point.
It doesn't sound like just a hope.. and you can not know if there is anything out there to answer, or if a prayer is answered at all if there is. I am sure it does make you feel better, but is it anything but a placebo?  Well, no. The believer will always tell you that his heart is his truth. When you believe you have first hand experience that the non-believer can never know. That is why you don't understand how we can be so sure, and we don't understand how you can't be sure.
Perhaps you need to learn to express yourself better then?  No, I'd say you need to take Comprehension 101.
Right, uh huh. That sounds like a big rationalizing to me.  No its first hand experience. That was my point.   BTW: what do you call believing in abiogenesis. That's not rationalizing, it a huge huge leap of <b<faith</b<. (not to change to subject.)  The bible is very clear that knowing Jesus is a personal relationship and you can't know that or experience it in unbelief.
i suppose i'd also be reiterating your sentiments by saying that evolution is mutually exclusive to the account of genesis, particularly the part that says in the begining of creation man appeared fully formed and functional as modern humans. as far as this is concerned, evolution says otherwise, but i suppose you already know this  Would you please quote the exact verse in Gen. that says man was created fully formed and functional.
ooooh! me like! what exactly are the "right" things to pray for?   welcome to religious logic 101  Sarcasm aside, what exactly didn't you get about selfish praying?
Oh. I am SURE you have experiances that you THINK is a personal realtionship to god.  People take placebos, and THINK they feel better, so they do. That is the whole point. The pill /injection/drink/whatever does nothing, but since they THINK it should, it does.  No, I am talking about a personal relationship, something that you cannot know and will not know because you mock and ridicule. That is your deal man, this is mine and I'm ok with that.
Sarcasm aside, what do you get besides either a placebo effect, or something that can't be verfied BY praying?  I'm sure you've seen my last post.
why certainly  gen 1: 26-30 Then God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness; and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them. And God blessed them, and God said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the air and over every living thing that moves upon the earth." And God said, "Behold, I have given you every plant yielding seed which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree with seed in its fruit; you shall have them for food. And to every beast of the earth, and to every bird of the air, and to everything that creeps on the earth, everything that has the breath of life, I have given every green plant for food." And it was so.   when god made man, he was sexual (male and female), capable of communcation, comprehension and memory (god's instructions) and made in god's image and likeness. therefore, man could speak, walk, pick fruit and eat, etc, all at the onset of his appearance on earth  I disagree. It does not say anything about being fully formed or a time period.
everything. how is elijah's praying for rain to stop falling not selfish and spiteful? how is his praying for fire from heaven not selfish? how is gideon praying for a dry fleece and wet ground not selfish? how was it not selfish for hannah to pray for a son to get back at penniah for mocking her? how was it not selfish for elisha to pray for god to blind the entire syrian army?  apparently there is no logic or formula about prayer whatsoever. you do NOT recieve whatever you ask for. of course, most believers will brush it off with a typical "god works in mysterious ways","its not your time yet", "gods ways are higher than our ways", "god knows what he's doing", etc.   most of the time believers just pray from something very vague and unmeasureable (but just as "selfish") like the patience to deal with their kids, or the wisdom to pass an exam, or something like that. and at the end of the day, they survive their kids and pass their exams, and thank god for answering their prayers, chalking it up as evidence that prayer works, and their faith is strengthened  religious logic qed  Well I may be wrong here, but many things were different before Christ. You had the laws and sacrifice for example. You have God watching over the lineage of Jesus from what I can tell. You had him protecting his prophets from a murderous gang for example w/ bears.  It was an entirely different time and much was different.  You can't possibly know what it is like to have a personal relationship w/Jesus unless you are willing to open yourself up to Him and try it out. There is much more to prayer, but unbelievers mock what they don't understand and have never experienced. I understand that and patiently accept the mocking, ridiculing etc. because I understand.
Ah, the bears. 2 Kings Ch 2:    This is a just and holy god indeed; he has 42 children torn to pieces for calling an old man 'baldy'. I'm sure you're right, though: they must have been a murderous gang really. I expect they said it really nastily.   Oh, you seemed knowledgeable, I thought you would know the correct translation.   It is unfortunate, that the King James version has a misleading translation. It has been established that the original Hebrew is best translated as young men.   As best as can be determined it was a gang of youths. And he was in danger simply because of the sheer number of them.  Now you think big deal, they were just making fun of his being bald, but this is not the case. What they were doing is mocking and taunting him, challenging his claim as a prophet. Scholars have noted that their remarks of his baldness were most likely a reference to lepers at the time who shaved their heads. So they were assailing him - a man of dignity and authority being cast as a despicable and detestable outcast.  This could not be allowed. If God didn't come to his defense of his prophet it would have set a very dangerous precedent.
This is my 997th post, the majority of them in the "Creation vs Evolution" section. No, I didn't just get here.  I meant to the end of this thread as I've said all this before, but really it was rhetorical   The problem you have is that your claim that "life or abiogenesis is so complex as to require a designer" is a simple statement of personal incedulity, ie you find it impossible to image how life could have started without a designer. I have no such failure of imagination and can imagine how life could have started without a designer.   Then you wouldn't mind explaining to us exactly how it occurred. I can, that's why I believe in ID. But seriously, lets here what you have to say.    Both positions are simple personal opinion though as we do not know, and probably never will know, how life started. Unfortunately people holding the same opinion as you try to promote ID as more than just an opinion. Yes it is a possiblity, but so is the idea that life started when the giant spaghetti monster crapped upon the Earth whilst cruising through the solar system.  You see here is where you lose me. Intelligent design, finds patterns in nature. It uses cause and effect reasoning. Ifs funny that you mock valid reasoning and yet believe that the impossible is possible.   I don't get your reasoning. What makes you so sure there isn't a creator?
Yes, I did. Nothing you pointed to was beyond that, and claims of 'YOu have to experiance it to understand'.. (which is ******** from square one)  Seriously man, what I said was I am me and you are you. I AM OK WITH THAT. I suggest you be to. We can't go much further from here unless your willing to try it out for yourself.  Later.
New World Translation: small boys JST: little children NRSV: small boys NIV: youths New American Bible: small boys Today's English version: boys NASB: young lads ASV: young lads Young's Literal Translation: little youths    Please quote the scriptural justification for the presumption of danger. The verses in 2 Kings refer only to verbal taunting.    My emphasis. So, it comes back to my original assertion. They were kids making fun of an old man. And for that your god has them torn to pieces by bears?  Yeeurgh.  Well no. As you've plainly stated above for us, some translations use the more correct 'youths' or 'young lads' not children. And they were not making fun of him. Do you not understand the reference of 'go up'? Please note:  The translation, "there came forth little children out of the city" (KJV) is an unfortunate rendition (cf. "young lads" - ASV, or "youths" - NIV, NKJV). The Hebrew word rendered "children" derives from na'ar - used 235 times in the Old Testament. Na'ar is a very broad root word, and can have reference to anyone from a newborn child to an adult. Furthermore, the Hebrew word rendered "little" comes from qatan, and generally means young or small. In commenting on this term in 2 Kings 2:23, the Theological Wordbook of the Old Testament remarks:   "Elisha being taunted (cf. qalas, qarah) by young lads (II Kgs 2:23) who as members of covenant families ought to have been taught God's law whereby cursing his servant was tantamount to cursing him and rightly punishable by death (cf. qalal)" (Harris, et al., 1980, 2:795).  Obviously, therefore, the immediate context in which na'ar is used will determine the maturity of the subject so designated.   The young men of Bethel mocked Elisha. The Hebrew word qalas means to scoff at, ridicule, or scorn. The term does not suggest innocent conduct. Note the Lord's comment elsewhere: "...they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and scoffed at his prophets, until the wrath of Jehovah arose against his people, till there was no remedy" (2 Chron. 36:16). Too, the expression, "Go up...Go up," is held by many scholars to reflect the wish of these young men that the prophet go ahead and ascend (as did Elijah - 2 Kgs. 2:11), i.e., leave the earth, that they might be rid of him! Also, the taunt, "thou bald head," was likely a reproach. Old Testament scholar John Whitcomb has suggested that this was an expression "of extreme contempt. They were pronouncing a divine curse upon him, for which baldness was often the outward sign (cf. Isa. 3:17a, 24)" (1971, p. 68). http://www.christiancourier.com/archives/elishaBear.htm
I do not know exactly how it occured. Perhaps you missed the bit where I said "... as we do not know, and probably never will know, how life started." We can speculate, build models and test them, but even if we reached the stage of replicating every step required for life to form naturally, we would have no way of knowing if it really started that way.   Fair enough. But I think if we look at it objectively, abiogenesis is virtually impossible. I think for it to have taken place at all it must have required a designer. I look at the complexity of the single cell and see the beauty in it. The amazing amount of information and the obvious design of it. I wonder where people think the design (or DNA if you will) came from, if not for a designer.    I am intrigued by your claim that you know exactly how your chosen creator(s) created life though. Perhaps you can go into some details for us? What design methodologies did it use? Did it make prototypes first? In what order, exactly, did it design every extant and extinct organism? Was it a single designer, or a committee design?   Lets not get carried away. I have been arguing that a creator is responsible for the beginning of life, not that we all suddenly appeared here 6000 years ago.    No it doesn't. It looks for patterns and finds them: it presumes they must be there. This is not cause and effect reasoning, it is shoehorning what you find into preconceived notions. I dealt with one aspect of ID - irreducible complexity - in a formal debate here recently. Read the thread http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6048 to get some idea of why ID is not scientific and is merely opinion.   Well it appears to be an interesting debate, but I am in no way trying to disprove evolution in spite of the fact that I am not convinced that it should be portrayed as factual.  As mentioned previously I really prefer to keep life's origin and evolution completely separate for obvious reasons, again already stated.  Someone previously posted that anything mysterious could be attributed as ID and needing a creator, but this is not what it is at all. It is easy enough to study something and determine whether ID is likely. Take the mount rush more example for instance. (have you read that post?)   If either where true, then yes maybe they would be funny. However I mock invalid reasoning and I see no valid reason to believe life formation through purely natural means as impossible.  That is why you do not get my reasoning: you fail to understand my position. You form a false dichotomy of acceptance and rejection of a creator in your mind and force me into one of those positions. I do not know whether life was created or not. I may have been. It may not have been. We will (probably) never know either way.  I really like that you accept that possiblity of either proposition and I don't want to attribute any ideas to you that you don't posses, but can I ask, is then the probability of abiogenesis as likely as life starting when the giant spaghetti monster crapped upon the Earth whilst cruising through the solar system?
And what is the basis for your analaysis? Where did that 'designer' come from?  I'm not sure why this seems to be a standard question. Why does the creator need a creator? What relevance to the origin of life debate comes from knowing where 'he' came from? It is completely irrelevant.   Do you admit that chemistry happens? Do you admit organic chemistry happens? Do you understand that chemical reactions would go through a 'natural selection' processes too?  Do you understand that with a filter (such as natural selection), rules (such as the way chemical reactions work), and some random variation, you can develop complexity very easily without design?  So then, why haven't you answered my one simple question. Though it does presume you know the process. Amino acids to protiens etc etc. That question being, where did the DNA come from? Even if this miraculous assembly occurred, where did the 'design' come from?
Because we are talking about origins. You seem to want to ignore that question. WHy is that? Because you can't answer? It is not irrleavent.  DNA could, and does devleop from RNA. That is a very well established pathway.  YOu seem to think that ignorance means 'God did it'. That is not true.  Yes we are talking about origins, but the origins of life on <b< earth </b<, therefore God's origin is NOT relevant.  And no, I don't think ignorance means God did it. Ultimately, your belief is a closer match. Just because you can't prove it, doesn't mean you're not right. Or just because you can't explain it or just because the odds are impossible doesn't mean it couldn't have happened by accident. Yah! ok.  Your comment DNA comes from RNA doesn't really cut it don't you think? Seriously why skirt around the issue. For example, you have all the necessary information in one single cell to make up an entire human body, or any body as the case may be. Given the 'origin of life scenario' and if I accept simply for arguments sake that the amino acids were able to organize themselves (oops, can't say that, it denotes intelligence). If they accidentally fell together in a way that was organized however unlikely as described briefly above. Where does the information come from?
Yes, it does cut it, actually. It has been demonstrated in the lab. There have been plenty of articles to show how that happened. It also has been shown that complex organic chemicals spontaniously organise themselves in the proper environment.   I would like you to understand it isn't 'information' in the way youy are refereing to it. Just to level set for your question, please describe what you mean by 'information'? It sounds like you are misreading the dembski's claims, which are invalid to begin with.  No, not really. It has not been demonstrated in the lab in any meaningful way. Unless of course you are referring to something other than the debunked Miller ex.  (on edit) and BTW: (I already gave you this as a freebee, but) the organization of amino acids is not even in the same ball park as RNA. That really is my point in the first place isn't it.  Next, : As scientists began to decode the human DNA molecule, they found something quite unexpected-an exquisite 'language' composed of some 3 billion genetic letters  Please, carry on.
You are making a lot of logical fallacies there. First of all, you are assuming that the compelxity of DNA is a language, ti is not, it is merely chemistry. Second of all, you are thinkgin that the path to DNA happened all at once.. that is not true.   Some articles that might be of interest to you would be "A self-replicating peptide" in the august 1996 journal Nature.  And here is a link to some 'protocells' that can be shown to develop quite easily http://intranet.siu.edu/~protocell/photos.htm   Well, you seem to be going backwards from where I thought our conversation was taking place, but hey ok.  If you want to read a really good debate on this exact thing, please see Clives link previous.  When you're done, please answer the following:  Cell division even in bacteria is a complex cellular process. This raises several questions concerning protocell theory. For instance, how did a simpler cell division mechanism function? How did it lead to the complex mechanism we observe today? Are any remnants of a simpler cell division process evident in cells today? Is the cell division process irreducibly complex?   (Clive, we know you are well versed in this topic, please allow Trebor to respond of his own knowledge and understanding.)
No, it is not reducibley complex, and not only that, even if it was, that would not be evidence FOR an intelligent designer.  You seem to be more than a little ignornat and arrogant.  You keep talking like you know something, but you never say anything. Why not tell us why it is not irreducibly complex?  Why not answer the other questions then? They are certainly pertinent.  Please,... enlighten me.
Why is it irreducibly complex? You do know every claim that Behe made that  somethine was 'irredcuible complex' has been shown to be wrong.  WHy don't you use real information, rather than made up information? That is pertinet you know.   What made up information? What are you talking about? And why don't you show us why its wrong instead of acting so condescending w/o actually saying anything? Is this a debate or is this just you insulting me and telling me I'm wrong.  It seems to be a bit of a catch for you, why not forget the irreducibly complex question and answer the other questions? so...  How did a simpler cell division mechanism function?  How did it lead to the complex mechanism we observe today?  Are any remnants of a simpler cell division process evident in cells today?    How does 'irreducibly complex' show there is a designer? I mean, the answer "we don't understand this yet" does not mean something is irreducibly complex, or that there is a designer.  Why don't you answer those questions?  To promote your viewpoint.. you can't merely attack evolution, you have to 1) Demonstrate why irreducibly complex means a designer. 2) Come up with a test that shows that something is ireducbilty complex besies 'we don't know how that is done yet'. 3) Come up with a testable statement, if proven true, falsifies ID. 4) Have ID get some explainatory powers, and make some predictions.  Until you do that, instead of attacking the places that evolution and abiogenses has the answre 'we don't know yet', then ID is not a valid theory.   Seriously, this debate is not about me proving there is a creator. It is about protocells... remember the nice pictures you gave me the link to. You expect us to just accept that this is proof of abiogenesis w/o explaining why. And you expect readers to believe I am ignorant or wrong w/o saying why.   Come on, give us the answers so we can continue. Just because you insist that you're right doesn't mean that you are. Especially if you can't explain it. BTW, you haven't even given me enough of an answer to show you why it is faulty.  Unless I am mistaken, you had said that the path to DNA happened over a long period of time, not all at once and that DNA is not a language. I have called you on it and asked you to support your assertations.  Move on w/ the discussion or admit defeat through ignorance.
i guess it doesnt (by whatever your definition of "fully formed" is). however genesis makes a point that man, at the onset of his appearance upon earth, was capable of communication, memory and the concept of ownership and dominion. he was sexual and capable of sexual reproduction. he was also capable of toiling land, and had the ability to teach agriculture and domestication.  evolution disagrees  my question to you: do you think that genesis implies that man was fully formed upon his appearance on earth? (point to consider: man was formed in the image of god, who we can assume was fully formed in those days)  Because of other ongoing debates, I don't want to pigion hole myself, however where I pause is in the term 'formed'  You are implying that this happened instantly. I am saying perhaps not.
i'm saying that according to genesis, it happened instantaneously. one minute theres just a pile of dirt on the ground, next minute a fully formed living human is lying in the spot where the dirt was. considering that eve was made the same day, from adam's removed rib, and considering that the time it took for adam to meet every animal in the garden and give them names had already elapsed, the entire process of god converting dirt to human couldnt have taken more than a few minutes  Yes, I see where you're coming from, but I don't think that God created the heavens and the earth and all upon it in 6 days if that is what you are asking.  I know that doesn't quite answer your question, but I really am trying to skirt around the issue.  Lets say hypothetically it happened in seconds and man is fully formed, I am curioius of what your point is?
ummm.... the "murderous gang", according to the bible, was a group of children who were making fun of elisha because he was bald (as children often do. elisha, having his feelings hurt, retaliates by summoning 2 bears out of the woods that prompty slash the children to death (2 kings 2: 23-24). and elisha was not in the lineage of jesus   and i suppose god is now a better god with fairer principles and is taking a more hands-off approach to the affairs of earth? its the new and improved god, ladies and gentlemen!   Well no. I think I have given you enough reference to question this. To mock Jesus I think is uncalled for.  I will respond to the rest of this later as already noted.
Yes, and I was answering a point.. how simpler items can form naturally that can develop into cells.   You are using one of the 'creationist claims' about DNA. This is documented at Talkorigins.org.. here http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CB/CB015.html  It also has reference to peer reviewed articles about it.  I would prefer you to submit your argument and use links just as a back up so that we know that you understand what you are talking about and can directly reply to the asked questions, but for this response I will oblige:  According to your link you seem to think that I am saying:  "DNA needs certain proteins in order to replicate. Proteins need DNA to form. Neither could have formed naturally without the other already in existence. "   And the answer on the website is: DNA could have evolved gradually from a simpler replicator; RNA is a likely candidate, since it can catalyze its own duplication (Jeffares et al. 1998; Leipe et al. 1999; Poole et al. 1998). The RNA itself could have had simpler precursors, such as peptide nucleic acids (Böhler et al. 1995). A deoxyribozyme can both catalyze its own replication and function to cleave RNA -- all without any protein enzymes (Levy and Ellington 2003).    I find it interesting and relevant that in the 'proof' provided on this link it uses the term 'could have' in its argument and not 'did have'. So in fact is simply a guess at what might have made this work and is in no way factual.  I assume that you have brought up protocells because this theory is often used to explain how complexity could have occurred in cells by evolutionary processes.   The theory postulates that the complex cells we observe today evolved gradually from simpler protocells via natural selection  So, unless I am reading you wrong, you say that RNA came first, then DNA. Please tell me more clearly how they started and how this evolution took place.  Also, please explain to me the supposed atmosphere at this time and consider the following:  "The likely abundance of water in the Earth's primitive atmosphere will limit the production of complex organic and polymers in the atmosphere of the primitive earth because photolysis of water generates hydroxyl radicals which convert methane to alcohols, aldehydes and ketones. The hydroxyl radicals may also accelerate the destruction of ammonia so it is not clear whether the compounds useful for the origins of life will be produced even during the short time that a reducing atmosphere existed on the primitive earth. " http://www.origins.rpi.edu
Of course, you do realise that that is assuming that the orangics did not drop into the water, rather than being atmospheric water. There also is the good probablity that life originally started in the deepsea vents.    Ah yes, the deep sea vents theory. Of course once again you have said something w/o really saying anything. I am aware of this theory, but I am going to ask you to explain it for us. Can you put this into your own words? so that I can properly argue why this is not a valid theory.  How does that problem that is not solved be evidence for an 'intelligent designer'?? How is ignorance evidence?? You have not answered that.  Well, actually what I have tried to express from the time I have started on this forum is that abiogenesis takes as much or more faith as belief in a creator. Yet, whenever I represent the facts as they are in science, I am met w/ ridicule name calling, sarcasm and mocking, which really only speaks more loudly to my point for any unbiased observer.   So I have not been trying to prove an intelligent designer. I have been trying to prove the falsity of a strict belief in abiogenesis. I will now ask you to stop trying to change the subject.   You keep on pointing out areas that we are still investigating.. yet.. you refuse to answer even the basic questions about evidecne we have. Until you do that, I will refuse to answer you again.   LOL now that is Funny, that is what I have been saying to you; you're the one who said DNA is not a language, your the one who said that life could have started from protocells and now a rather vague reference to the vents theory. Yet, you havn't been backing anything up.   You havn't answered one question and it seems evident you cannot discuss this in an intellgent manner except to divert attention through ad hominem and red herrings. So, don't answer, that seems to be your modus operandi when you can't respond logically and your really not answering anything anyway are you? However, that still leaves you in the position of losing this argument through ignorance.    I will also point out that the link you gave does not have that quote on there. Maybe you need ot put in a better link, so I can read that in context?  Here is your link: http://www.origins.rpi.edu/chem.html  Title: Chemistry Research Areas Studies on the Origins of Life: The Formation of the RNA World  I will expect to see any of the following to back up YOUR assertations: A. your thoughts on the deep sea vents theory B. An answer to any question that I have already posed C. I would really like to know why you claim that DNA is not a language D. A logical answer to the problem of atmosphere and RNA  or  No answer at all equalling the admittance of defeat.
gnojek what are you trying to say your message was unclear to me (tell me what you are saying)  I agree with this. It's vague and probably misleading.  to gnojek When we are bombarded everyday w/ the 'fact' of evolution (here, on TV, on the internet, in school etc etc.); it presupposes that abiogenesis must have occurred in order to be 'true'. How can someone believe that evolution is a fact and not believe in abiogenesis?
Gosh, where does it say that 'abiogenesis' had to have occured. That doesn't matter one way or another to the TOE. It doesn't matter to the TOE how life first developed. What matters to the TOE is how life changes over time.  But it does, it does matter to the toe. It matters infinitely if it was in fact designed. And based on the c*** sure attitudes I have met on this forum, I would expect more than the answer: abiogenesis is really just science fiction.
Well, it doesn't seem that any evolutionary biologists think that it matters. And, you seem to have a big lack of knowledge on the abiogenesis too. I suspect that is because you WANT there to be an 'inteligent designer' (i.e. god).  So far, all you have done is attempt to discredit evolution and abiogenesis with invalid arguements, poor science, and logical fallacies.  What evidence do you have of "I.D" beside 'oh, it seems to complex to happen naturally, so it was an unnamed intelligent designer which we won't define (but you can call god, wink wink)'?   How many times are you going to go the Ad Hominem route? The obvious signs of losing an argument or being unable to argue it w/ any real ability or merit.  I have brought up obvious and merited inconsistencies in the failures of science to show why abiogenesis is a valid argument. You haven't attempted to respond to any of them except through the additional use of Red Herings.  You haven't managed to show any logical reason why we should side w/ abiogenesis. In fact you havn't said much of anything.   ID uses the same scientific information that abiogenesis does. It is the conclusion drawn from that informaton that is different. You have shown me no reason to believe logically that ID shouldn't be a realistic alternative.
my point is that this is what genesis says. this is irreconcilably contrary to what evolution concludes based on real-world evidence. a process that took billions of years (uninhabited planet, to planet teeming with modern life forms) is described in genesis as taking less than 1 week.  Well, not necessarily. I don't believe it took a literal week. Time is relative and a man made thing. I don't think that God kept our literal schedule.  a process that occured by chemical bonding and reactions is described in genesis as being instantaneously completed by an intelligent and deliberate supernatural force. a process that was completely misunderstood by humans thousands of years ago is described in genesis as having absolute and conclusive accuracy on the subject. a population of humans that evolved from a long line of populations of more primative primates is described in genesis as beginning with a single and lone pair  if anything, genesis can be taken as the dawn of man's self-awareness. around 6000-10,000 years ago, we find the first clues about man's ability to cultivate plants and animals, and use tools and crude forms of clothing. it may even be true that the first "self-aware" homonid was a single man, who's awareness clicked on him when he was an adult. it may also be true that this man's family was the first to assume the concept of morality, and felt superior to the ther homonids that were still running around unclothed and unashamed of their nakedness. if this is the case, then genesis can be considered probably the most well preserved record of the dawn of civilaztaion in humans. i truly wouldnt be surprised if that was the case. in fact, the symbolization of man's first days and generations of this self-awareness depicts a very plausible picture of what really happened. (i can elaborate on this if necessary)  i am of the very strong opinion that the biblical version of genesis is an adaptation of this history. in fact, what we have in genesis is nothing more than a collection of regional cultural tales and legends, compiled by the early israelite scribes, doctored to add a god element into it, then cleverly strung together to form a sort of time-line of events. the israelites were certainly a clever and prosperous bunch, and they seemed to see their superiority over other tribes as a blessing of their god, yahweh. as this national pride grew, so did their god, and so did their exploits. what we have today is the result of a group that seemed to hold on to their superstitions as credit to their good fortune longer than anybody else in the middle-east/north african region  just imagine if pharoah had succeeded in wiping out the israelites. we'd probably have churches praising horeb today  Your reversal of faith astounds me. I bet in your day, you were quite convincing as a Christian. Very knowledgeable and on the ball w/ answers as to why God is real.  Anyway, I don't get into arguing the validity of the creation story. Some things you need to take on faith and that is one of them. I don't analize it, I don't pick it apart, I just accept that we are here and quite comfortably know in my heart that it was by design.  Ultimately, I knew one guy who used to tell me that the earth was 10,000 years old. I thought he was a bit looney. The same guy told me that there were probably dinasour babies on Noah's ark. Did I argue this w/ him. No. Of course not. But again, quite looney.  Someday God may say 'Nidder', you really should have accepted creation as literal. Ye of little faith. Or he may say, its ok it was merely representational. Either way makes little difference to me.
May I chime in? What you have said here is misleading. Abiogenesis is a very specific, scientific field of study which conducts experiments and makes observations to strengthen or weaken the theory of how life first began. ID (or Creationism in a sinister cloak) is an all-encompasing argument-from-ignorance, which says because we don't completely understand how this or that mechanism could have evolved then it must have been designed by a Creator (my vote is for the Flying Spaghetti Monster, personally).   In other words: abiogenesis = specific, testable theory. ID = untestable philosophy. The they are not competing theories.  Bull! They both are specific testable theory. They both use the same tests and are both cut from exactly the same science. You are simply drawing a different conclusion.  Instead of me repeating every argument from the last two or three days how about you actually go back and read the posts and submit your own valid logical arguments instead of something that amounts to no more than "because I say so".  And BTW: we have already covered the weakness and fallacy of insulting your opponent. I suggest you actually support your fiction rather than insult the alternative if you want to be taken seriously.
And where is the ad homeinin? IF that isn't your arguement, what IS your evidence? You refuse to give evidence. You insist on 'Oh, I don't see how what the intelligent designer is relavent'.  I am not attacking you. I am attacking your arguements.  ad hominem, Lets see:    WHy don't you use real information, rather than made up information? That is pertinet you know.  Mocking? Accusations of lying.  And, you seem to have a big lack of knowledge on the abiogenesis too  I have argued intelligently and scientifically in spite of your inability to support anything that you brought up yourself.   The ad hominem simply means attacking the person making the argument, rather than the argument, itself and that is what you keep doing.    So far, all you have done is attempt to discredit evolution and abiogenesis with invalid arguements, poor science, and logical fallacies  Again you are attacking me, not my argument. Are we clear here? You didn't once attack my argument. You simply attacked the person making it.  I think that is enough of examples. You get the concept now I'm sure.    I have linked to several articles on abiogenesis paths. What do you have?  My goodness, you're joking right. Now you're just wasting my time.
Oh really?  WHat ARE the tests for 'I.D.'? You have not showed any of those.  We started out talking about DNA and the complexity of it. You said it was not complex, but gave no proof. You changed the topic to RNA and I countered that. You again changed the argument to the deep sea vents, but wouldn't or couldn't say a word about it.     You have made lots of claims. For example , you made claims about the reduction of the atmosphere.. and I countered with some explainations. Here are some peer reviewed scientific articles on it  You didn't counter w/ anything. And what are all these 'proofs' all of a sudden. This is just another really bad and fallacious method of debate. You will not shift the onus of proof to me. You brought these things up, I countered w/ why they are not valid and you have still said absolutely nothing.  You must prove your own points (w/ supporting documentation when applicable) or concede the points because of zero evidence.
Nonsense.   You are the one relying upon a hypothetical God: you are the one making an extraordinary claim: that God exists. You have the burden of proof.  You are also the one going against the mainstream scientific view of the origin of life. Again, you have the burden of proof.  Your opponents have the presumption, and don't have do squat to win: the burden is upon you to 'prove' your side. Only once you've overcome your burden of proof does the opponent have to worry about presenting any evidence: only then would he/she have to concede points because he/she could not counter you.  Have you met your burden of proof? Gee, I didn't see you prove that God exists. Did I miss it?   Alot of BULL here today. Are you even paying attention.  I was originally talking about DNA. That was my argument and I was more than willing to support it.   HE brought up RNA  HE brought up protocells HE brought up deep sea vents.  And HE has failed to support any of them.  I am not trying to prove any god, but simply ID as a valid alternative.  Our argument was directed originally in this frame and he brought up these topics as to why the presence of DNA was not necessary. So, YES, HE DOES need to support it.  And please, if you're going to jump into the middle of someone else's debate, make sure you at least know what the debate is about.
ahhh... have you thought about the repercussions of genesis 1 and 2 being completely fictional? the creation story in genesis not only gives an account of how god created the world and furnished the planet with life, but more importantly establishes a foundation for christianity by making 2 important points: 1. God is limitless in his power 2. man is in a sinful state and needs redemption  nowhere else in the bible is this foundation laid, and without these 2 points the rest of the bible, including christianity, is totally baseless and invalid  so let's say that the story of god's creation was simply made up as a story. this would imply that the world came into being by some other means, and there is no recorded indication that god did it. believing that god created the universe would be baseless, even from a biblical perspective, because the bible makes no such claim, and where it seems to make such claim is in reality just a made up story  also, lets say that there was really no adam and eve, no garden of eden, no devil-possessed serpent, and no tree of knowledge of good and evil. this would imply that man was never in a state of communion with god, neither was there original sin that all of mankind has inherited. since nobody is "born in sin", then salvation is unnecessary, and christianity is invalid  the dilema we end up in is either genesis 1 and 2 is an account of literal facts, or it is not and the foundation of christianity is false. pick one  as to your "looney" friend, that is exactly what happens when we try to make sense out of god. ideally, christianity works if the patrons exercise complete and unquestioned faith in the "word of god" (which was actually the word of the king/preist/judge, under the guise of being proxy for god). for political purposes, this was ideal, since the people would be not only unified, but totally obedient sheep. it still works today. look at america. sadly (or fortunately), somewhere along the line an independent thinker comes along and asks a question. the rest is history  I'm wondering why someone who lost his faith in no small part to this forum, would then turn around and hack at others faith to try to ridicule and knock their own faith from them?  I'm wondering what hurt you so much that you became that disillusioned and disappointed w/ God?   I have been wondering about my response to your other post, but this seems to keep coming to the forefront as important.  When I read your posts I don't hear the words of someone that seems no more than a tool as some of the others, I hear someone who is pained by this entire thing.  Maybe I'm wrong. But it still begs the question, how did you go from saving to destroying?
At your request I did go back and review the last several pages of your posts and found nothing that talked about these supposed ID experiments. All I found were some vague statements about the complexity and "beauty" of cells and DNA. Is this your idea of an test for ID? That natural stuff looks cool?  I believe you have taken that from a comment to Clive that was an expression of a personal belief and not an argument. That is particularly what I see you fellas are good at. Taking things out of context.    Both myself and DamEtel and particularly trebor have given some very specific reasons as to why abiogenesis, as a field of chemistry and biology is a valid, testable set of theories, and ID is simply an untestable argument from ignorance, invoking the ever-shrinking God-of-the-Gaps.    Really, I haven't seen any. The ONLY thing I consistantly see are the claims of validity. But no actual evidence. Sure I've seen a few references to read this link or that link to figure it out, but it is not my responsiblity to prove Trebors point. The onus of proof is on him to support his own claims, not on me to go searching...   First of all, I made no such attack in my previous post (you seem to be pretty quick to shout about ad hominem attacks when your arguments are called into question). Secondly, you'd do well to practice what you preach if you're going to make such a big deal of it.   From post #228, directed at Clive14:  LOL. That's really funny. ... And something else taken out of context.  Clive had said that I needed to be clearer first, then I said perhaps he needs a comprehension lesson. Do you know the difference between attacking a person via ad hominem and just attacking them in general?   And as for your own comments: you seem to forget your very own comment in regard to my asseration that ID deserves to be a valid alternative...   ID (or Creationism in a sinister cloak) is an all-encompasing argument-from-ignorance, which says because we don't completely understand how this or that mechanism could have evolved then it must have been designed by a Creator (my vote is for the Flying Spaghetti Monster, personally   You are stating that this is an argument from ignorance. Which its not, but ultimately because you said absolutely nothing to back up this 'claim' other than mocking, it really adds up to pretty faulty debate practice and essentially implys that I (or any proponent of ID) am nothing more than an ignorant person who may as well believe in the spaghetti monster.  I don't think I have overused the term and have justified its use both times I've been called on it(which is more than I can say for the argument of abiogenesis), but hey call it whatever you want. Unwarranted, uneducated, unsupported, ad hominem or just plain BS. I just call em as I see em.
actually, it works the other way too. evidence of id would be evidence that a designer exists. if you find a perfectly round burrow in a log, that would be evidence that the hole was deliberately designed. even if you never see the bettle or termite that made the hole, you could reasonably conclude that such a creature exists. interestingly enough, if you saw a beetle walking along the log, just about the size of the hole, that would not be evidence that that beetle made the hole, or lives in it, or is a burrowing insect  similarly, even if we were to prove god's existence, it would not be proof that he designed anything we have observed. however, if we find something that seems to have a deliberate designer, that would be evidence that the designer exists (not "proof", evidence)  I've tried to explain this to them previously in attempt to explain ID, but its almost like if they admit the logic of it, it'll mean somehow that their argument is weaker. And I've wondered what that fear is really all about.   They can say, hey, based on current knowledge abiogenesis is impossible, but even if its an illogical explanation I'll buy it because I don't believe in intelligent design. So, really its nothing more than the oposite of what they accuse and mock the creationist of.   Is it really so different than me saying, hey look abiogenesis is an impossible explanation, that science doesn't back up. And any cell that is capable of replication also has design. Design doesn't come from nowhere so to infer a designer for the design is not that big a leap of faith. And not dissimilar to the inferrance made in your example above.  I've heard a lot of people say over the years including yourself that Christians justify and make leaps of faith where there is no explanation etc. But never have I heard so much of this as in the defense of abiogenesis.
Nider can i ask one question do you belive that if someone belives in sciance one canot be relgious ex(evelution, DNA, The age of erath, so on)?  No. I don't. I do not believe they are mutually exclusive. Science gives us many answers but it does not have all the answers.  Faith is a very individual thing and not the same for everyone.  Why do you ask?
well im juat glad to hear a christan who say that sciance is not evil and if you belive in it then that is a sin  because what i belive is that the more one lookes at sciance the more one must say there is a higher force  That's quite true. I think that many Christians don't look at science because they are afraid of what they might find, but then again, I think the science folks are guilty of the same in reverse.   Science is not a sin. It helps us explain the physical world around us. In fact the more I learn about science the more I find that a creator is the most probable conclusion.  Who told you science is a sin?
well talk to EasyRider if you want to see what i mean read some of the things he has writen in relgion(thred) why homosexualty i think you might find him iteresting  Really? Maybe I'll have to stop playing around in this thread and go have a look.   BTW: are you saying that he is against homosexuality and science?  Please paste me the link to the thread if you have it. I'm sure it will be interesting.  ps. Don't believe what people tell you at face value, whether from science or from religion. Always look for the answer for yourself.
As a Canadian, I'm embarassed by Nidder1...   First off, it is not an ad hominem to point out the fallacies in your arguments Nidder. This is what I've seen happen. Saying, for example, that ID is an argument from ignorance which relies on a god-of-the-gaps mindset is not an ad hominem. It's a statement of fact.    No insulting someone w/o absolutely no reasoning instead of the argument is adhominem.   You just aren't getting it. I do not need to go looking for his so called evidence when he hasn't explained anything. Perfect example. Sea vents.  the only thing he said was that it was a theory that's it. How the heck is that saying anything? It's not so get over yourself. I'm just supposed to take for granted that there is some great sea vent answer and go looking for it. NO. I'm not and when asked, he couldn't even explain it.  Further to this you just seem really confused. Go and read 298 and 304 for a clue. You see there, I'm not using ad homminem, I'm just insulting you.
http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6445&page=9&pp=15 i think youll get a kick out of him yes anything that could possibly contradict the bible  Thx, I'll spend some time arguing from a whole new perspective. It'll certainly be refreshing.  To briefly answer your other question before I go science says that life organized and started by itself - abiogenesis. Or rather organized isn't a good word there as it denotes intelligence. It accidentally fell together no matter how impossible and grew from there.   Briefly ID takes note of the obvious design of a cell for example and infers a designer for the design. Its an assertion that empirical evidence supports the conclusion that the initial life on earth was deliberately designed by an intelligent agent and did not accidentally come together at astronomical odds.  I'll see you at the other link. Got to go for now.
Ah, I see you didn't read any of what I wrote...  Attacking your arguement (which is what has actually been done), is not ad hominem. You claiming to be personally attacked in these situations still does not make it ad hominem   And as I pointed out, all those little links, those point to his evidence. And as for why he didn't bother elaborating on sea vents, why should he bother? It's quite clear that you have no intention of paying it the slightest attention (as we can see from your quote above...). Also, if you're not sure what the "great sea vent answer" is, do you really think you should be debating anyone on the subject of life origins? Or do you actually know what the "great sea vent answer" is, and felt like making him waste his time so he would, hopefully, lose interest in the debate?   Oh, how so? Seems to me I've summarized your lack of an argument quite well. Could you perhaps enlighten me as to where I became confused?   OK, I've read it. Can I have my clue now?   Nidder, this is exactly what I'm talking about. I brought up a few valid points in my post, but rather than adress them, you ranted about no presenting of evidence (yes, there was), ad hominems (no, there wasn't), then proceeded to call me confused and clueless (that would be ad hominem-ridiculing me to make my arguement appear weak).  How about you explain the evidence for ID, how we would test for the presence of ID, and what steps occured in the ID creation of the first life. DamEtel and Trebor have done the same for abiogenesis, so it seems only fair, don't you think?  Look, I'm tired and don't have time for you right now, so your right I really didn't read that big long post that started out w/ an insult. Or this one.  But, no you are wrong. If someone is going to support a certain theory, they need to be able to explain it. I kept calling him on his links and vague expressions because I didn't think he could. I honestly didn't think he was capable and I actually wanted him to tell me in his own words what he was saying. I countered his vague arguments w/ evidence for why it was not a good example and he couldn't counter these arguments, again I believe for the same reasons.   At any rate, it is really quite tiring arguing the same points of debate over and over again w/ a large number of different people. If you would like to argue that ID is not a logical alternative to abiogenesis:  Please *BRIEFLY* state your own argument rather than piggy backing on someone else's. And not, I have the onus of proof. Lets start at my many times posted complexity of the cell.  Trebor went down the road that it could have started w/ RNA rather than DNA to discredit this. Choose that if you wish or go w/ your own argument.  We'll start this all over again **without interuption from others** please.
Have you studied any chemistry? Specifically organic chemistry? Chemical reactions are far from random. Compounds and complex molecules are created every second in a way which resembles design, all due to natural laws. Is there a designer who sits and puts together every molecule in a chemical reaction? If not, why not? Obviously, chemicals can't just fall together and react to form complex structures. Oh, wait a minute. Yes, they can...   A snowflake exhibits design, so is each snowflake created by a designer? If not, then how can you tell which items that exhibit design are created by a designer and which "accidentally fell together no matter how impossible"?  Ok after this I am waiting for your response to the other suggested debate and we'll pick it up there (not tonight I really need to sign off for now). If others must chime in their help, then perhaps I will request a private thread.  Water freezes in an extremely simple manner and is in no way even comparable. You should know this mr. have you ever studied anything. The cell on the other hand is very complex and not even in the same ball park, heck its not even in the same county and BTW: The last time I looked, snow flakes were not reproducing themselves, and they were not organizing themselves and they do not and have not evolved in anyway into anything.  I'm being a little flippant there sure. The point being though that there is no way you can compare the two. .
Wow, I'm really in awe here...  You say you haven't read my posts, have no intention of reading my posts, demonstrate that if something is offered that contradicts you it's ignored, insist that the people presenting their evidence rewrite any and all references for you, declare that you, who are arguing the minority position, have no burden of proof, then finish up by telling everyone to shut up...  And I would want to "debate" you why?   again here is someone taking everything out of context. What I said was I am tired and don't have time for YOU. That just means you specifically at this time, nothing more.    Here's a thought: answer the questions I and others have put to you, state why the RNA world hypothesis is not valid (with references, and in your own words ;)), and what evidence there is to support ID besides "It's pwetty, so it's designed" or incredulity.  If you can answer those, then I'll answer the questions you put to me. But seeing as how you've been asked these same questions repeatedly for the past, oh, ten pages, it seems only proper that you answer them before we get to anything else.  BTW, saying I was embarrassed wasn't meant as an insult, it was just a statement of fact.  This is a waste of time. You obviously have no interest in taking this seriously and you can read whatever you want into that. Your complete inability to follow logic and stay on point is the only embarrasment I see here. At least for the inbiased observer. Not that there is any chance of finding another one of those here save one.
In that case, not. A backbone made precariously vertical by putting an extra curve into a suspension arch; a foodway that crosses an airway; a gut diverticulum that serves no purpose but to act as a site for potentially lethal inflammation - hell, none of these testifies to any intelligent design whatsoever. No obvious god here.  But every one of these can be readily explained as an adaptive modification of a pre-existing structure. It's called evolution.  In that case, where did what these parts "evolved" from come from?
And they came from where?
Where did these organs originate? Did they form themselves, and from what? Where did that "what" come from? For what reason did they change, and, why hasn't the gut diverticulum un-evolved completely if it isn't needed and it only causes harm.
Asking more detailed questions doesn't change the fact that you're still asking "chicken or the egg" here. What's your point? I don't think you're actually asking for a lesson in eolutionary biology. What conclusion are you driving at with these questions? Don't drag it out, just state it.   do you like omeletes or something?
I would reccomend that you take a look at/research these links:  A good overview of the issue:  http://www.ghcaonline.com/CreationScience101.htm  Databases of Creationist arguments. (Index's of topics)  (General and widespread arguments)  http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/qa.asp http://www.icr.org/index.php?module=home&action=sitemap http://www.designdynamics.org/faq.html http://www.users.bigpond.com/rdoolan/creationtips.html http://www.creationdefense.org/_vti_bin/shtml.dll/search.htm http://www.apologeticspress.org/cgi-bin/search/search.pl (specializing in evolutionist attacks on Christianity) http://nwcreation.net/  (A wide spread of attacks on evolution)  http://www.evolution-facts.org/Cruncher%20TOC.htm http://www.pathlights.com/ce_encyclopedia/Index.htm http://www.godandscience.org/evolution/index.html http://www.csama.org/CSA-LOCL.HTM  (refutations to common evolutionist arguments)  http://www.godandscience.org/apologetics/answers.html http://www.creationresearch.org/vacrc.html#CurrentProjects (A creationist, scientific research center.)  (Additional)  http://www.trueorigin.org/ (specializes in refuting talk.origins)  Creationist Books:  http://www.creationscience.com/onlinebook/IntheBeginningTOC.html http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/re1/index.asp http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/re2/index.asp http://www.answersingenesis.org/Home/Area/AnswersBook/index.asp  Theistic evolution v. Creationism. (also in the general category)  (general)  http://www.godandscience.org/apologetics/creation.html  (Bible accuracy: general.)  http://www.godandscience.org/apologetics/authenticity.html http://home.earthlink.net/~ronrhodes/Inspiration.html  http://www.secretmotive.com/articles/why_the_bible_is_the_true_inspired_infallible_word_of_god.asp  (Bible accuracy: medical practices.)  http://www.bibleevidences.com/medical.htm http://www.newhope.bc.ca/98-01-11.htm http://www.pytlik.com/observe/deliverus/signature-05.html http://www.answersingenesis.org/creation/v17/i1/medicine.asp http://www.answersingenesis.org/creation/v26/i1/hygiene.asp  (Bible accuracy: archeology.)   http://www.bibleevidences.com/archeology.htm http://www.myfortress.org/archaeology.html http://www.carm.org/evidence/evidence_archaeological.htm http://www.biblestudymanuals.net/quran7.htm http://faithfacts.gospelcom.net/maps_a.html http://vvv.com/~csnobelen/jericho.html http://www.irr.org/mit/bibarch1.html http://www.ucgstp.org/lit/booklets/true/archaeol.html http://isaalmasih.net/archaeology-isa/  (Bible accuracy: other)  http://www.bibleevidences.com/scientif.htm  http://www.bibleevidences.com/transmission.htm  http://www.bibleevidences.com/prophecy.htm  Creationists debate victories:  http://www.nwcreation.net/debates.html#anchorTranscripts
thanks so much for these sites. they help alot in the defense for creation.
the problem is that the scientists don't rule the world but the fundamentalists do and since Global Warming does not appear in the Bible it can not be true. Right? By the way when the day comes that the fruity nutters are proved wrong it will be too late. And the fruity nutters will say: "It was God's will " We are doomed as the fundamentalist -capitalist axis in the USA will screw the world for good sooner or later.  (Why was this posted in Creation v. Evolution?)  Can you please show me how you believe Global Warming is linked to Christians? I'm a Christian and a Creationist, and I, like all Federal elected politicians, believe that Global Warming would be a bad thing. I think that we should do what we can to stop that kind of thing from happening. The questions are this: can we stop it, what is neccesary to stop it, or does it even exist? Now, how did you all get the idea that Creationist Christians are anti-environment?
There are scientific impossibilities that still happen every day. Because science can or cannot expalin something does not make it true. Take for instance the bumblebee, there is a quote that was on posters in American briefing rooms during WW2 reading " By all known laws which can be rpoved on papaer and in the wind tunnel, the bumblebee cannot fly. The size of his wings in relation to his body, according to aeronautical and mathematical science, simply means he cannot fly. It is impossibility! But of course the bumblebee doesnt know these rules so he goes ahead and flies anyway" So do not rely too heavily on scientific fact, true and proven or still theory. Because there are excpetions to this rule in nature, how can we honestly say that we know creationism is false? or for evidence supporting creationism how can we say we know it is true? We cant we have facts, suspicons, and support, but since there are examples of exceptions we have 2 acknowlede the fact that we dont nkow all of them or why. We don't know, we just try.
Creationists have never proved their theory. They push their agenda with propaganda, outright lies, and undermining the confidence of the public in science. Just look at the stuff that a creationist recently posted about darwin. Quite hate filled stuff.  Evidence? The whole list of links that I presented in the first post of this thread prove that your idea is incorrect.
Evidence for a creator? You're quite the scholar.   In any case, your arguemants have been proven wrong time and time again. I am not inclined to rehash those again.  Thats fine. Now, since you seem to have enough time to continue posting on this forum, I would reccommend that you try to defeat the proof that I posted in the creation and evolution thread. This thread was intended to be a resource for creationists.
I simply cannot argue with your sig line  " Where there is an intelligent design, there is also an intelligent designer."  Well, since evolution is the current paradigm, and I am feeling lazy,why dont you try to defeat evolution?   OK. I'll try to have some good points ready for you in about an hour.  Heres something for you to think about in the mean time: you think the would is billions of years old, right? How do you know?
(if you want to discuss these issues)  Your going to have to explain them more thoroughly, provide evidence, and decide which one to discuss first. Do you want me to try to disprove evolution, or do you want me to defend creationism?
It would appear that the fundamentalists are wrong-footing us on this one by supporting the call for action on global warming:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4642241.stm  Thank you, Clive. I realize it takes a lot of courage to debunk a straw man from your own side, and, at least for that, you have my respect.   As to your challenge of debate, I need to have some things clarified. Are you offering me the choice of the resolution, AFF/NEG position, and time of debate?  Before I get involved in any sort of official debate on this forum, I would need to know the rules involved, and have time to research the resolution, if that is necessary.
Another question: can you provide me with a definition of your position?
My position is that biblical creation has been utterly falsified, "intelligent design" is a joke of a psuedo-science with no evidence to support it at all and that biological evolution over a few billion years has been demonstrated to have occured beyond all sane, rational and sensible doubt. Also the "big bang", cosmic evolution, moon dust, abiogenesis and a range of other things that creationists try to lump together as evolution have nothing to do with biological evolution and biological evolution isn't dependent upon any of them.  I'm happy to debate just about anything around this broad sweep of subjects, though I might have to refuse some aspects of the debate if it involves too much physics rather than biology for example. As to the rules on debating etc, check out the "rules for debate" thread in the Debate Tournaments section. I'd suggest adopting the 5/4 rounds idea suggested and that we each pick two judges and try and agree a 5th one between us. You pick the title of topic, I'm then happy for you to start or to ask me to start.  Basically I've never indulged in a formal debate before, so I'm open to suggestions.There is evidence for intelligent design everywhere you look. Right down to the incredibly complex design of an atom. DNA is another marvel to behold. A person sees what they want to see. If you want to see a speck of dust in the universe with life on it and deny the possibility of life anywhere else, then that is your choice. If you never saw a computer before and came upon one, would you decide that the earth naturally formed it even after you disassembled it and saw that the cpu was millions of times more complex than anything you had ever seen before? Or would you have a sneaking suspicion that it just may have been designed and assembled by an intelligent creature? Ya know, Slap me and call me susan, but I think I would opt for a designer. On a side note, if you know a lot about biology? Could you give me a rundown on DNA?
If you step back and look at the economy, it is even more complex than any microchip or strand of DNA, and yet to try and plan such an economy would inevitably fail.  I think it's a small mind that sees complexity and assumes it must have been designed, there is no appreciation there for the complexities generated by relatively simple interacting parts. An economy is planned. Its planned by the millions and millions of people in the economic region in question from the CEO of the largest multinational corporation down to the welfare bum that plans to be a burden on society. And about complexities generated by relativley simple interacting parts. The fact that everything in the universe is made out of the same 24 particles (that we know of) 48 if you include there antiparticles. then yes you are right about the complexity of the simple. And thank you for that compliment on the size of my mind. You must be sooooo smart to be able to cut people down so well.
Nope. You may see "design" in everything, but that is not evidence for "intelligent design".  Eh? Which is very good reason for not seeing an intelligent mind behind it: the atom is ludicrously complex, which makes it very poor "design".  That is why we use science, to overcome the problems of such subjectivity.  It is an inane choice though.  A million times more complex? I don't think so.   But this whole "if it looks designed, it must be designed" argument has a huge gaping hole in it: natural stuff doesn't look designed. Niles Eldredge, biologist and cornet player, actually made the effort to test the ideas of intelligent design using cornets. He applied caldistical analysis to their "evolution". Guess what he found? Yep, the cornet - a blatantly designed object - just did not fit in any way shape or form into anything remotely like the clade diagrams that biologists can draw up for all life forms: the cornet didn't evolve, it was designed. Likewise his results (the only known piece of scientific research in existence into ID) clearly showed that life was not designed.  Consider yourself well and trully slapped Susan.  What do you want to know?Like I said, you will see what you want to see. And why is an atom a poor design due to its complexity? Does this mean that a calculator is a poor design and we all should go back to using an abacus? And I want to know everything. But you could start by explaining to me how the sugar and phosporous form the polymers that the bases are attached to. How do they bond to each other?
That is the logical fallacy known as 'personal incredibilty'. I mean, the arguement that 'Oh, it's just too complex for me to understand how it could come about, so therefore something even MORE complex designed it'; is rather silly. So you are saying that because you didnt design the boeing 747 that you fly around in means that it could be a random formation from the earth? after all its a much simpler design that a human being, and we are random formations from the earth without design if what you say is true.
Nope, I see what's there. I don't actually care what it is.  What do calculators have to do with atoms? Can you combine calculators in various ways to create washing machines and aeroplanes?  The whole point of classic design is that one starts with simple building blocks (a transistor for example) and uses them in novel ways to make complex solutions. Atoms are not simple building blocks by any stretch of the imagination.  We do not know everything and I know just a small subset of that. But I'll do my best.  The polymer is formed from nucleotide monomers: a combination of one of the four "bases", a deoxyribose sugar and a phosphate group. The "backbone" by itself isn't the polymer. The key to how everything joins together is the deoxyribose sugar. The base attaches via a covalent bond to the C1' carbon atom in the sugar molecule. The phosphate group links the C3' carbon of one sugar to the C5' carbon of the next sugar, again via covalent bonds. Your silly, calculators have everything to do with atoms. Forst of all, they are made of atoms, and second of all they are one of the main tools used to discribe an atom and how the mechanics of an atom work. And I'm sure that if you had enough calculators and the proper technology, you could disassemble the mollecules and atoms and recombine them into any other atom you wanted and form whatever materials you needed to build a washing machine, or aeroplane, or whatever else you needed. As for transistors, are they not also made out of these incredibly complex atoms you speak of? In what way does that make transistors simple? This is for the DNA question. I thought that the sugar and the phospate were the polymer. Can you not link them without the bases?
Presumably then "evolution" is planned by the millions of animals that live and die producing future generations, or not. I thought you were putting forward the idea of intelligent design in contrast to evolution, but clearly not. When you say things appear to have been "designed" you merely mean they are the product of the interactions of disparate individuals without a single purpose.  In other words, you're attempting to change your definition of "designed" to suit the situation - the economy is "designed" by the interactions of individuals, but present-day DNA can't have been produced by the interactions of individuals, because it was "designed".  In either case there are individual actors playing parts, but the total result is unplanned, generated dynamically by their interactions, in both cases the result is complex.Yes you could say that evolution is planned by the millions and millions of animals that have the choice to breed or not Wich are being constantly modified to exist on the planet as each of the creatures choose to change. An example, a virus mutates, and the animals wich it makes ill become modified to be able to continue to exist. Do computers modify themselves so that the next generation will be immune to the viruses that shut down the previous generation computers? Or is there design behind the modification that allows the computer to fend off these viruses? And the word Design can be used in many different ways. So do not put what I say in "OTHER WORDS".
Oh dear, is that really the best you can do? Sorry, but that is pathetic.  1. Click on your "Start" button (assuming you use windows) and go to Programs-<Accessories-<Calculator. Tell me, which atoms is that calculator made of? 2. What century do you live in? Do you really see teams of theoretical physicists sitting around a table tapping away on their Casios working out the workings of the atom? Ever heard of Cern? It uses ever-so-slightly more than a calculator.  So you take the calculator apart and use its parts to build a new device. This is not using the calculator as a building block to build a washing machine.  They are simple as long as they are big enough. The "building blocks" from which they are built are weirdly complex. If I could tell you exactly how those complex little beasts can make something so simple, I'd call it "the theory of everything" and I would become very very famous...  "You're not so smart are you? The calculator in my computer would be my computer. As for cern, I said that calculators are an important tool in describing the workings of quantum mechanics. Just because cern has a supercollider doesnt make calculators any less important in mathematical equations Do you know what a calculator is? Denying a physicist a calculator would be like denying a lumberjack a chainsaw. He could get the job done with an axe, but that would just be crazy! And as for teams of theoretical physicists crunching numbers, someone has to be abble to do the math. and you are an idiot if you think that all of the math is done in peoples heads!
Hi,  I am new to these boards and couldn't help but notice the discussion going on here. Iuris, I saw that no one seemed to be giving you any answers, so I felt the need to give you another view.  I probably won't be able to carry on a discussion because I've got a lot of things to do in school, but you never know. I'm just posting an answer to your question and I'm not trying to refute Darwinism or Neo-Darwinism. All I'm going to do is state the Creationist (or Intelligent Design or Christian) worldview on the universe's structure and origin. I'm not going to attempt to post the evidence, I'm merely stating the claims of Creationism as best I know them and if you want to check them out for yourself, feel free to do so. Please don't look at me for authoritative scientific answers because I'm just a kid in high school.  I believe that the world (planet Earth, the solar system, the Milky Way galaxy, and the entire universe) were created "ex nihilo" (out of nothing) by an intelligent, personal, supernatural being. I will refer to Him as God throughout.  God is eternal: He always has been, he always will be. He does not age or change.  God is omnipresent: He is everywhere. (This does not mean that you are stepping on Him right now. He transcends our universe. His essence is not from the stuff of earth. Does this make sense to you? I can try to explain it again if you need me to.)  God is omniscient: God knows everything about everything. He knows what has happened in the past, what is happening in the present, and what will happen in the future. He is not bound by time, and sees all time from its beginning to its end.  God is omnipotent: He has the power to direct everything from the course of the stars right down to the smallest subatomic particle.  Now then, I believe that God created the heavens (the atmosphere, the stars, outer space, etc.) and the earth. He spoke, and it happened. I believe that there were specific animals created in the first week of time, including man, who was set apart to have dominion over nature. I believe that God created the laws of physics by which our universe is governed, but I do believe that He has the power to suspend these laws as He wills. I also believe that He generally chooses to work *within* the framework of these laws, but again He is not *bound* by them.  Okay, on to specifics. I do believe that at one point the entire earth was flooded with water to the point that there was absolutely no visible terra firma. I believe that most of the sedimentary layers are a result of this catastrophe, and were formed much more quickly than evolutionary scientists would say. One piece of evidence I would like to cite for this is the finding of individual fossils that span multiple sedimentary layers. For example, a tree trunk found vertically in the earth spanning two or three distinct layers of sediment.  I believe that *micro*evolution is a perfectly logical, OBSERVABLE law of nature and that there could be many variations within a population. I do not believe in the concept of *macro* evolution because I have seen no undisputable evidence of one organism changing into another.  I would like to say that I am unconvinced by citations of two groups within a species of animals which have been isolated for a prolonged period of time (two groups of catfish in two separate estuaries, for example) and no longer being able to interbreed. For me, that is not macroevolution or even speciation. Why? Because our classification system is defined by man, and is imperfect. (A St. Bernard and a Chihuahua are both animals in the species "Canis familiaris," yet they cannot interbreed. Conversely, coyotes, who are part of a *different* species, can interbreed with some dogs. Even though we have a theory (or theories) for the origin of species, they cannot be proven to every degree of accuracy: some may be more probable than others. That's the way inductive reasoning works. However, I digress.  In short, the creationist (or ID) view is that the world is created by an intelligent being. I can't tell you everything that creationists believe about the direction of currents, the decay of the magnetic field, or the prediction of the end of the earth. We do believe that the earth is less than 20,000 years old.  I think we forget that a Creationist (ID theorist, Christian, etc.) is no different than a Darwinian scientist when it comes to observing present-day information. Please don't try to discredit the findings of a scientist just because he disagrees with you about how the world began. It is fallacious to suggest:  1) that all creation-believing (or Darwinian) scientists are ignorant of everything in the realm of science. (Hasty generalization)  2) that the evidence is wrong if backed by a Creationist (or Evolutionist). (Ad Hominem)  Remember that the essence of science is that it doesn't matter who brings the evidence. It's objective as long as it is data, it only becomes subjective when hypotheses and theories are formulated.  I could go on talking for a little while longer, but I have homework to do. If this sincerely interests you, feel free to post again, and I'll try to get you more information, or refer you to study material.  CG  P.S. My name isn't Charles, but I am one of "them." Have a nice day.
Folks, remember I told you that I wouldn't be able to bring enough evidence to the table to persuade you because I'm not an expert in the field. I am not attempting to give a scientific dissertation on Creationism. I'm not trying to "convert" you, and I'm not even trying to tell you you're wrong. All I'm trying to do is answer Iuris's question. Please don't ask me for all the scientific evidence. If you really want to know, check it out for yourself. Just because Creationists who post on these boards (like myself) don't know everything about everything, don't assume that there are no Creationist scientists who don't have evidence for their position.  I also would like to point out that if you think that ID is a theory formulated by one man, you are sorely mistaken. Neither is it a new theory. You might be interested in knowing that before Charles Darwin formulated the theory of evolution, he was an intelligent design theorist. (In that day, ID was not compatible with Christianity, just as it is not today. Thank you for noting that. It IS comparable, however.) Of course, we all know that later on, he did formulate the theory of natural selection.  To answer the question: does belief stand in the place of science?  First off, when I say, "I believe..." you correctly assume that there is an element of faith involved. I respectfully suggest that there is some faith involved with your belief in Darwin's theory of evolution. Remember that science is *inductive reasoning.* We take specific instances and attempt to formulate theories about how the world works, but we *cannot* prove anything beyond the shadow of a doubt with science alone. Therefore, whether you realize it or not, your convictions about the world around you DO influence your interpretation of data. Don't think that someone could be perfectly objective. That's impossible.  CG  P.S. My class is having a mock debate over creation vs. evolution. I've been assigned the Darwinist side, and I'm looking for scientific evidence of macroevolution, particularly in the fossil record. Does anyone have any confirmed images of transitional fossils?
Hey, let me jump in on this one.  Creation science has found nothing. There are no ifs, buts or maybes, on this one. Creation science is wrong and has been proven so by the scientific community time and time again. Look at pretty much any post on this forum and you will see this. Every time a Creat brings up an argument, the secular residents of this site beat them down with logic and reason.  No Creat argument has stood up to the test of science. Pure and simple.   point me toward the right way then? if creationists are wrong then why is evolution right? this is a biased answer based on your beliefs. please tell us how creationists were wrong. i would gladly like to see you try!
I can't tell the future. I can tell what is accurate and what is inaccurate. I think we should do our best to have schools teach our kids what is accurate science in science class.  So you think the wrong process was used to determine what should be taught in schools?
I didn't use the words "wrong process". I am not sure what you mean.  You said this;  I can't tell the future. I can tell what is accurate and what is inaccurate. I think we should do our best to have schools teach our kids what is accurate science in science class.  Do you think "what is accurate" is so cut and dried that school boards and voters shouldn't determine it?
When it comes to science, no they shouldn't, without question. I would not want a school board to determine a medical procedure to be performed on me, either like they tried in the Terry Schivo case.  Then you don't believe in the U.S. political system - that's the point I'm trying to make. (US taxpayer funded school decisions isn't comparable to personal medical cases)  A school board didn't attempt to make a decision in the Schivo case.
Medicine is a science. I do not want non-scientific theories or erroneous information taught to people who may end up being my children's doctor. You see, doctors study science. ID is not a valid scientific theory. I want the doctor's who will care for my kids and grandkids to get proper scientific educations, not flawed ones.  How can I say that? Because no proponent of ID can name one scientist who has demonstrated that ID is a valid scientific theory. That's how.  You want doctors for your kids who believe that life has no meaning - if it feels good, do it? Or a doctor with Christian values?
I want a doctor who will make them better. That's why I take them to a doctor instead of a rabbi, minister, priest or shaman. Why do you go to a doctor?  That doesn't even make sense. Why would someone become a doctor if he/she thought that life had no meaning? And what do christian values have to do with it?  ]Now, that is just plain stupid. Just because someone is not CHristian doesn't meant hey don't have values.   For the most part, "CHristian" values suck.  I want someone who is ethical, and looks after MY interests as part of their oath, not one that bows down to scriptures I don't believe in.  Knowledge is a small part of who a person is, and what kind of a job he'll do. The job he does will also be determined by his motivations and goals. If he feels accountable only to man, he knows he can do things that can go undetected by man. If he feels acountable to God, he believes nothing he does goes undetected by God.   Suppose your six year old is in the hospital needing serious, but not life threatening foot surgury. Down the hall is another six year old who needs a heart transplant, and has very rich parents. Word is discreetly getting around that the first doctor that comes up with a healthy 6 year old heart will never have to work again. Do you want a doctor who is only worried about accountability to man eyeing your childs chest? "We're sorry, but your child DIED during surgury, and I have malpractice insurance."  Now I know it's not really that way, doctors C A R E about their patients. Yeah right, just like the auto parts man cares about the fenders and doors on all his cars.   The doctor who believes everything happens by chance, is going to be more ethical than a doctor who believes in the Christian belief of purpose?
Those state's definitions of science can be scary when compared to standards of less than 100 years ago. In 1925, the ACLU advertised for a teacher who would be willing to challange the state of Tennessee's Butler Act, which prohibited teaching the theory of evolution in state public schools and UNIVERSITIES.  Times do change.
Why scary? The world has moved on. I simply don't understand why we are taking all this XXXX in kansas when what we have effectively done is joined the rest of the country in our definition of "science", and we operate some of the best schools in the country. If they want to pick at someboyd, maybe they should try alabama, texas, or california, which all graduate retarded monkeys compared to kansas.  Well the world needed to move on from that one I'll admit. But it's moved on too far IMO. Somewhere in the middle of then and now would be nice.
:xbanghead my question is.. why haven't evolutionists given up already.. hasn't the hypothesis become outdated.. and even considered to be wrong by the very man who came up with the idea?? Darwin himself said if it can be proven wrong then i guess it is.. so why do people keep coming up with new ways to prove evolution right?? is it so they can keep theyre high paying salaries?? to become the nations next biggest idiot?? what is it that keep these people coming back??? is it they really want to be right?? or being S:xbanghead UPER wrong?? i just dont get it!!
It's good to see you too, Demon.    To make a long story short, the answer to every underlined question is "No."   im sorry.. no doesnt cut it for me.. got any sources? or just making things up again???
I have no burden of proof. You've supplied nothing beyond empty assertions, and frankly, they were so poorly thought out that countering anything you said just isn't worth the time. It's obvious you aren't here for intelligent debate if you break down the door and start insulting the other side. If you'd care to pick up the pieces of what you at first meant to say, and re-write your points out in a concise, courteous, and understandable fashion, I'd be much more inclined to respond earnestly.   so youre saying i have to throw in some big words.. and a few sources.. coming from who knows where.. for you to read it and respond? just for you?? naw im good.. on the other hand .. this is an opinion.. not a fact i was stating.. i wanted replies to this OPINION!!!
Scientific American, June 18, 2002   15 Answers to Creationist Nonsense   9. The Second Law of Thermodynamics says that systems must become more disordered over time. Living cells therefore could not have evolved from inanimate chemicals, and multicellular life could not have evolved from protozoa.   This argument derives from a misunderstanding of the Second Law. If it were valid, mineral crystals and snowflakes would also be impossible, because they, too, are complex structures that form spontaneously from disordered parts.   The Second Law actually states that the total entropy of a closed system (one that no energy or matter leaves or enters) cannot decrease. Entropy is a physical concept often casually described as disorder, but it differs significantly from the conversational use of the word.   More important, however, the Second Law permits parts of a system to decrease in entropy as long as other parts experience an offsetting increase. Thus, our planet as a whole can grow more complex because the sun pours heat and light onto it, and the greater entropy associated with the sun's nuclear fusion more than rebalances the scales. Simple organisms can fuel their rise toward complexity by consuming other forms of life and nonliving materials.     Your use of snowflakes is a poor choice. I am not attempting to refute anything other than that example. Snowflakes are simply the freezing of water molecules in the positions they are in at the time the freezing point was reached.
There is one thing I just don't quite understand. Most all evolutionist appear to be very inteligent people. But why they have not used that intelligence to see that evolution just is NOT possible? Beats me....:)     Logic
emoticon_xdonno Logic is supposed to be based on reason.   Absolutely right. And to me reasoning is logically seeing that such complexity and perfection just could not of happend by CHANCE.:)     Logic
Clearly not the only thing you don't understand. I understand with difficulty how someone, otherwise perfectly rational, could actually believe in God.  Who would you imagine more intelligent as a group, creationists or "evolutionists"? You're on to something.emoticon_xgood   Why couldn't a perfectly rational person believe in God? There are many Unexplained mysteries of the universe that has not nor I think will be uncovered by scientist. Think about it what really is holding galaxys together? What strange force is expanding our universe?Do you even imagine the complexity of life itself? Do you really believe that such perfection could of possibly happened by chance? :xbanghead    BTW, please excuse any bad spelling that I may make my first languge is not english......:)    Logic
Possibly. However without a TARDIS or some other time travelling device this is not possible to determine at this time. Science will look for the answers, regardless of whether they can be found. There may come a point where science can not in anyway understand or solve a natural phenomenon, but we'll deal with that when we get there. At the moment we use things we can not solve to refine our ideas, until we get to the point that they are explainable.  There are people that sincerely reject the concept of a creator because they think that, to see is to believe. If something cannot be seen neither measured in some way, then some people think that it simply does not exist. It is true that in daily life they recognize the existence of many things that cannot be seen, like electricity, magnetism, radio waves etc. Nevertheless, this does not alter their point of view, because all these things still can be measured or perceived in other physical ways. But just because of the fact that there is not a physical way to see or to measure a creator does not mean that it just does not exist. There is reason to believe that a creator does exist, just by observing the physical results of its activity. We note this in the perfection and technical complexity of the atomic structure , in our magnifically organized universe, in our singular planet Earth, in the amazing design of all living organisms and in the imposing human brain.    I'm not a physicist, yet gravity seems a big one to me. Look up Stephen Hawking and his theories on super-giant black holes in the centre of each Galaxy.  But, the gravity attributable to things wee can see is way to feeble to hold galaxys together. Its some unknown mysterious dark matter? that holds galaxys together and as far as I am informed, a heck of alot of dark matter is needed to do the job.   Again, I'm not a physicist, but momentum seems to explain the phenomenon. But as creationists refuse to acknowledge the Big Bang, that won't be enough for you...  It is not exactly that it is not acknowledged, the problem is it has many unexplained mistakes.  It does not take an astrophysicist to realize that if they want to completely understand the universe they got to transcend today's level of knowledge about dark matter. It is supposedly 80% of all matter in the universe, so, why can't we see it?    I'm a qualified Palaeontologist, so I'd say I have an idea of the complexity and history of life. I'm not sure what you are trying to say. If you are implying that life is too diverse to have happened by chance then you are wrong. If you are saying life is too complex to happen by chance then read some basic books on the history of life. I can recommend some good ones, as can others on here.   Have not read one that has not lead me to think of the possibility of a creator.   What I don't understand is why the idea that we are all chance occurrences so scary or ugly to some people. I'd appreciate an answer on that one as I've never understood it....  I could easily say the same thing. Why just because you can't see something not believe in it?......:)    Logic
Dark Matter is not what holds galaxies together, it is what explains the orbital velocities of the outer regions of galaxies. Whoever told you otherwise was lying. How do you think you see anything? Unless light reflects off an object it would be invisible. If you don't believe in gravity go sit under a coconut tree.   Excuse me I am the one who tried to say that gravitiy would not be enough to hold galaxys together. Oh by the way can you send me to another tree I really would not like to get struck in the head by a coconut......emoticon_xgood    Logic
What 'perfection'???? Why not complexity? What are your assumptions that are feeding your conclusion?   Logic is only good as it's initial assumptions. Garbage in, garbage out.   You see, evolultion is not 'random' . While there is a random element, there also is a 'filter' to give non-random results.   What you are doing is the logical fallacy of 'Personal incredibility'. You can't understand how it happened, therefore 'goddidit'.  I define evolution as the random gathering of individual molecules and elements that by random, chance accumulation formed the material world, and through random, chance events governed by natural laws eventually caused a collection of molecules to become a living organism which in turn progressed through another series of random, chance events expressed over hundreds of millions of years governed by survival of the fittest to eventually appear as life as we know it.   Evolution would require that through random, chance processes, inorganic materials would gather in such a way to create organic materials capable of replicating themselves. This process would require immense amounts of time in order to occur, and not only time, but protection against destructive forces acting on the material that was to become life.    Logic
Wasn't the definition of evolution that scientists already had good enough for you? Why did you think that it was necessary to make up your own? That's what is causing the problem here. You have included a bunch of random assertions in your rambling definition in an effort to define your conclusions.  That was not making up my own. Isn't that the way it really is? Think about it.   Nope. That may be what your definition of evolution would require. In science, that definition isn't used. Sometimes it means a kind of progressive change, as in stellar evolution, or the evolution of galaxies. The key word there is change, and since stars and galaxies tend to evolve in similar ways, maybe it isn't all as random as you define it to be.  You say that galaxys stars tend to evolve in similar ways. I say the material needed for their envolment is and was already there.    By the way, "survival of the fittest" was a phrase coined by Herbert Spencer, a social philosopher. He first developed the idea as applied to economics. Darwin didn't like the phrase because it is essentially meaningless, especially as a substitute for the theory of natural selection.  Oh yes, but wasn't that same phrase used by Darwin somewhere in one of his books?  You tell me where are all the missing links. Give me concrete proof of some spontaneous generation that has ever been observed. Now, lets just say that a life form did envolve it would have to evolve with many existing functions the first time. A life form needs a mouth, a digestive system, a method of locomotion, and reproductive organs. Just examining the extreme complexity of these mechanisms should stop the argument here, but lets keep going.  With who would this life form mate? This first living form would need to be asexual or have a mate, which was it? What is the proof of either? Asexuality itself demands a complex system of operation, a complex series of commands to initiate. Since we are talking about the first life form, it had to be asexual unless you also want to believe that not only did a life form evolve from inorganic material, but it's mate simultaneously evolved right alongside, right at the same time, in the same conditions, with completely compatible organic operation.    Logic.
It has been shown that animals change biologically without the need for RM + NS. You evolutionists obviously do not disagree with this. My contention is if plasticity can change the size, color, shape of animals (ie finches, peppered moths, tadpoles, etc) then this could give the ILLUSION of evolution in the fossil record. Do you evolutionists understand this concept? Do you understand how if a peppered moth has morphological abilities then it might give the ILLUSION that "selection" made these creatures "evolve"? Same with the beaks of Darwin's/Grant's finches. I wrote a huge post on how animals emerge pre-adapted, and continue to adapt throughout their lifetimes. Do you not see how this could give the ILLUSION of evolution? -- you've already attributed both the peppered moths and finches as examples of evolution -- yet each case is most certainly an example of either plasticity or the "throwing of switches" during development.   And see here's where the evolutionary magic fairy dust comes in; all you guys have to do is NOT TEST ANYHING!!! Don't test to see if animals emerge with correct traits. Don't test to see how future generations may emerge with new colors, shapes and sizes to match their new environment. That way it's easy to say -- "Oh well, that's not evolution because furture generations will not change" or "Oh animals cannot pass on acquired traits." Both of these are intellectually dishonest statements....the first one is simply untested and ignored, the second is a strawman.  Indeed, evolutionary scientists simply do not test future offspring upon environmental changes -- that way they can continue the dishonest myth that their way is the only way..........but it's not the only way.  Yet then many evolutionists will say "oh well....plasticity has evolved over millions of years"  Well heck, has Lamarckism evolved too? This logic is humorous because with one stroke of the pen (keyboard) you have unfalsified your theory. In otherwords you have the following explanation of evolution......yet if that doesn't work out for you, you can always wave your hand and attribute it to "evolution":  Evolution is a strange mechanism.  When we say "animals adapt to their environment" what we really mean is: an animal produces offspring or "replicates" the replicates are close to the original, but not exact copies some of these copies survive and replicate again, others die before they can replicate which copies replicate and which die before they can do so is influenced by the environment inexact copies whose differences make them less well adapted to the environment have a higher probability of dying, those better adapted get a higher chance of surviving to replication age. Individual animals do not adapt to their environment  http://robert.cailliau.free.fr/ByLet...Evolution.html  By the way -- I still have not gotten a decent explanation of how plasticity happens if there is no intelligence in the genome to decipher external conditions. Morphological change begins with a conscious awareness of external conditions...which translates to a physical change. This falsifies your theory in my eyes. ---- You cannot tell me that a morphological change in response to a predator happens simply because of a "chemical reaction." Every creature has brain -- and they all use it differently. --------------------- http://www.fiu.edu/~donnelly/termpaperex1.pdf#search='plasticity%20body%20struc ture'  1) in the presence of a predator, eggs can hatch at later times:   ..... Flatworms (Phagocotus gracilis) were used as predators or predator chemical cues upon salamander larvae (Ambystoma texanum and Ambystoma barbouri). The presence of the flatworms and their cues induced the eggs to delay their hatching time. This resulted in larger, and more advanced hatchlings. This finding supports the earlier field observations that the flatworm preyed heavily on smaller, less developed hatchlings. This shift in hatch time is adaptive and supports greater hatchling survival (Sih and Moore 1993).  Any evolutionists care to explain this phenomenon? How can this near-miracle happen without intelligence?   2) specific morphological changes happens due to predators:   In 1997 McCollum and Leimberger examined the morphological changes that arose in the gray treefrog (Hyla chrysoscelis) in response to the presence of a predatory dragonfly (Aesha umbrosa). The larvae that were reared in the presence of the predator differed in shape and in color than those that were reared in predator free environments. The treatments exposed tadpoles to tail damage and to chemical cues of the dragonfly feeding on conspecifics. The tadpoles responded plastically by altering their color and tail shape. The tail was extended, presumably increasing swimming speed and hence survivorship. The color change was seen in the tail. The appearance of color on the tail is thought to attract predatory attacks on the tail rather than on the body.  3) specific behavior changes as a result of predators  Larval anurans have demonstrated phenotypic plasticity in response to variation in food availability (Anholt 1998). It has been argued that food availability and predation risk are intertwined. This can be demonstrated when food resources in an environment are high, search time by prey is reduced and predation success may suffer. During times of limited food availability search time may be lengthened, thus increasing prey vulnerability to predation (Anholt and Werner 1998). In the presence of predators, search time is reduced as activity is restricted to avoid predation.   4) Diet induces developmental changes in physical characteristics.  Depending on their diet, individuals (tadpoles) of both species develop into either a small-headed omnivore morph, which feeds mostly on detritus, or a large-headed carnivore morph, which specializes on shrimp.   http://www.citeulike.org/user/balicea/article/454684 --------------------------------------------------------------  Thus if plasticity can instantly effect the hatch time of eggs, the size, shape, color, and physical/behavior characteristics of an animal, then about the only place I see a role for random mutations via natural selection is in the wishfully creative minds of evolutionists.  And this study is just on tadpoles. Does anyone think that this is not a world-wide, creation-wide phenomenon? Of course it is. Every creature is a product of their environment. Traits are formed from the beginning of conception -- all the way throughout life. Over time, this may give the illusion of "evolution" in the fossil record.   This would explain why there are virtually no intermediate fossils. This would also explain why gradualism is not found in the fossil record. This would also explain why evolutionists cannot give us any example of random mutations that could lead to cumulative selection -- because they don't exist. S
Many evolutionists admit that animals only change when the environment changes -- yet this is precisely when plasticity kicks in. However, you evolutionists still claim that it takes thousands/millions of years for animals to "adapt" to their environment....What kind of nonsense thinking is this since you obviously are so in love with plasticity?? -- which can quickly alter shape, color, size, structure, and behaviors of animals? And why is it that animals who don't often change their environments are the very same animals who havent "evolved" in millions of years...ie...crocodiles, sharks, bats, etc?  And don't get confused: heredity -- or lack of it -- has nothing to do with this. We are talking only about FOSSILS that are dug up out of the ground and physical, biolgical change.   So my question is this: if animals only evolve when they experience a change in their environment, and if a change in environment activates an adaptive response (plasticity) in all animals of a population, then what kind of logic makes you believe that it takes thousands/millions of years for populations of animals to "adapt?" If every creature in the population changes its phenotype at the same time in response to an evironmental cue (diet, temperature, predators, etc), this could give the illusion of evolution -- or change -- in the fossil record. This illusion could be attributed to RM + NS by highly-motivated, deceptive atheists who have agendas.
Since when is Kenneth Miller-and the millions of other religious evolutionists-atheists?  You've been told and shown evidence for that dozens of times.
Oh God, not this again. I thought Marc was our resident EAC exposer....  That's right!! This one actually remembers that I've exposed it dozens of times!!
I'm sorry I missed that one. Would you mind explaining how biological systems can manufacture new proteins and organic molecules without changes in thier DNA/RNA.  Strawman...ridiculous.  Plasticity allows animals to strech within the limits of their genome. That's why it's called plasticity. It implies streching around a central hard-coded point. If animals could instantly adapt to their surroundings (whatever they were) I imagine we'd be talking about fluidity. I also imagine we'd look like orgainic forms of the T-1000 (in our natural state).)  true...and that's all there is to "evolution" and you cannot prove otherwise. The point is that if an animal is able to morph the color, shape, size of his body, it could be misinterpreted in the fossil record by religiously-blinded atheists.  As a palaeontologist, I suggest you look at the fossil record for yourself, and then decide how complete it is, and whether you can see gradual evolution within it. You may or may not be aware that evolutionary lineages can be traced through the fossil record, not as a straight line, but more as a branching tree (analogy of Gould), and some of these seem to show slow modification over millenia. The horse is a good example of this, and whales also (though that's recently come under scruitany (sp?)).)  Then if animals' fossils are more along the lines of a "bush" then how do you get gradualism out of that? Eldredge seems to indicate that stasis is a phenomenon caused by a lack of environmental changes. Thus animals change only when the environment changes. He gave Ice ages as an example. But sometimes (usually, actually) environments change quickly (ie..migration to new and different climates, new predators, diets etc.) Thus, if plasticity can have the same effect as adaptation, why do animals need to wait thousands of years for that silly process to unfold?  As for PE v. Gradualism, well it seems to me that punctuated gradualism is a reasonable suggestion, where animals evolve slowly most of the time, but react rapidly at instances of environmnetal stress. Indeed Gould and Eldrege seem to have suggested that (at least that's how I've always discussed it, and no one has shot me yet). PE does not suggest no evolution occurs during the equilibrium period, it just suggests spikes at times of crisis.)  You seem to be admitting that the environment spurs rapid "evolution" -- as I just indicated.   Who said that? I seem to recall stating that evolutionary change can occur in a few generations.)  how? What mechanism? Have a neodarwin website to back that up? I thought you said you believed in gradualism....? You can't have it both ways.  Find out something before you post it. I suggest you look at the evolutionary lineage of the crocodile and the aligator (sp?). There's been more in their history than you know. )  Maybe so....I've heard differently.....Link?    Also you are playing on a major difference between biology and palaeontology. Palaeontologists can only erect morpho-species (that is to say species groups based on morphological data, size and shape of bones, specific constructions of bones, and other osteological features) and though we try our best, it's not possible to get the same level of detail as is possible with modern biological sampling. You can hardly stick a needle in a bit of rock and extract DNA. Therefore palaeospecies are (mostly) well grounded on morphological data, but we have to be careful constructing evolutionary lineages due to the difference between a modern genetic species and a fossil morpho-species (except where there is clear stratigraphic succession such as with the horse and the whale). Saying the fossil record does not support gradualism is like looking through an arrow slit from the outside and claiming to have seen the whole castle. In Lagerstatten (sites of exceptional or abundant preservation) some gradualistic changes can be observed particularly in insects (See Solnhofen).)  give me an example of an air-tight fossil sequence that points to gradual changes over time. (don't bother with the horse...Eldredge has already shot that down....do you have his book, The Myths of Evolution?...maybe we can go through it together.)  Your claims seem to boil down to the idea that animals can instantly change when stressed. You seem to claim that multiple individuals, indeed whole species can do this. Experiment time. Take a population of mice, and put them in an area where the walls are closing in. See if they suddenly become super strong, or if they modify thier brain size to create some sort of brake out of natural materials. This seems a logical extention of your theory. Remember death of any mice means that your theory has failed. Repeat it with birthing mice and see if the new-borns suddenly adapt to the situation. I'd lay a reasonable amount of money that you'd end up with mouse pate. (Please don't really do this, mice deserve better than to be sacrificed to unscientific stupidity)  I don't claim that animals have super powers. All I claim is that they have morphological abilities -- obviously these are restricted by certain degrees. I suggest many animals can grow, shrink, change colors, change physiological features such as jaws, teeth, limb length, etc. in order to stay alive and adjust to external conditions. I don't believe this is disputed anywhere. And if this is indeed true, then it could give the illusion of "evolution" in the fossil record. The fact is you don't have many air-tight intermediate fossils -- when there should be billions of them -- so to claim gradualism is quite silly at this point.  by the way...hang around and debate me for a while -- It's difficult finding people on the web who are knowledgeable like yourself.  Another thing is this....I know very little about the fossil record. My main contention is with the mechanism of random mutations and natural selection -- of which even atheist evolutionists are trying to do something about because it is so lacking in the ability to bring about quick variations -- which obviously happen. But I'll be glad to talk about it all with you. I'm always up for learning new things. S  http://biosingularity.wordpress.com/2006/02/04/scientists-evolve-a-complex-genetic-trait-in-the-laboratory  (check out paragraphs 3, 4 and 5.) These go against everything darwinists have ever said about how animals develop traits. The ballgame is changing. Also read my hypothesis -- tell me what you think. S
Strawman? A strawman is a false argument, or representation of a postion erected to be demolished to make one's argumenty appear stronger. (Correct me if I'm wrong). All I did there is point out a serious flaw in your idea. You claim that phenotypic plasticity (the amount of morphological difference between two members of the same species) allows spontaneous major redesign in times of crisis. You have to now explain how that is possible. Changes in the body are regulated by enzymes and protiens which are coded for by DNA/RNA. You have to explain how these changes can occur without changes in the DNA/RNA as you seem to be implying.....  Well I don't know what you mean by "major" physiological changes. I believe there are limits to plasticity, obviously. But I believe that finch beaks can be altered -- as well as designes on moths' wings, jaw shape in animals, teeth, limb-length etc....The fact is I do not know how the limits on plasticity because it's generally an underground science that doesn't get much attention. But the point is, if plasticity can account for all animals' "adaptations" then that leaves no room for random mutations to develop traits -- which is what you claim. Thus the chair you are about to sit on has just been kicked out from under you.  I can prove evolution. Pandion is the one with the references, however the fruit fly speciation experiment, the domestication of dogs from wolves and so on. Any modern DNA sampling can show changes in allelle frequencies in populations over time. That is evolution in definition. ...  The heck you can. All animals have the same basic sets of genes. The mouse has 99% of the same genes as humans. You can't prove jack squat with genes. There is no such thing is a "rat" gene or "cat" gene. The fact is, no one knows what makes a rat a rat -- or cat a cat. Nice try.    As to your point about animals spontaneously morphing, prove it. Show me a case where an animal spontaeously changed from one size and shape to another. I mean scientifically observed (and none of this conspiracy bull**** please, it gets tired quickly), where one individual modified its teeth, jaws, body size (apart from fat deposits) or overall colour (apart from animals like chameleons (sp) which are exapted for colour changing)....  I've already given links for tadpoles and snakes as far as jaw structure. Have you ever heard of a degrading mutation? It makes animals smaller. Not all have this ability but many reptiles and fish do. I will throw you some links on a future post. The fact is EVERY animal can change its phenotype based on environmental changes. If you doubt this on a specific animal just ask....I can probably find you a link. Birds, mammals, fish, bugs, insects, spiders, etc .....all have different abilities based on their God-given internal program.  http://www.newton.dep.anl.gov/natbltn/700-799/nb706.htm   Well either Eldredge was wrong, or the text you are reading from is. As I said, evolution occurs all the time, however mass-speciation (the point at which many new species appear) may be driven by environmental change (actually probably driven by mass-extinctions freeing up ecological niches, which are themselves caused by some environmental reason)...  I've got the book. He is also a paleontologist and sees the same info as you.    Here comes rapid evolution, and adapting to a rapidly changing environment is in itself a mechanism of natural selection....  Did the finches and peppered moths evolve through Selection? I say they evolved through plasticity. your natural selection could never create an animal because it has no I.Q -- and neither do random mutations.   You have a hang up on thousands of years! You seem to think that evolutionary change must take millenia to act. Evolutionary change has been observed in a few days (maybe even hours). Pandion has the reference on the IC bacteria with the evolution of the digestion mechanism. There is no need for animals to 'wait' for evolution to occur. Evolution works on generations and populations not within individuals. See the Giraffe/Acacia Arms Race (Red Queen Hypothesis)....  You have no biological mechanims under neodarwinism to produce new traits. PERIOD. Thus you must wait thousands of years for random mutations to occur. This happens at a rate of less than 1 per billion organsims. (Source: Lee Spetner)  I seem to admitting that because I am! The environment drives the mechanism of natural selection and therefore of course has a big impact on evolution. I do not however accept your hypothesis of individual plasticity. Provide some proof, and then I'll consider it....  What would you like? I have tons of links.  I don't have it, and Pandion assures me that it doesn't exist. I'll take his word for it, as the rest of his information has been accurate....  You're both wrong. I'll give you more quotes out of it if you'd like. The fact is I bought that at a half-price bookstore. I've bought about 20 evolution/creation books that way. I'd list them all but no one would care.  Simply I can't give you an air tight sequence. We weren't there to observe it, and therefore we can't guarantee 100% accuracy. I can suggest the evolution of the whale and the evolution of the horse (read Bully for Brontosaurus by Gould to see what I mean). That doesn't mean that the ToE comes crashing down. It just means that scientific rigour forbids us from taking anything for certain without definate proof, and we don't have definate proof, only very strong evidence....  ie...no evidence    They can change them, but not in individual animals, only over the course of generations.... You've kinda taken a product of evolution and claimed it can all occur without any time at all, which doesn't happen. For example, if we put you or me in the Congo, we wouldn't suddenly turn into hairy ape like creatures able to swing through the trees in the manner of a gibbon, or be able to eat plants like a gorilla. I do know some people who look like chimps, but they are here in Portsmouth, and don't spend there time picking each others hair and eating termites.......   stawman....I never said that could happen. I bet a Mammoth could lose his hair though if he migrated to the desert though! Also, his future generations would be born without hair.  That link you provided actually shot your own argument in the foot. The evolution of that dual colour (also seen in lizards) required a 10 generation turn-over before becoming marked. That was 10 generations of selective breeding. So it wasn't a individual change. The individuals at the end had the ability to perform that change, but that was due to exaptation based on genetic change over the generational turnover. It was an interesting article...  The only thing of importance at that site was his description of how animals use their minds (through hormones) to create different traits. He did nothing spectacular -- nothing that doesn't happen in nature all the time.
just to follow up on finches and plasticity: Here's what an evolutionary biologist admitted:  Oxford evolutionary biologist Mark Ridley confirmed that for "the theory of evolution by natural selection ... A mutant that produces on average 1 per cent more offspring than its alternative allele ... would take 4,266 generations to increase in frequency from 0.1 per cent to 99.9 per cent of the population"....Darwin himself emphasised that "natural selection is a slow process":...Therefore, I assume that this change is not even Darwinian natural selection of random micromuations, but is in fact an example of "phenotypic plasticity", i.e. "The ability of an organism with a given genotype to change its phenotype in response to changes in the environment":  http://creationevolutiondesign.blogspot.com/2006/07/instant-evolution-seen-in-darwins.html
Since when is Kenneth Miller-and the millions of other religious evolutionists-atheists?   You've been told and shown evidence for that dozens of times.  Your only evidence has been nothing more than personal increduality. "Since Miller isn't here, I can't cross examine him, so obviously he's lying."  I'm not incredulous because Miller isn't here, I'm incredulous that not a single one of the "millions of other religious evolutionists" are here.
marc9000 lies again. Both Jo Bennett and jyoshu have claimed to accept evolutionary explanations and both claim to be religious to some extent or another. marc is aware of both of these cases.  While I haven't really looked, I haven't noticed Jo Bennett or jyoshu enthusiastically parroting and supporting Kenneth Miller. If electrolyte can't link me to their posts that do that, electrolyte lies again. emoticon_xangel    Simply put, marc is now "incredulous" that there are any Catholics.  I'm incredulous that you imply that ALL Catholics reject the book of Genesis and support the politics of atheism, in the same way that Kenneth Miller does.
Methodist Evolutionist reporting, what do you need?  A Methodist? The Bible that the Methodists use teaches that God planned the world - that God had an exact and perfect plan for the world, ALL it's events and occurences, foreknowledge of all it's creatures, and control of the whole system. So question A would be;  Do you believe he did not create it - do you believe in the same randomness in evolution that is championed by atheists?  In the book of Colossians, Chapter 2, verse 8 reads like this; "See to it then that no one takes you captive through hollow and deceptive philosophy, which depends on human tradition and the basic principles of this world rather than on Christ.  From another recent post of yours;  I am reminded of Bill Maher who once said about the intelligent design debate: "Because you don't have to teach both sides of an arguement when one side is retarded."  St. Mark, 13:19) (Jesus is speaking) "For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be."   I believe Bill Maher (and obviously many others) may have taken you captive through hollow and deceptive philosophy. So question B would be;  Can you explain how you have not been taken captive as described in Colossians 2:8?   I may have more questions, but I won't waste anymore time on you unless I think you've attempted to answer these two in a sincere way.
Well, gee marc, somehow your post seems to have escaped my notice until now. Nevertheless...  Oh, I knew that - I knew I'd never get a last word like that one.    First, notice how marc straps the goalposts to his back and takes off to Timbuktu:  So originally one merely needs to be a theistic evolutionist, then one needs to be a rabid Kenneth Miller fan, else I'm lying. Riiight...  LOL and if you'll check back to post #17 where ORIGINALLY the subject was Kenneth Miller, we'll see that goalposts weren't moved at all.   Here an instance where jyoshy clearly articulates his acceptance of evolution.  Is that not enthusiastic enough for you, marc?   Out of context - I'm not going to waste time explaining it.  Here is where jyoshu has an exchange with you regarding theistic evolution, where he more than hints that he accepts evolutionary theory. Four posts later, you explicitly acknowledge that you are aware of his views. You go on to say that you don't understand it, which leads us to the conclusion that most of us already suspected: If you don't understand it, you don't believe it. You don't understand evolution, so you don't believe it happens. You don't understand counterarguments, so you ignore them. You don't understand theistic evolutionists, so you pretend they don't exist. After all, this is easier than actually thinking or backing up one's position.   You misrepresented that exchange really well, were you hoping I wouldn't go back and check it out? Jyoshu and I had several exchanges there. You reference post #97. Post #114 went partially like this;  Originally Posted by marc9000  As a Christian, I believe that direct admonition concerned the rest of the Bible. I can't imagine what else it would concern. What does a theistic evolutionist think it concerns? That it's not all that important - just like an atheist?    I'm not going to get into a verse-by-verse exposition with you here........   He obviously didn't want to discuss it much, and that's fine, he and I are usually in agreement.  My last line in post #119 went like this; Science is political. Haven't I shown that it can be elevated beyond the reach of the political process - do you now better understand why I get nervous?   THAT is what our exchange was about - why some Christians get nervous at the philosophy of todays atheism and how it affects politics. He never responded further.   Now, do I need to track down Jo Bennett's too, or can we just trust that your window-dressing denial has been exposed? I'm thinking the latter.   I'm thinking the former, maybe I can expose your dishonesty there too, if I feel like taking the time that is.    I'm incredulous that you think I'm implying that any Catholics out-and-out "reject the book of Genesis and support the politics of atheism." Well, not really all that incredulous.. After all, you've shown gross incomprehension before...  Here's how it went;  Originally Posted by marc9000  I'm not incredulous because Miller isn't here, I'm incredulous that not a single one of the "millions of other religious evolutionists" are here.   .....Simply put, marc is now "incredulous" that there are any Catholics.   In Kenneth Miller's public action that I've seen, he rejects the book of Genesis and supports the politics of atheism, and any time I mention him, you equate ALL Catholics with him.    In any case, chaoticgnome is here, so there's one more person you can pretend doesn't exist.  Yes, you need all the help you can get....we'll find out if chaoticgnome is a more mature debator than you. I suspect he may be after reading some of his other posts, but being more mature than you isn't exactly a feat of gigantic proportions.
Must be busy.   Yes, I am busy. :) I usually have time to post every second or third evening.   While I wait, here's a question for you. You obviously feel the bible is to be taken in a literal fashion, otherwise there would be no conflict with evolution and the bible. However, in the Bible there are two stories of creation in genesis. In the first, God declares things to happen and they do, and man is created last among all of the creatures.  Later, God creates the Garden of Eden in very mythological fashion. He makes man from the Earth instead of just willing him into being. Afterwards, after Adam is made, God makes the animals for company. These two creation stories show very different forms of God and different orders of creation.  Can you, faced with this fact, still argue the bible is the direct word of God and must be taken at its word? Or perhaps, the bible is written by men, and is a guide towards God, but not a perfect one.  I'll respond to this one first, since it's going to require me to repeat something from memory. (with paraphrasing since I don't remember it word for word) I saw it months ago but I don't remember where. I think I can remember the basics. First, this quickly found link;  http://www.christiananswers.net/q-abr/abr-c001.html  Recently, however, it has been emphasized by scholars like Alter that whatever their origins may be, "the two accounts are complementary rather than overlapping, each giving a different kind of information about how the world came into being."   Now for this little story - fictional, but it helps make the point.  Two women (friends) are part of a group at a bus stop waiting for a bus. As the bus pulls up, the crowd surges forward and one of the women loses her balance, and is hit by the bus. Injured seriously, but not life threatening. As the ambulance is called by cell phone, her friend calls the injured womans husband at work to let him know what's going on. "Don't come here, the ambulance will be here and gone by the time you would get here - I'll call you as soon as we get to the hospital - not sure which hospital yet." The anxious husband hangs up the phone and waits - a full 45 minutes goes by before the police show up at his job in person! "We're sorry sir, but we regret to inform you that your wife has just been killed in a car accident." (husband) "But they said her injuries weren't that serious - that the bus wasn't moving all that fast." (police) "Sorry sir, the injuries were quite serious - she held on a short time, but didn't make it. There was no bus involved."   No bus involved?? What would you expect the husband to think? Why can't these stupid people get their stories straight?   As it turns out, both stories were exactly right. While waiting for the ambulance at the bus stop, someone in a car offers to take the woman to the hospital before the ambulance gets there. On the way to the hospital, that car wrecks and the woman is killed. Without that information, how could anyone not immediately think that one story had to be wrong?   I suspect a lot of seeming "Biblical contradictions" have explanations like this.
Last time I checked, the Methodist bible is exactly the same as any other bible. You make it sound like the Methodists were given golden tablets to read out of a hat.   There are others, not really different versions, they just have less, or additional, content. The Jewish Bible is Old Testament only, (arranged differently) and the Roman Catholics have the Apocraphal books included. But I am a Luthuran - I'm glad we can settle on the KJV, and other more modern translations of the 66 book Bible. Protestant - Luthuran, Methodist, and many others.    You also seem to try to put doctrine into my own religion.   I didn't put any doctrine in, it's already in there. Many, many Bible verses, and the overall Christian religion, support it.   Maybe my pastor was just a dirty liberal, but his sermons were concerned with salvation of the soul and doing what is right, rather than on God's plans for the platypus   Salvation and doing what is right can be very complex - it can involve God's plans - events - foreknowledge - control, etc. It would be nice if science would stick with current, hands on scientific things rather than coming to anti creation conclusions that it has no business coming to.    The motives and intentions of God are far too vast for simple mortals like us to concieve.   I agree - most he does not want us to know about. But SOME he does. We have an instruction book.  Should we argue over the apparent randomness of the number pi? It is entirely possible that all evolved species are part of a great plan that merely seems random, but is in fact guided, almost like Smith's guiding hand of capitalism. However, such arguements are designed for theology, and evolution is about science.   Then why is science so eager to involve itself with theology? Why does science constantly proclaim non guidance as fact?   Who is to say which of us is taken in by captive and hollow philosophy? You argue that the last 100 years of scientific inquiry into how animals devloped is wrong, and that your version, which cannot be verified or falsified due to its holy nature, is in fact correct.   You misrepresent my position. I trust that most scientific inquiry is correct. It's wrong when it comes to an anti Biblical conclusion that it doesn't have enough evidence for.    No doubt you can quote me any number of bible verses that can be interpreted to mean that dinosaurs existed in biblical times, or that the world was created in seven 24 hour days, but these words are not absolute and can be interpreted in many different ways. This fact is self evident because there are so many different denominations of Christianity that interpret the scripture differently.   I agree - God didn't make us all identical robots, and I believe it's part of his plan for different people to worship differently. (I visited a Baptist church recently and it about drove me NUTS emoticon_wow - Luthurans are ice cold compared to that.)   I don't claim to be a YEC - I accept that there could be a huge time gap between some Genesis verses, I don't care about that. The literal 7, 24 hour days contraversy doesn't interest me either. But science goes beyond it's secular bounds when it claims there was no flood, or that man and monkeys share a common ancestor, or that life is non guided. That's atheism - atheists have a right to say it, to champion it however they choose, as long as it's done no more publicly - no more established - than any other ideology.   By what right do you claim that I am the one taken in by hollow philosophy?   You and atheists on this board seem to get along well. Your sig looks to me like it mocks God.   My philosophy is backed by the scientific method and constant reexamination.   Each generation, maybe somewhat subconsiously, thinks it knows it all. Some notable person (sometime around the year 1900) proclaimed that "everything that can be invented has been invented." Science today thinks it now knows enough to proclaim what's wrong with the Bible. The Piltdown man hoax lasted for about 40 years. Other scientific hoaxes have stayed around for long periods of time. Where's the guarantee that no scientific hoax is having theories built upon it today? There's far more money in science today than ever before.   Your philosophy cannot ever be questioned, because you know it in your heart it is truth and others should know this naturally as well. It must feel good to be so sure of yourself.   You see something elevated in me, over others, in being "sure of myself"? Maybe you should check the posts of about 15 arrogant atheists on this board and see how sure of themselves they are. Or read up at talkorigins.   The main thrust of Colossians 2:8 is that philosophy from man is inferior to philosophy from Christ. Until you can show to me that Christ claimed the world was created in its exact form with all animals made exactly as they needed to be, then your philosophy is no less worldy than mine.   How about Christ mentioning the flood? Matthew 24:38. Jesus directly referenced the flood. Today's science proclaims that it did not happen. As a theistic evolutionist, please give me a detailed explanation of that.   From my experiences, Christ was far more interested in protecting the innocent and making sure people did what was right. It's possible the quote escapes me, but I'm pretty sure Jesus didn't rant about creation.   I've already referenced where he said something about creation. (in an earlier post) How many times would he have to say it before theistic evolutionists would believe it?   How very magnaminous of you to offer this opportunity to me. Unfortunatly, from where I'm sitting, the burden of proof is yours. In science, a theory must be able to explain natural phenomena and make accurate predictions about the world.   Accurate predictions, yes. In 1912, man was smart enough to build the Titanic, and stupid enough to let it sink. In almost 100 years, I don't see man as having improved himself enough to start declaring what's true and what's false about the Bible - what happened long before recorded history.   As we develop, theories are continuously refined to better fit the data presented to us. This is why Newtonian physics are still taught. They are technically correct, they just have to be further refined in special circumstances, when relativity comes to play. Explain to me why the theory of evolution, which is still the best theory that both explains biological phenomena and makes predictions for future developments, should be overturned?   I never said it should be overturned. It should be kept to it's proper limits. It's references to "no flood" and "non guidance" should not be established to the same extent as the Thanksgiving day holiday, for example.   It would require powerful evidence, almost as powerful as what was required to modify Newtonian Physics. Quotes noting some random anecdote about carbon dating does not create a viable alternative  There's not enough powerful evidence for it, to directly overturn the flood event, or the belief that life is guided by God. Does theistic evolution believe that the entire book of Genesis should be overturned? How would the rest of the Bible hold up with it missing? Matthew 24:38 would have to go, wouldn't it?
Genesis Chapter 1 verse 11; 20-27   Genesis Chapter 2 verse 7-8 and 18-19   In the first story, animals are made first and man second. In the second story, man is made first and animals follow. This isn't a diffeent point of view, it's two different causalities. I don't think your example applies in this situation  I think it does! :)   Verse 19; 19And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.   Where do you get a definite timeline for the part I highlighted? He could have formed them long before he made Adam, and brought them unto Adam later. The part I highlighted could have been a reference to animals that were already here, simply identifying what he then brought unto Adam to see.  2:19 started off with the word "and", not "then", so it does not suggest a timeline. (In the KJV, 1:26 also starts with the word "and" - so does 1:11)  You're taking us off topic, I'm interested in finding some substance to theistic evolution, so far I'm not seeing it. Why isn't there a theistic evolution denomination? One that edits the Bible to make it compatible to evolution? With church buildings, central offices - all the things that Methodists and Luthurans have? Why are the "millions" of theistic evolutionists content to worship at churches that they believe are basically wrong, or not go to church at all?   I'm interested in having a discussion with YOU, Methodist. Are you going to address my post #41 at all? Or did the two atheists address it for you? I'll address anything they've said that you want me to address - just point out their questions, or copy paste them.   You're a Methodist, and I'm a Luthuran, and atheists believe there is no God. Wouldn't you think atheists would have the same degree of disdain for both of us? Why do you suppose they butt in here against me, addressing questions that weren't asked of them? Answering questions directed to you? Are you comfortable when atheists do that? Do theistic evolutionists have ANY political disagreements with atheists?
I was thinking about that post. As far as I can tell, you're main arguement can be summed by this quote    There are two problems that are represented by this quote. First, you mix up science and religion.   Science and religion are mixed. Each side, each worldview accuses the other side of mixing them, but there's no question they are mixed. There is a political conflict between them. If there wasn't, this forum wouldn't exist, constant court battles about separation of church and state wouldn't exist, talkorigins wouldn't have dozens of pages devoted to the critisism of creation, etc. Surely you agree with that.   It has to do with your insistance on me telling you how one can be a 'theistic evolutionist.' The term implies that the two relationships are somehow connected, but in fact they describe a person just as the term theistic capitalist does. The first term describes a person as having religious beliefs, the second term refers to a secular concept that person believes in.   And many are using that secular concept to try to disprove religious beliefs - a secular concept politically conflicts with religious beliefs. Atheism had been around since the beginning of the establishment of the U.S. government, but only recently has become notably politically active. That's because until only recently, it hasn't been associated with any kind of education. It's been a, "Duh, if I don't see it I don't believe it" mentality. I believe it was Richard Dawkins who said something like "evolution enables one to be an intellectually fullfilled atheist." What atheist doesn't want to be intellectually fullfilled? How many subjects to they have to run to for it? ONE? Science? Religion has always been about education - history, archeology, etc. Each belief system involves knowledge, and they conflict.   Evolution does not counter the important points of religion.   That zinger is made by atheism and theistic evolution all the time on these forums, and I've shown it to be so wrong many times. "Evolution's" attempts to counter religion is so widespread, I can show it with a different example everytime I see it. Richard Dawkins (a scientist / rabid atheist) wrote a book called "The Blind Watchmaker", where he attempts to use science to promote atheism. How about this one from talkorigins;  The process of evolution leads naturally to social animals such as humans developing ethical principles such as the Golden Rule.   http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA001.html  Are you going to say that doesn't counter an important point of religion? Is atheism, and theistic evolution in perfect harmony on that statement, like they seem to be on everything else? Is there anything that atheists and theistic evolutionist disagree on, politically?  Do theistic evolutionists get upset if school children are taught the above proclamation? It's secular, so the ACLU doesn't. You see, when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined. Government cannot be completely neutral when it comes to some political decisions.    The two of us arguing over how to interpret those lines in Genesis shows that the bible can be interpreted in many different ways and not all of them have to be a literal interpretation. The theory of evolution describes how animals were created. It makes no moral judgements at all. That is left to men.   There is a difference between the disagreements in interpreting some details that are left out of the Bible such as the age of the earth, and proclaming that something clearly described in the Bible such as the worldwide flood, DID NOT HAPPEN. Suppose science decides to study the Red Sea to see if it was parted like the Bible describes, and determines it was not parted. Suppose science studies to see if Soddom and Gomorrah were actually destroyed as the Bible describes, and determines that they weren't. Would theistic evolution be comfortable with these determinations? Maybe if those cites weren't destroyed, maybe there was no immorality going on there? Maybe "if it feels good, do it" isn't such a bad philosophy after all? How does theistic evolution draw such a hard, distinguishing line between Biblical history, and behavior standards? Since they've not bothered to establish a church denomination, it makes me wonder how much they love the Lord their God with all their heart, with all their soul, and with all their might.   Your second problem lies with how you interpret science.  This statement runs counter to how science works. There has to be evidence to support a flood event, not a lack of evidence denying it. According to science, the bible is not a reliable source of data. You need observable phenomena, eyewitness testimony is not enough.   Something that happened thousands of years ago cannot be ovserved by science. Science has taken it upon itself to be the superior form of knowledge - to throw out written history, and demand only scientific proof for anything it wants. There has to be legitimate doubt about written history for any entity to demand proof, more than just a desire to prove atheism.  I think science is limited by two things, in it's ravenous appetite to re-write history;  1) Science can't directly observe the past. It's conclusions are no better than the imperfect humans worldviews who reach them.   2) The main one - those who represent science have no way of knowing that they have all the information that exists. It goes back to my previous point about each generation thinking it knows it all - you didn't address it.   When I suggested you may wish to overturn science, you replied.  I'm not exactly sure how highly you grade the Thanksgiving holiday, but I'm more intrigued about your statement that science should be kept to its proper limits. This would likely be the same sort of arguement Galileo was given as to why people should ignore the truth staring at them through a telescope.   Could it be similar to the argument made by atheists 80 or so years ago, about the truth staring at them in the bones of Piltdown man? Why is TODAY'S generation the one that finally knows it all?    Historically, religion has resisted many attempts to redefine how the world works, and invariably they have had to adapt to science.   Historically, atheism has resisted new evidence since Darwin, of just how mathematically improbable naturalistic evolution is, and they refuse to adapt - to consider other testable, repeatable, secular subjects like math, or the new paths of science that the subject of I.D. can bring.    In all of this redefinition of the world, however, the moral code and recommendations for how to live a good life remain intact. This is what is truly important in religion, and that is where my theism lies.  You don't see any conflict? You don't see science involving itself with it?   Here's some more scientific wisdom from talkorigins;  Evolution does not teach that humans are animals; biology in general does (and so does the Bible, in Ecclesiastes 3:18-21). More specifically, humans are a species of primate, which is a category of mammal, which is a category of vertebrate, which is a category of animal. This was known more than 2000 years ago.   As a theistic evolutionist, surely you know that the book of Ecclesiastes has a purpose - to investigate life as a whole and teach that in the final analysis life is meaningless without the proper respect and reverence for God. Are you comfortable when a scientist misrepresents the Bible to make a scientific claim?
marc9000 needs to either outright say that a perfectly literal interpretation is correct and we can move the debate from there, or he needs to explain why he feels that his biblical interpretations are allowed and ours are not.  They are all "allowed". How they become involved in politics is where the conflict is, and a conflict involves two opposing forces. How much we allow unprovoked atheism to alter U.S. foundations and traditions, and whose side theistic evolutionists are really on.
And, he has to explain why his literal biblcial interpretation is more accurate than other people's literal interpretation.  That's not what this discussion is about, it's about the differences between theistic evolution, and atheism, as they relate to politics. So far I'm not being shown any.
This discussion has absolutely nothing to do with politics. You're arguing against the logic of being a theistic evolutionist. Showing there is a political conflict between evolution and certain religious beliefs is irrelevant.  Let's go back to how this discussion started.  Originally Posted by marc9000  I'm not incredulous because Miller isn't here, I'm incredulous that not a single one of the "millions of other religious evolutionists" are here.    Methodist Evolutionist reporting, what do you need?   Kenneth Miller worked closely with atheists to help achieve victory in the Dover Pa. I.D. case. POLITICS. Maybe it's not your business what this discussion is about. Are you a moderator who doesn't believe in free speech? Or are you just another atheist who is nervous about what this discussion might expose?
Collin and electrolyte dealt with a lot of your arguements, so I won't go over every point you made.   If you, as a theistic evolutionist think they "dealt" with them, we really are getting somewhere.  After all, we don't have a "guarantee" that you're not full of baloney...  This discussion has absolutely nothing to do with politics. You're arguing against the logic of being a theistic evolutionist. Showing there is a political conflict between evolution and certain religious beliefs is irrelevant.  I didn't know chaoticgnome was one of Miller's pseudonyms, or that Miller is a Methodist.  What is asinine is that you make this claim   You're a big plan of special pleading, I see...  Start a thread about the improbability of naturalistic evolution. Go ahead, marc.  In marc's world, it does. It's called willful ignorance. He's a seasoned expert.  As I said once before, I'm having a discussion with you. I do remember asking you if militant atheists answering questions for you bothered you, so I guess I now have my answer. The fact remains that for you and I to have a fair discussion as theists, I cannot be completely sidetracked by atheist comments that I have no idea if you find relevent. So as I said, if they make a point that you find relevent, you need to copy/paste it, or of course, rephrase it to me any way you wish. But I will address something they said, each of them saying it in a slightly differnt way;  You get your XXX kicked here on a regular basis and come back for more.   That's why your attempt to change the subject from the authenticity and existence of theistic evolutionists to the politics of strife among evolutionists and certain theists has failed.   On these two, both of them declared that I've not succeeded in in this debate with you. But it isn't over; obviously it's far from over if you stay with me - we've barely touched actual theism yet. Yet electrolyte and collin came to a conclusion long before all evidence was in. Could it be that evolutionist scientists similarly tend to be too hasty in coming to a conclusion concerning evolution, even before all evidence has been examined? Now you may say that qualified evolution scientists are far more mature and knowledgeable than electrolyte and collin, and of course you'd have a very valid point. But since you trust those two to answer questions for you, would you make that claim?    I think that there is political conflict over evolution just as there is political conflict for an amendment to burn the American Flag. There have been several attempts to get this, but there really isn't any major surge of flag burning to justify an alteration to the consitution (in my opinion, of course)  The conflict over the flag is one, comfined issue - no comparison. The political conflict over evolution can penetrate just about all of politics, from what freedoms we do and do not have, how moral we are, how we determine medical procedures, the definition of marriage, - countless other things.   There are lots of political conflicts based on non issues. The fact people fight about something doesn't prove that there is an actual conflict.   It doesn't? So a "fight" and a "conflict" are two completely different things? They both involve two opposing forces, so word games aren't going to help you here. Based on what you say about this, we have much more ground to cover on it.   I would like to think everyone would prefer to be intellectually fulfilled. Claiming a atheist only listens to science is misleading. There are plenty of liberal arts majors who are also atheists. Also, history and archeology are more scientific than theistic these days. The reason for this is that theism looks for certainty while science looks for the best solution at the time.   Why shouldn't history and archeology be applied equally to science and theism? They can both be applied in a secular way to what the Bible says. Theism looks for certainty in exactly the same way methodological, naturalistic scientists look for it in evolution.    In thre realm of history and archeology or any of the sciences, certainty is impossible.   Impossible to different degrees. A hands-on finding of an archeological artifact that corresponds to a Biblical event is much more certain than naturalistic proclamations of an event on earth that happened billions of years ago.    Oh, maybe you could argue that atheists don't feel that God is the source of morality.   And theistic evolutionists do? Why then, when a political conflict arises that divides Christians and Atheists, are theistic evolutionists almost always silent, or support the atheist point of view? I would think that theistic evolution would tend to be a 50/50 split, between Judeo Christianity and Atheism. Yet from their political positions, (and your almost complete lack of addressing theism in this discussion) indicates a split closer to 99/1. This ratio, combined with tricky atheists who pretend to be theists who are actually everything but, makes it quite clear to anyone with an open mind just how dangerous theistic evolution can be, especially when compared to many warnings in the Bible about how we should "protect the innocent and make sure people do what is right." I'm sure there may be a few theistic evolutionists with little knowledge of the Bible who are sincere, and they have that right of course, but when they constantly side with atheism politically, others have a right to call them on it.     The concept that evolution is the process by which moral values were placed in our physical forms does not invalidate God's involvement. We live comfortably with the knowledge that God is not physically effecting miracles on a daily basis. Things seem to play out in a naturalistic way without any outside control.   Things SEEM that way yes, to those who know nothing about the Bible. Read Psalm 111 sometime, and notice that it's not dated for any certain time period.    Why do you still insist that God was more directly involved in an earlier time?   Because the Bible says so, Methodist.   No government can be neutral about anything, but we do the best we can.   Hitler, Stalin, Lenin, Mao, Ho Chi Min, Tito, Napoleon, Breshnev, they all did the best they could - they were all non religious.    You are creating a false dilemma for me, arguing that religion must be involved in government else atheists will place their agenda into government instead.   Should we not learn from history - do the names above not indicate that perfection doesn't always occur when religion is absent?   Try living in a country where church and state are not seperated. Want to know a few good examples? Saudi Arabia, Iran, Palistine, Lebanon.   Atheists often compare the Muslim and Judeo Christian religions with each other, in order to downgrade Christianity. I see that theistic evolutionists can do the same thing. Our discussion is becoming fruitful.     And here, once again you remind us of the crux of your arguement's weakness. What if Sodom and Gomorrah were never destroyed? What if they never existed and were an amalgam of older legends that became intersperced into Jewish theism. Does this concept somehow invalidate the point of the story? The majority of the morals I learned as a child were first introduced me through Aesop. The fact that animals don't talk doesn't make the moral lessons any less valid.  If Sodom and Gomorrah were never destroyed, we'd probably have a lot more thiestic evolutionists among us, who don't fear God, and who politically side with atheists. If the Sodom and Gomorrah story was an amalgam, it would soften, and weaken the point of the story. Reality makes a far stronger point than make believe. If 9/11 never happened, and Hollywood made up that story for a movie, it wouldn't get near the ratings and attention as would an attempt to realistically portray in a movie what actually happened.     This was addressed before, but I'd like to point out that this is false. Astronomy observes things that happened millions of years ago.   An observation of light, millions of lightyears away, is comparable to the observation of bilogical details on this planet?    Fossil records give us clues as to what happened in the past. They aren't always impeccable, but neither is a chemical reaction on a bench.   Nothing is impeccable in methodological, naturalistic evolution.    1. addressed above   Not addressed above, by you or the atheists, and it's increasingly hard to tell who's who. No details on how the observation of light far away tells us what happened on earth concerning living things.   2. Science have a perfect way of knowing: you never have all the information that exists. Each generation thinks it knows it all because we are usually an arrogant race. One branch of humanity that is an exception, however, is scientists.   So scientists are on a level above other humans - they are above arrogance?    Scientists have seen how previous theorys were later refined or rejected and are quite accepting of the fact what we now know to be true will eventually be further refined.   What we now KNOW, that God is not necessary for life to exist? The basic, unchanging faith of atheism?   I had one professor who was wondering what physics breakthrough would show the problems of relativity.  And there can't possibly be a single professor alive who isn't wondering if an empirical evidence breakthrough will show design in nature?     Yes, Ecclesiastes shows that reverence for God is important in life, but I didn't see that denied in the quote you showed me. The quote says that humans are animals. Can you deny this? We have 99% of the same genetic material as chimpanzees. We have 70% of the same DNA as yeast. How does our relations to animals make our accomplishments any less amazing?  Other parts of the Bible say that man is more important than animals, and that man is to take dominion over animals. The above atheist scientist who quoted Ecclesiastes left those things out, because Atheism often politically conflicts with those things. (environmentalism is one example) Is theistic evolution in alliance with atheists on that subject too?   You and the atheists both haven't addressed a few things yet. I'm curious about your sig - I still can't see any difference in how theistic evolutionists mock God as opposed to Atheists. Is there a difference?
So far, two religious evolutionists have directly confronted you on this board. You have failed to show that they are not religious or that they are not evolutionists.   A week has now gone by, and chaoticgnome seems to have vacated, before we even got to first base in this discussion, concerning theism. Who was the other one? - jyoshu? That one was even shorter. (Clergy letter project - posts 97 - 119) I'm not putting either one of them down, but theistic evolution is VERY debatable.     There you go, ignore paragraphs and paragraphs of substantive reviews and cherry-pick the colorful words I choose to emphasize your ridiculous argumentation. But then, quote mining is typical creationist procedure, isn't it? Would you like to respond to my main points, or will you simply continue your childish whining that I'm a meanie?   YOU CHOOSE?? I count 95 words in that "cherry pick". 51 yours, and 44, collin. I've always figured you and collin were one and the same. That's the beauty of truth, sometimes it has a tendency to inadvertantly slip out, doesn't it?   Also, when you use "colorful words" to "emphasize", does that release you from committing fallacies, like needling, ad hominem, and emotive language?   post #35 Remember, marc thinks that fallacies are perfectly legit, that pointing out fallacies should be forbidden,   Is "quote mining" a fallacy?    Just because you've directed a post toward person A does not mean person B cannot respond to it.   Especially if person B is trolling, and has no interest in reading a discussion between two people, and seeks to confuse it. Or if person B thinks person A is incapable of answering it. Is answering for someone else a fallacy?    That is, just because you're telling someone else a load of horse manure doesn't mean I can't call you on it. If you don't want to be nailed, don't post rubbish.   That is, more emotive language.   If alleged "immature amateurs" like Collin and I can refute you off the tops of our heads, why do you think other educated people will have trouble dispensing with your claptrap?   What I said about you two (har) didn't concern refutation, (which you haven't proved) it concerned a premature conclusion, which I did prove.    You could always send a message to pandion and ask him to weigh in on this thread...  Are you pandion too?   I see you still haven't read Miller's book. I'm not holding my breath. So go on, claim to know exactly what Miller thinks despite making no effort to find out exactly what Miller thinks. (And you get mad at me for calling you willfully ignorant. Get real.)   I checked the book out at the library about 5 days ago, I'm about halfway through it. I'll start a thread on it when I'm done. So far, it's more transparent than I thought it would be.    That's right, marc; you call that Pope out! He's such a phony!   Please link me to a legitimate website that declares the Pope doesn't believe in creation.    You obviously don't learn from history: Hitler was certainly not non-religions, and you didn't even spell Ho Chi Minh (who was a Confucian) correctly. Regardless, we don't need to cite all the "imperfect" religious societies from throughout history, so your (fallacious) insinuation is moot.  It's only moot to atheists, who always declare anyone who makes a mistake to have some kind of religion.    You deny that they have the same roots?   No, I don't. But theistic evolutionists should have the same roots. The only ones that don't have those roots would be atheists - the ones most likely to attack and downgrade them.    Why not? The light is the physical evidence of the event, just as we can see physical evidence of geologic events, the physical evidence of the process of fossilization, and the physical evidence of genetic mutation.   Astronomy and archeology/biology are two different things. Science finds ways to combine them to try to prove atheism.    There could be (i.e. are), but what basis of comparison is he or she using?   A comparable basis to what his physics professor was using maybe?    You've hardly addressed anything I've said at all. Think I'm surprised?  Is that question a fallacy?  I was trying to have a one on one discussion with a theistic evolutionist. Maybe another one will come along........
Hey Jesus had a "death nail" pounded into his body -- of course he overcame it and defeated it......evolutionists cannot overcome the truth though.
I apologize for being away, but several RL issues required my attention. I've got some area to cover, obviously   That'll cost you 10,000 bucks. :p (just kidding - no apology necessary)    This stems from the main issue between us. I would have not trouble having a militant atheist explain that the planets orbit around the sun. This is because that is an issue of science that observation can confirm. In this same sense, addressing questions of evolution itself, can be addressed by atheists because evolution is a science.   But as a theist, you should understand that atheists use evolution as a weapon against religion - it's the only weapon they have. Being wary of false teaching is part of Christianity, as I pointed out in post #33 with the Col. 2:8 scripture. Doesn't it make sense that one of the few things worse than being taken in by false teaching would be to become a false teacher? I wonder if anyone ever asked Kenneth Miller that. Do you have his book - Finding Darwin's God?   I wouldn't wish an atheist to explain the proper way to live in my stead, as that is an issue of morality that is inexoribly linked to religion, and we would likely disagree in many different ways.   Yet you're okay with the way they proclaim that the knowledge of science overrides the historical accounts of Genesis? This undermines the basic way of reading the Bible, as described by Jesus and the Apostles in the New Testament.    If we wish to have a theistic discussion, let us discuss theology. Arguing that the bible is in some way a document of scientific merit, as you have several times previous mixes these issues.  Let me get a theistic discussion started then, by stating that science, and the Bible, aren't on the same one dimensional realm as many theistic evolutionists seem to think they are. God is multidimensional - he has self existance, omnipresence, omniscience, omnipotence, perfection, infinity, incomprehensibility. Science, (the scientists who represent it) have none of those things. They have not the tiniest fraction of the ability to supersede what his word, the Bible says. That's what a Christian creationist believes, and an atheist doesn't believe it. What does a theistic evolutionist believe? Something in the middle? Something in the middle doesn't just cause the meaning of the Bible to be partly lost, it causes it to be compeltely lost, because Christianity isn't just about "being good", it's about the severity of a thing called sin, and the price paid for it's forgivness.      Collin and electrolyte's tone aside, they do get their facts straight. When discussing details about evolution and the evidence that supports it, they hand out facts, even if they have little patience with people who don't read the evidence they provided.   One dimensional, human facts. As I posted earlier, theistic evolution seems to be a 99 to 1 ratio. Why do theistic evolutionists seem so enthralled by science, and so disinterested in some BASICS of the New Testament?   All that aside, to argue that they are immature cheapens the debate all around, if you feel they are acting petty, simply strive to rise above them and cary the discussion forward.  And you think it is my fault, not theirs, that the debate is cheapened?    I still don't see how this is true. If we suddenly discovered tomorrow that we were in fact more closely related to potatos than to apes, would this in any way shift what it is that makes us human?   It has to do with that thing called sin. Atheism wants to destroy the concept of original sin, originating with the first man, Adam. Theistic evolution seems to be in agreement with this, and it goes back to what I said above - it undermines the basic way of reading and understanding the Bible.   I believe that our moral beliefs originate with God, but am unconcerned with the process he used to infuse us with them.   Are you unconcerned about the origins of sin, the severity of sin, the price paid for it's forgiveness?   There is a definite difference between a fight and a conflict. I've had fights with people over how much milk I could drink before I would throw up. There is no pressing conflict of ideology over the critical mass of milk a stomach can take. People can fight about petty things, but a true conflict is something significant. The real question is which one is this thread based around?   This thread has gone off topic somewhat, but what you and I are discussing isn't petty, since it concerns false teachings, and leading people astray. The Bible speaks of Satan, the great deceiver. Do you think there is absolutely no chance that theistic evolution could possibly be one of his tools of deception?    Science is not so arrogant to assume it can ever achieve certainty.   That's a nice statement, but I don't see evidence of it. Certainty is proclaimed by science all the time, in theoretical matters.    Evolution is not certain, just as atomic theory is not certain. Both, however, are backed up by a great wealth of experimental evidence that can not easily be overturned   Again, it must constantly be pointed out that the word evolution has several meanings. In this case, does it mean "change over time", or does it mean, "no Adam, no flood"?   Theism looks for certainty where it can be achieved, in philosophy of ethics and morality. In these areas, principles can be achieved without empricism. Archeology and history do not have this convienance.   Atheists would probably tell you that they can look for it too, within themselves, and their lives experiences. (Christian) theists look for it in the Bible, and if their own feelings differ with an overall interpretation of the Bible, they realize the problem is with themselves, and not the Bible.     This statement is a blip, the odds of some archaeologist finding an artifact versus proclamations is moot. What matters is what has been found.   How it's interpreted, and how it's reported.    And what issues do you speak of that split Christianity and atheists?   In the U.S., it's largely the same issues that split the Republican and Democratic partys. In a small government, it wouldn't matter much. Our government is no longer small, however. Seemingly small disagreements can involve big money, for either side.    I can think of a few, but unless you addressed them individually we can't really discuss the reasons behind any given ratio. From a general point of view, I believe that the reason many theistic evolutionists side with the same side an atheist would side with, is such issues stem from instances where theists begin to intrude on issues of secular nature.   Like when George Washington proclaimed the Thanksgiving day holiday? Why aren't theistic evolutionists concerned when atheists begin to intrude on U.S. traditions, like their beloved "separation of church & state"?     You really missed the point of my arguements here. Evolution does not deny the guiding hand of God, it simply observes his methods. When everything seems to play out naturally, it is because that is how God wishes it to work. In this way, science and religion are seperate yet compliment each other. I still cannot see why the two must conflict.   In many ways they don't conflict. But in many ways they do - because atheists need evolution as a weapon, as I said above.     This is guilt by association. So there were some atheistic leaders in the world (though, as previously mentioned by those dirty atheists, not all of the ones you listed were atheists.) This misses my point that governments strive to be neutral but always fall short by some degree. I'll save some space by not listing all the heavily religious leaders known for their atrocities.   The government that did the best job of not falling short just may have been the early U.S., before it separated church & state about 60 years ago.   This is a seperate issue. Leaders can be atheists, governments can be secular. Governments fail when religion is absent from the people. The USSR prohibited religious holidays, which ultimately undermined their people. To have a religious government is the same as having an atheist government, except the former would infringe on one religion fewer. A goverment need not be atheistic, it just must be free.   It is a separate issue, but the U.S. government has grown by leaps and bounds in a striking relation to the time we decided to separate church & state.    Again you missed the point, but on this I am partly to blame as I did mention only muslim nations. The nations I listed were all ones where there is an official Religion. In Saudi Arabia you must be a Muslim to be a citizen. Notice I did not mention Turkey or Jordan. These are Islamic societies that do not enforce their religion and have much freer societies. Shall America become the newest nation where religion dominates government?   It's not moving in that direction, despite what atheists say.    Your point on Sodom and Gomorrah is interesting. Do you mean to say we need to 'fear' God in the sense that he'll bring down his wrath when we sin? In Sunday school, I was always told that fearing God meant something different in the old days and implied belief.   It means different things to different denominations, but it largely means a recognition that we need a savior. If man decended from apes, if Adam didn't exist, if the entire Old Testament were fairy tales, do we really have all that much to fear? If the Old Testament is fairy tales, wouldn't we wonder if the New Testament was fairy tales too?   On the point of 9/11, well I won't get too much into it suffice to say that 9/11 may shed some valuable light on Sodom and Gomorrah. Already, many people disagree as to what actually happened. Some say that America was responsible, some argue it was a Jewish conspiracy, some state it was Al-Quieda but disagree on who is to blame. The recent show Path to 9/11 is poignent in how it has begun to redefine what actually happened, as many scenes directly contradict the 9/11 report. Over time, the true story becomes fogged in mystery.   Conflicts will always be going on in the world. While militant Muslims conflict with Americans, how Americans conflict with each other (Christians vs. Atheists) has a bearing on it. Political opinions in the U.S. are countless and endless, yet it just about always boils down to two positions - Democrat vs. Republican. In WW2, many different countries and ideologies were involved, but they separated themselves into two groups, Allied powers vs. Axis powers. The religious conflict in the U.S. today is mainly between Christians and Atheists. Which side is theistic evolution leaning towards?     Imagine how Sodom and Gomorrah has changed since it was finally written down in the form we see it now.   "Finally written down"? Don't theistic evolutionists recognize scripture's authority, origins, or preservation at all??    to be brutally honest the observation of light is far more accurate and scientific, but biologists would disagree with me. We know more about the Andromedae galaxy than we do about our own minds, but given time, we learn more and more.   Exactly, and it never will be. Any claim of an impeccable theory is laughed at, why do you think so many of the people on this board seem condescending?   Because they laugh at the Bible as if it's on the same realm of scientific theories.   Light from Andromeda can't tell us about Earth, but that wasn't the point. The point was to demonstrate that observations from millions of years ago are possible.   No human is above arrogance and there are many examples of scientists who were extreme examples of arrogance. There are also countless examples of scientists clinging onto older notions. However, when push comes to shove, the majority of scientists will acknowledge new data and adjust their worldviews to it. No sufficient data has arrived to discount evolution, however.   One dimentional stuff.   Now this is a theistic question on which I would agree with you, God is necessary for existance. However, if you mean that life requires a glowing hand decending from the sky to mold it out of dirt, then you and I have a disagreement.   So we disagree about the first man, and original sin? In that case, our two different attempts to discover who God actually is take off in different directions immediately.       I'm sure every professor has wondered about this. This actually is related to my sig, which you are so offended by. I'll bring it up again in a moment, when you mentioned it.    There are some people who are a little crazy and would argue that the life of the three ring snail is more important than humans, but these are few and far between. I for one fully believe we are above animals in many ways. However, I don't see how environmentalism works here. The problem with our damage to the environment is not that the Earth will die. The Earth will always bounce back and adapt, we just might be left on the wayside during the adaptation.   Here's how environmentalism works - if there is no God, either man or random processes can change the earths climate, cleanliness, etc. and therefore only man can take action to make it better - leaders, appointed, anointed men. No faith in God = more faith in men. No faith in God = bigger, more intrusive government.     Now is a great time to get on about the quote in my sig that you have felt mocks God. First, I recommend you read the Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy as it is a funny book from which this quote originated. The quote is actually more about the arrogance of man than mocking God.  The book discusses the Babel Fish described as such: The Babel Fish is small, yellow and leech-like, and probably the oddest thing in the Universe. It feeds on brainwave energy not from its carrier, but from those around it. It absorbs all unconscious mental frequencies from this brainwave energy to nourish itself with. It then excretes into the mind of its carrier a telepathic matrix formed by combining the conscious thought frequencies with nerve signals picked up from the speech centres of the brain which has supplied them. The practical upshot of all this is that if you stick a Babel fish in your ear you can instantly understand anything said to you in any form of language. The speech patterns you actually hear decode the brainwave matrix which has been fed into your mind by your Babel fish.   The Babel fish, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures, has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation.  The book then expounds that the supreme uncertainty of such a useful creature ever evolving naturally proved the non-existance of God. It is at this point my sig begins, listing the basic theory.   That's all very nice, but how many people who read your sig are going to know that? At first glance, it appears to mock God, for instance when God says "I hadn't thought of that". First glances can portray a "hollow and deceptive philosophy". What atheist, (or false teacher) doesn't take delight in God "not thinking" of something?   On another level, I think it speaks leaps and bounds that you are so affected by the sig, which is all in good fun and I imagine that God has quite the sense of humor. If you can't laugh at your beliefs every once and a while, then I worry if you are all that confident in them  Do you see the atheists here laughing at their beliefs?
I have some questions for everyone here. For example, what is each side trying to prove?   Each side tries to support their own worldview. There are two positions, and sides are chosen. It's human nature.    Are the evolution supporters trying to convince others of evolution, or are they trying to defend evolution?   Yes. :)    Are the creationists trying to disprove the current theory of evolution, or are they trying to win converts?   I can only speak for myself - winning converts is what the Bible suggests, but I don't believe in doing it in a forceable way. I don't believe one person / one event wins a convert all at once, it takes a combination of many tiny little steps (examples) to win converts.   My main reason for posting here is political. I don't believe it's possible to have neutrality in government. If church & state are separated, atheism and state are combined. Atheism almost always equals secular "progression", and Judeo Christianity almost always equals tradition, according to unchanging Biblical morals. The two quickly clash in politics. Also, I don't believe future generations (school children) are having the gaps in godless evolution explained to them clearly enough.    Also, why do you believe what you do about the universe? ("The other side is wrong" isn't the real reason you to believe what you do, I would think)  Here are my answers: I am here because I enjoy debates, and I am trying to defend evolution from people who don't understand it.   I enjoy written debates very much, and I'm trying to show how evolution can establish atheism in the U.S. government, in violation of the text of the First Amendment and intent of the framers.    I believe that there is no god because I see no compelling evidence.   I believe there has to be a God because I see no compelling evidence that life spontaneously generated from non living chemicals.  I was brought up without anyone telling me what to believe, though I went to church occasionally. I also read the bible, but this failed to convince me.   I was brought up without anyone forcing me what to believe, and went to church occasionally. My church attendance didn't get very regular until my late twenties - about twenty years ago. A few Bible studies, comparing it to the flow of events, the nature of people, my shortcomings, the shortcomings of science etc, convinced me.   Finally, I wonder why the bible has convinced some but not others.  Though it doesn't really say why, the Bible says that is what will happen. See Matthew 7 :13,14. It's part of God's plan. Free will.
Very well said, but remember, Evolution doesnt mean atheism, but creationism means religion.   There's just enough truth in that statement to keep me from saying it's false, but if I analyze it, it will help make my point;  The word "evolution" has such a broad meaning that it doesn't have to mean atheism, but it since it is practically the only weapon that atheists have to combat the religious worldview, that's what it often DOES mean. If it shouldn't mean it, but it is used so that it does, then that's what it actually means.  Creationism means religion, but it also involves a belief in the authenticity of historical documents that have been meticulously preserved over thousands of years. That's not just religion, it's secular, observed history - something evolution doesn't have.   So if a person hearing your statement doesn't consider it carefully, it's very easy to be mislead by it. It implies that "evolution" (the branch that declares that the book of Genesis is false) is somehow a secular, observable truth - while creationism is nothing but a religion, a superstition. Since evolution can't prove the book of Genesis (ancient history) false, and creationism does have some historical backing, they are comparable and they directly conflict.  The problem is, a school teacher can make the statement you made, and it can't be legally questioned by anyone. Yet there was a case that I read about somewhere, where a sticker was placed in science textbooks advising children to study evolution "with an open mind", and an ACLU lawsuit ensued. Of all those likely to be mislead by your statement, it's young impressionable school children. Publicly paid school teachers misleading them with statements like that, without a full explanation (prohibited by the courts) does get an establishment of atheism started. It's what I mean when I say that when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined. Maybe government could be neutral, if it was small. The U.S. government is no longer small.    I know Christians that believe in evolution, but i dont know atheists that believe in creationism.  Do the Christians that you know that believe in evolution, believe that there was no first man named Adam, or that there was no Genesis flood? The term "evolution" needs to be narrowed down - more clearly defined, for these discussions.
And i dont really believe in god because he has shown us NO compelling evidence of his existance.  The meticulously preserved, unchanging 66 Books of the Bible aren't compelling?
True, but what i was trying to state is that the bible has little to do with christianity if you dont believe in it.   I don't agree - if you don't believe in the Bible, your non belief in it still does not separate it from Christianity. All the organized Judeo Christian religions use it and it alone as the basis of their beliefs. The Catholic and Jewish versions of it vary from the 66 book version, but the differences don't conflict enough for them to have too much political disagreement.    I know many christians who believe in god, and jesus etc, but think the bible is completely false, and is only a book of fables. Thats what i was trying to imply.  But do you have any proof at all? What is the basis of their beliefs in God, Jesus etc. without use of the Bible? What source (besides themselves) do they have to determine who God / Jesus are without the Bible?
Those books were written by people in BC times. People didnt understand the things we do now, so they tried to find another explanation for these events. Furthermore, i think the bible is a book of fables and fiction, i dont think it was intended to be a book taken literally.  That seems to be a part of differences in worldviews, some seem to think the later generations of people are automatically getting smarter. (evolution I guess) Our newest gadgets and standards of living seem to indicate it, but new technology builds from the process of new experiences that come from new inventions - I don't think it's an indication that people are smarter. You should check and see what the Bible says about things like money management, helping others, avoiding drunkeness, etc, and ask yourself if we've improved on those things lately.
How do you know that this isn't the case?   That's a complex subject, far from your original question. It's one that I'm not all that interested in discussing. I would have to do far more research than I have time for considering my more than full time job and several useful hobbies, to keep up with between 5 and 10 atheist posters insulting me from all different directions. Electrolyte tried to lure me into a debate about "morals" sometime back - it was the same situation. Morals, the history of Genesis and all associated questions about it, and many other religious topics simply don't interest me enough, to take my attention away from what does interest me right now - theistic evolution. I haven't even had time to get anywhere lately on Kenneth Miller's book "Finding Darwin's God" which I'm halfway through. When I finish it, I'll start a thread on it, and I'll address the substantive posts of 50 athiests in that one, if they have them. That book is going to be a gold mine for discussion. When I turn it in at the library, I'll probably have to buy my own copy. :)     And, speaking of unchanging, take a look at this.   See above.   What I am saying is: a) We don't have any evidence (except the bible's word) for the authenticity of the bible. Take a look at my signature.   If we did, then man wouldn't have free will, would he?   b) The bible may not change, but human society does.   Human society does, but human nature does not.     I would be more likely to believe the bible if it didn't make claims of (scientifically) impossible things, like a worldwide flood or an omnipotent god.  That's because you're putting the human endeavor of science on the same plane as Holy Scripture, which says this;  ...Do not think of yourselves more highly than you ought... (Romans 12:3) and  ...Lean not on your own understanding.... (Proverbs 3:5)  When humans have shown the ability to get their houses in order concerning money managment, helping others, avoiding drunkeness, and countless other things that the Bible teaches, maybe some consideration could be given to the scientific questioning of the Book of Genesis. But I won't be holding my breath.
Actually, the word evolution never means atheism except when used by creationists who want to pretend that science is anti-christian.   Never? Not even when used by Richard Dawkins? Talkorigins? American Atheists?    Not historical documents but mythology. Genesis isn't historical. To believe that it is takes a certain intentional ignorance of the universe.   That's the atheist worldview. And if you were a teacher, you could say that to students and the ACLU wouldn't sue.    It isn't about truth. It is about explaining the evidence as best we can. You did get the second part correct about creationism. That is why some Christians are not creationists.   Do you have Kenneth Miller's book? :)    Only those ignorant of science and evolution think that "evolution" has anything to do with the Bible. I guess that's because creationism is an attempt to pretend that mythology is somehow scientific and makes silly statements about science. It seems that science is somehow anti-Bible in that case when science debunks ignorance.   Those who represent science think it is capable of debunking the Bible, when those who represent science are atheists. They shouldn't be establishing themselves in schools. Violates the first amendment.   Indeed. Cobb County Georgia. And the sticker was found unconstitutional in Federal Court. The problem was that it was religiously motivated, was placed only in biology texts, didn't say anything true that the teachers weren't already teaching, and actually was not accurate. The sticker was found to be unconstitutional because it violated the second prong of the Lemon Test. I suspect that you don't know what that is. Anyway, the 11th Circuit reversed.   Yes, the ACLU has lots of money to spread this BS, (some of it is taxpayer money - violates the first amendment)   Paranoia is so ugly. It's not OK to teach scientific theory but it is OK to tell them that mythology is fact?   To teach them to look at each side and decide for themselves is not paranoia. Blocking one side, not by the will of the people but by the courts, is actually paranoia.    No. Not in matters of science.  Not in matters of atheism. Tell me, when science discovers something that seems to agree with the 150 year old writings of Darwin, are the writings of Darwin disregarded? Or is that type of history trumpeted to the masses?
I beg your pardon, but yes, the Jewish interpretation of the Tanakah conflicts enough to make your interpretation a mockery.  I beg your pardon, but traditional Jewish and traditional Christian values seldom conflict in U.S. politics.
marc says some pretty ridiculous things on a regular basis here, but this one's gotta be in the top ten. To think that there were no arguments for atheism or against theism before Darwin is the height if philosophical ignorance.   They have since all been dropped because they were so weak! LOL Thank you for posting!   After all, when I tried to engage marc in a discussion totally independent of evolution -- morality -- he ran.   Neener neener - is it time to go in from the playground yet?   The Book of Genesis is either secular or observed history? Somebody get marc a dictionary, please. (And I'd link him to a long list of observed instances of speciation, but he'd ignore it yet again.)   When is science going to get started on the book of Exodus? Job? Proverbs?    Incredibly enough, ignoring my rebuttal doesn't make you right. Demolishing your "rebuttal" in post #14 does, however. You missed it.    I've filled marc in on this before, but as usual he's ignoring the information that he doesn't like.  Atheists tend to ignore information they don't like also.  (Besides, marc, why single out evolution? Why aren't you for putting stickers on all science books labeling all of that satanic, methodological naturalistic study as highly suspect?)  Because evolution is the main weapon that is used against traditional U.S. morals and customs.
marc is right. There's no sense at all to Christianity as a whole without the book of mythology used to support it.    Now for a trip in the wayback machine...Doesn't really look like marc was such an unwilling participant, does it? (Of course, that was before he saw the new thread.)   Yes, post #2 spelled it out very clearly, didn't it?   Do we classify this as a random comment or simply yet another non-sequitur?   We classify it as something that atheists can't possibly understand.   Be unquestioning sheep instead.   Suddenly marc's infallible Bible is off-limits to questioning because of arbitrary topics of his choosing. Remember, they want sheep, not questions. ("The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want...")  Darwinism wants sheep too, in school classrooms. In our society, questions about the Bible meet far less hostility than do questions about Darwinism.
walking-fish: That's exactly where we can lose site of the real issue. Creationists frame the debate in terms of God vs atheism. Once they do this, they suck a lot of atheists into this diversion, and this is how they can effectively sidestep all discussion about the actual evidence for evolution. It's not a God vs atheism issue, nor is it really a religion vs science issue. This debate is more accurately described as a serious struggle between scientific literacy and fanatical religious fundamentalism.  Each side accuses the other of "framing the debate" or instigating the conflict. Creationists can cite the forming of the ACLU in 1920, by communist sources. They can cite the 1947 Supreme Court ruling that "separated church & state" for the very first time. They can cite the removal of prayer in schools in the 1960's. They can cite the political activism of prominent people like Madalyn (sp) Murray O'Hair, Richard Dawkins, Carl Sagan, many others.  Then there are websites like talkorigins, who use pages like this; http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/list.html#CI100-CI199 to effectively sidestep the LACK of much evidence for Godless evolution.  What do creationists do to start conflicts, except question politically driven, atheistic claims of science?  The debate is framed in POLITICS, and atheism has been framing it. Creationism has been reacting to it, as traditional law and behaviour has been changing.  The debate is accurately described as a serious struggle for billions of dollars, concerning the activities of the porn industry, the gambling industry, or the medical profession, to name only three of many. The U.S. government is not small.
You mean the branch that you and other creationists created as a "straw man" when you realised that the pseudo-scientific criticism of evolution was just making you look like XXXXXX?  Richard Dawkin's best selling book, "The Blind Watchmaker" and all the philosophy that flows from it, is not a strawman.
My point was that the "meticulously preserved, unchanging 66 Books of the Bible" are not necessarily accurate, and even if they are, they don't match people's morals nowadays (would you sell your daughter into slavery?).   Not every event that happened in the Bible is something that we are required to do.   Science tends to get its facts right. Otherwise, how do you think your computer works? Intelligent Design?   Sorry, but I really do think my computer was intelligently designed, and it's nothing but rocks & sticks compared to the complexity of the human body.   Also, is there a reason to believe the holy scripture if it says not to believe what we understand? That doesn't make sense.  What we understand? Science can tell us that it can understand anything, if it authorizes itself with the ability to "prove" something with theories and guesses, as it begins everything it does with a naturalistic worldview. Science can claim proof of anything it wants.
No, we have science now. We ARE smarter.   Science is the only source of knowledge? So a good scientist, who can't manage money, stays drunk most of the time, and has no friends, is "smarter" than a non scientist who stays out of debt, saves and invests, is dependable, and has many friends who would do anything for him?  Also, would you like to discuss other sections of the bible, like how the world is going to end, or how all homosexuals deserve to be killed?   No I wouldn't, I'd rather not be side tracked from what is most interesting to me and most important - intellectually fulfilled atheism taking over politics and future generations.  I think we mightve imporved on those things lately ;).  Thanks to atheism?
But you are allowed to, and you shouldn't be.   Not if you "love your neighbor as yourself".     People who knew the facts and physics of the universe designed your computer. It wouldn't work if they didn't know what they were doing. Again, science tends to get the facts right.   It doesn't require an atheist worldview to work with material, harness electricity, invent microchips etc.    The human body is impressive, so it couldn't have been produced by an incredible amount of trial and error?   Not if NO ONE was doing the trying and erring.   Irreducible complexity is not an issue with reducibly complex lifeforms.  That makes sense. And science can prove that NOTHING is irreducibly complex. See what I mean about science being able to prove anything it wants?  No, it can't claim proof. Again, even facts (such as the existance of the earth) aren't proven.   So science tells us that maybe the earth doesn't exist? What science does and does not prove seems to be largely a result of word games.   However, they are supported by a large body of evidence, and we don't think that they will be disproven.   Who's we? Atheists? The Bible is supported by a large body of evidence, philosophy, mathematics, history, and "we" don't think it will be disproven.   However, creationists do claim proof of whatever they want. Just take a look at supersport's posts.  Evolutionists also claim proof of whatever they want. Just look at electrolyte's, collin's, TQ's, belfrey's, pandion's, and many others posts. Not only do they claim proof of whatever they want, you can't really see a dime's worth of difference in their insults. Do they just think alike, or were they taught alike?
Depends on your definition of smart. Currently, I would say that IQ is one of the best objective tests of intelligence, and whether or not someone is a scientist is irrelevant. The best answer is probably no. However, you are missing the point: because we know more about our universe, we tend to think more logically, and the average person's IQ is higher. I personally would point to the school systems rather than science, but I came to the same conclusion.   I don't see much evidence that we're thinking more logically. If we were, wouldn't there be less conflict, more stability in society? I also believe just about every study indicates that our school systems are going downhill.  And the time to act is now, just when people are really starting to believe evolution? I have news for you: evolution is here to stay.  I know it is. Here to continue to attempt to alter U.S. traditions and morals, as it is used as a weapon against them.  Thanks to culture. As civilization became more solid, so did people's ethics. Religion/atheism had nothing to do with it.  We've improved in some ways, and gone downhill in others. I'm not encouraged by the balance. I don't think "civilization" is neutral - religion / non religion is always present, and both are equally not neutral.
Sounds good. Which part of the bible do you believe?   The GOSPEL. (there are explanations for "inconsistencies" - much of it involves atheism's misunderstanding of the word "and", confusing it with the word "then" which is not a proper translation of the original language)   It doesn't require a theist worldview either. Either way, the construction is done based on scientific investigation (unless you can get god to do it for you).   Why is the implication always that construction cannot be done if God is present, or not ruled out? - that we wouldn't have computers without evolution?  Then is natural selection someone? It has been shown to create new species with different characteristics.   "Natural selection" is an evolutionary term. A creationist has a hard time understanding how something can be selected without a selector. How something can be selected with no purpose. How mindless, purposeless nature can select something far more complex than the latest computer, and allow so many other things to go to mindless disorder.    Do you think that enough of that couldn't produce a person, though?  A person, a dog, a cat, a cow, a horse, a dolphin, a fly, an elephant, etc. All in the same few thousand year time period? Mathematically impossible.    In the fossil record, scientists have traced a probable lineage that goes back for a long time. Each fossil found has a place, and could be produced by natural selection.  With a naturalistic worldview. It also found Piltdown man.   We can say with a high degee of certainty that the earth exists, but nothing can be proven entirely.  I believe that I speak for all people when I say that the earth probably exists.  Yes, it's a different subject entirely, not comparable to the existance / non existance of God debate.  My point was that supersport in particular has a penchant for making (almost completely) unsupported claims which he says disprove evolution. "Evolutionists" claim that the Theory of Evolution is mostly correct. Issues such as gradualism and punctuated equilibrium are unresolved, but the evidence supports the claims made by us ("evolutionists").   Supersport agitates a lot of people here. If they were so sure of themselves, why would they be so agitated?    As for your question, we (all those you mentioned and me) were probably taught alike, causing us to think alike. Insults are almost guaranteed to happen in a debate, and I would be surprised if you never made a comment that at least annoyed someone.  There is a difference between annoying someone, and personally insulting them. My point was that there may be something more than emotionless evidence and facts in their positions. Maybe just as much passion and emotion in their own worldviews as religious people have in theirs? I do appreciate your civility, by the way.
Keep the timeframe in mind. Do you believe that our school systems are worse than education 1000 years ago? By the way, could you post a link to a study? I'd like to take a look at one. Also, we appear to have differing views on what logic and intelligence are. Why don't we pick one? Or debate both views...  I'm concerned with U.S. history. I'd rather go back 200 years. I'll see what I can find - out of time tonight however.   Actually, it is just science. Out of curiosity, why don't you debate the big bang as much as you debate evolution? Isn't it as much of a threat to fundam- sorry, U.S. "traditions and morals"?   Isn't the big bang part of evolution? I don't notice atheist authors, or the ACLU, using it in politics much.   I never said anything about neutrality; I just said that they were not important in the change of morals that has happened.  What else can influence morals?
Right, but it requires the understanding that the world works in predictable ways regardless of whether any deity exists. In other words, you just admitted that methodological naturalism isn't atheism.   Methodological naturalism is capable of existing with or without atheism. It depends on how it's applied. If it's working with material, harnessing electricity, inventing microchips etc, then it's not atheist, if it's doing things like staring into outer space and coming to predetermined conclusions, or analyzing the fossil record, making it comply with a predetermined conclusion, then it can very well be atheistic.    I'm guessing you're about to do a one-eighty and start saying that you didn't say what you said...   Simple question: Why not?   It's a difference in worldviews. Some have a hard time believing that intelligent things can happen with no intelligence present.    I suppose that depends on your definition of irredicibly complex. If the definition is "a system from which no one part can be removed without rendering the system dysfunctional," then sure, things can be irreducibly complex. However, this does not mean that such a system could not have evolved.   That's the atheist worldview, yes. If a system evolves into something that is irreducibly complex, it was dysfunctional until it was complete. If it was dysfunctional for enough time to evolve, it was dysfunctional for enough time to deteriorate millions of times over. I'm sure atheism has danced it's way out of that, but I'm no more interested in hearing it than you are about what the Bible actually says.    It would behoove you to understand what you're talking about before you start flapping your gums. Fortunately for me, I'm not holding my breath.   I am flapping my fingers, not my gums.  Nope, science doesn't tell us that at all.   It was implied in post #43, by another poster. Perhaps you'd like to take it up with him?   Uh, you've missed the boat by a couple hundred years or so. Parts of the Bible have been indisputably disproven. The only reason certain people think it won't be is because they've decided that the Bible is true regardless of evidence. (Ring a bell?)  Parts of Darwinism have been indisputably disproven. (Complexities of the simplest forms of life, for example) But some people have decided Darwinism is true because they want it to be. Ring a bell?  We do? Really? Considering your bungling of the irreducibly complex bit above, it's safer to say that you don't understand much of what is said rather than any of us are making unsubstantiated claims. I'm flattered that you put me at the front of the list, though.   My point was that it's hard to tell the difference in who is posting, you all post exactly alike. Not true with me, and the other creationists here. We all have different styles - make different points, without falling all over each other saying exactly the same thing. Makes one wonder about the application of the term "freethought", doesn't it?    I'm still waiting for an explanation of how Jesus rode into Jerusalem not only on the backs of two asses simultanously, but also on only one in the same instance according other books. Instead, let's just start with something simple from my long, long list: How many fowls of each kind were taken on the ark?   That's because you're trying to change the subject, it is a fallacy ya know.    It's not; you only think it is because you've lodged your brain in Persecution Mode.   At least I'm not preoccupied with "asses". But really it is, since one of your helpers said so;  Yes thanks to atheism! If we didnt come out of a religious coma, then we never would've made advances in sceince!     Creationists apparently have a hard time understanding many things; why do you expect a different result for natural selection?   Say you have a wooden floor composed of slats with gaps between the slats. Some objects fall between the slats. There was no purpose to those objects falling or others not falling, nor was there purpose for constructing the floor in such a way that certain objects would fall and others wouldn't. The floor simply exists, and the objects simply exist. Viola, selection without purpose.   The way objects do or do not fall through your floor is a "random event". Which is more accurate, "selection without purpose" or "random event"? The words "random event" don't sound as convincing to open minds, so they aren't used in evolution. It was one of Darwin's greatest discoveries - word games - and evolution today would be far weaker without it.    Gee, marc, seems I've kept repeating that proofs are for maths and alcohol, not for science, and you keep saying that I'm claiming that science proves anything I want.   Now why would I say that - maybe when you make statements like this above? LOL  Parts of the Bible have been indisputably disproven.   As always, thank you for posting!     Now you are claiming that mathematics disproves something. Show me the mathematical proofs (i.e. disproofs) for you claim, marc. Go right ahead.   It's called "impossible odds", largely testable, repeatable, and observable. (ever bought a powerball ticket? - I never bother to, myself)    Wait, you're saying that a world with God could not have produced a fossil record?   No I didn't say that at all. The Christian worldview interprets the fossil record differently. It doesn't have billions in taxpayer money to influence it.    [mock]I seem to agitate you, marc. If you were so sure of yourself, why would you be so agitated?[/mock]  If I was agitated, I would respond to all your posts. If you haven't noticed, I don't. Wait, you have noticed - post 32;  The reader will note that you proceeded to ignore my posts everywhere on this site for quite some time afterward.       There's also a difference between being shown to be wrong and being attacked/persecuted.    No; this is what you get for believing that those creationist websites are the slightest bit credible. Big Bang cosmology didn't catch on until the mid-1900s. Darwin came first. Even if your God popped the universe into existence, evolution could (did) still happen.   No no, marc; if you want to discuss morals, you head back to my thread in the philosophy forum. You know, the one you encouraged me to start for you before you scampered away like a scared little baby? (And yes, you're damned right I'll keep bringing it up until you follow through on your invitation.)  Oh, I believe you'll keep bringing it up. It's a symptom of "sputtering with rage", an Ann Coulter term. The two clearest indications of it are name calling, and bad language. By the way, I've finished Kenneth Miller's book. I should be able to start a new thread on it in the next couple of days. Should I wait a little longer, to give you a cooling off period?
Sounds good.   Thank you, U.S. history and politics is most relevant to these conversations I think. I apologize if you're not from the U.S., but your profile doesn't say. If I knew you were from a foriegn country, I would respect that.   No, the big bang is part of physics. Creationists put it under the catagory of evolution, with their definition of evolution being, "anything that contradicts the bible".   Maybe I'm not exactly like all creationists. If it's not a political subject, I'm not all that interested in discussing it.   Human nature. It can (and does) change regardless of what a person believes. Nowadays, we don't like the idea of killing someone for working on sunday. So, we change our religious interpretations to match our morals.  Jesus didn't like that idea much either. Read Mark, Chapter 2, 23-28.
However, it is much harder nowadays for those who are intelligent to be strongly religious since so much Scientific evidence exists now which does challenge those beliefs.   It challanges them, from a human perspective. It's possible to be intelligent, and question those human challanges. The Bible says something about "thinking too highly of ourselves", and "leaning not on our own understanding".   They either tend to simply ignore that evidence, or misrepresent it in order to hold on to those beliefs. I have respect for those religious leaders who at least try to judge the evidence objectively without having to massively distort it, such as the late Pope John Paul II who accepted the theory of evolution as explaining the developement of the human body.   A lot of these religious leaders are being political - I don't think Pope John Paul II clearly said that he now doesn't believe that Adam was the first, fully formed man, or that now he's changed his mind about original sin. He's trying to keep the Catholic Church out of political battles that it can't financially afford.   Unfortunately, we humans have a balance of intelligence and emotions and though this mixture is often used for good, it is far too often used for bad ends. I would claim that it is our control over our emotions that isn't too much better now than it was centuries ago. When people act with anger, they tend not to react in the restrained fashion which their intelligence would recommend, were they to be thinking calmly and clearly. I have heard people who otherwise seem intelligent advocate "nuking" the Middle East into submission. That is their fear and anger talking, not their intelligence.   Fear and anger are alive and well in atheism, too.   As for our school systems, I think there are a few things going on. First, we have acquired more knowledge over the last century or two - more scientific knowledge, more knowledge about various cultures around the world, a more systematic understanding of history, etc. However, there are many distractions in our culture - TV, internet, etc.. Couple that with a generally anti-intellectual climate and you have generations that make much less effort at educating themselves compared to the very well-read generations which existed at around the time of our country's founding. A good education takes not only good books but people interested in reading them.   "Distractions in our culture" - the end draws nearer, the Bible predicts it.   It seems to me that, a lot of the time, people decide on their actions first and find justifications afterwards - be they based on religious or non-religious arguements. There have been horrendous things done in the name of religion both historically and in the present day. Similarly, horrid things have been done in the name of "the people" in atheist communist systems. Also, in the name of world peace, we, the US, have dropped nuclear bombs and firebombed or carpetbombed hundreds of thousands of civilians in Japan and Germany with the goal of "softening" the enemy. Evils that humans do have a lot of sources - greed, ignorant knee-jerk anger, vengeance or perceived vengeance, over-reaction in fear, etc. Mostly, it is due to a lack of control over human emotions (or, often, an exploitation of them by their leaders). I don't see much of a difference in emotional control of those who are religious vs those who are atheists.   I agree, we are all humans, and equal in almost every way.   I heard an interesting interview on NPR the other day, with Marc Hauser who wrote "Moral Minds: How Nature Designed Our Universal Sense of Right and Wrong" (which I hope to soon buy and read). He claimed that surveys of atheists vs strongly religous Christians show that, on a very wide range of moral questions, atheists and far-right Christians share very similar views. Essentially, there are many aspects of human morality which seem to be independent of whether or not a person is religious or which religion he/she believes in.  They are shaped largely by the society those people live in. Morality is deteriorating in the U.S. overall, and it is deteriorating among Christians.
And, of course, the rest of it is just ad hoc invention because "it can't be wrong!"   Like much of Darwinism, yes - it's based on faith.    Then perhaps it would be a good idea for creationists to educate themselves about evolutionary theory so that they might understand evolutionary terms.   That's been done, when the word "selection" is compared to the word "random", atheists get very angry. Education complete!   It's actually not all that complicated. You see, the term is "natural selection." That's a pretty good indication that the selector is nature, i.e., the environment in which an organism lives. That didn't occur to you?   Not when we have the word "random" in our vocabulary. Why not use the word that actually fits? "Selection" involves an intelligent selector. Random does not.   Why does it need purpose? Oh! I see your problem. You are assuming that there must be some sort of intelligence behind it. You are personifying nature. Apparently you just can't get over the idea that there must be some sort of intelligence guiding how every drop of rain falls. You seem think that natural selection is some sort of inviolate mind that always, without exception, guides the favored individuals to survive while it ruthlessly eliminates the disfavored. Not like that. The words "natural selection" are just the words that Darwin chose to call his theory, a short hand for a complex process. Natural selection is differential reproductive success. It is the statistical tendency for organisms that possess more beneficial genetic characteristics to leave more offspring. It is, of course, the fit to the environment that determines how beneficial a characteristic is.   Yes yes, I've seen it all before. Natural processes, guided by God, can be twisted into evidence that no God is needed. Darwin needed nature to do some impressive things, and an unimpressive word like "random" wasn't cutting it.    Absolutely correct. But evolution has been going on for a few hundred million years.   Yet all the different kinds of animals, including man, evolved over the same time period to end up here all at the same time? The starting times were the same, or the starting times were different with different evolving times, all dropping us here at exactly the same time?    Try to keep yourself informed. Piltdown man was a forgery.  That was my point. Piltdown man was a forgery long before there was anywhere near the political money involved to encourage science to forge things, like there is today. You're absolutely sure there are no forgeries today? You have as much faith in science as I do in the Bible.
 Originally Posted by Hi_Its_Me  Keep the timeframe in mind. Do you believe that our school systems are worse than education 1000 years ago? By the way, could you post a link to a study? I'd like to take a look at one. Also, we appear to have differing views on what logic and intelligence are. Why don't we pick one? Or debate both views...    I'm concerned with U.S. history. I'd rather go back 200 years. I'll see what I can find - out of time tonight however.   Here's one from the Democrats!! emoticon_xdonno :)   The most appalling thing about Codding's tale is the indifference she encountered: parents, students, teachers, and administrators had learned to live with failure or with the mere appearance of achievement. The poor kids were flunking out, but at least they had voc ed and football. The middle-class kids in the AP classes had barely learned a thing, but they were going to graduate and go on to college. The system "worked" by its own minimal standards, and so reacted to challenges with righteous indignation.   The plight of Pasadena High School reminds us, first, that national prosperity has blinded us to widespread academic failure, and second, that we have two quite distinct species of failure - the problem of illiteracy and high dropout rates which plagues inner-city children, and the problem of mass mediocrity which applies largely to the middle-class. The twin problems are inscribed in test scores. According the most recent NAEP, the average reading score of fourth graders poor enough to qualify for a free or reduced lunch was well below the level considered "basic." Non-poor students averaged above "basic" but below "proficient." A grand total of seven percent of fourth-graders read at an "advanced" level.  What explains the crisis of illiteracy and failure? In no other industrialized nation do the schools have to contend with the varieties of suffering and disability that little children in Bed-Stuy or East L.A. bring with them to school. We ask the schools to fill the void created by the collapse of every other institution; that is too much to expect. The schools throw up their hands, and make do with "business math" and the machine shop. Or they content themselves with tiny achievements. I recently visited a school in Memphis where the teachers were delighted when the children wrote a sentence or two; then, after instituting a new reading and writing program, they were amazed to find that the kids could be pushed to write a paragraph.  http://www.dlc.org/ndol_ci.cfm?kaid=110&subid=136&contentid=1205  And this one;  Is There a Problem? Most people agree that public schools are a bundle of problems. Even public school proponents agree and use those problems to support their own agendas.    Besides the on-going complaints about poor academic performance, grade inflation, and low expectations, there is also serious concern over such in-school issues as:  violence  physical and emotional bullying  cheating and lying  wide-spread immorality  drugs and alcohol  worldview conflicts   http://www.schoolandstate.org/parentrights.htm
Oh, yes. An argument often used against creation. The catch is, Darwin's theory overcame a widespread belief in god and is now the most accepted view on how life came to this point. Why didn't people who were reluctant to accept it notice that it came to "predetermined conclusions"?   People were reluctant to accept a new, not-yet-popular belief. It's snowballed, like many things in society. As far as predetermined conclusions go, new atheist converts today are too exhilarated to care. From Kenneth Miller's book, quoting a student of Stephen Jay Gould;  To conclude, as Gould does, that man is "a wildly improbable event," "a detail, not a purpose," and "a cosmic accident" is disconcerting to some, but not to Gould. To him, release from any purpose is "exhilarating" as it also releases any responsibility to any other, offering us maximum freedom to thrive, or to fail, in our chosen way. If ever evolutionary theory has been elaborated to the point of complete incompatibility with a Christian worldview, it is by the pen of Stepen Jay Gould in this, his most recent tome.   The Bible states that the path to destruction is wide. Belief that no God is necessary comes easily.    That's an argument from personal incredulity (logical fallacy).   Some people have a hard time believing God exists. That "logical fallacy" goes both ways exactly the same.    Well, you will hear it. Talk.Origins has some pretty good refutations of irreducible complexity.   It sure does! It says this, about a mousetrap;  BEHE) Suppose you challenge me to show that a standard mousetrap is not irreducibly complex. You hand me all of the parts listed above. I am to set up a functional mousetrap which at least mostly resembles the standard one, except I hand you back one piece. Can it be done?   T.O. Yep. The wooden base can be discarded. Where do you put a mousetrap? On the floor. What if I assemble the mousetrap by pounding the staples into the floor? Would I have a fully functional mousetrap?   The floor? Since when are floors presupposed? They substituted a magic floor, and made it the base, then claimed a base wasn't needed!!!! This is a crystal clear example of how evolutionists hit the panic button, and desperately try to belittle legitimate questioning of their beloved theory. And so many people, in their atheist exhilaration, fall for it. Are all "scientific refutations" that good?    That would be me. What I am saying (and shooterandproud doesn't have to agree) is that we believe that the earth exists, but there could be a force field holding everything away from a central point. This could be covered by a hologram and set up to be indistinguishable from a planet. However, that is no reason to believe that the earth doesn't exist (see occam's razor).   Shooterandproud may not have to agree, but what about electrolyte - he's the one that question was directed to. Why are you answering for him? I have a hard time sorting out all my many opponents, and I'm almost out of time tonight. (that's the idea, isn't it?) Is answering for another poster a "fallacy"?  Another topic that has been "indisputably disproven" (to quote another poster) by talk.origins.  Atheism would be lost without talkorigins, wouldn't it? I find it as useless as you do answersingenesis. That's why I seldom bother linking answersingenesis. I try to use my own words.   Free thought (and free will) are all very nice, and it is interesting that you attempt to get me into an argument with shooterandproud and then claim that we all say the same things.   See how the multiple answering works? Electrolyte asks a question, I respond to it, you attempt to answer my response, then accuse me of trying to get you into an argument with shooterandproud. Now I'm confused.   However, because we say the same things, it might be a valid conclusion to say that evolution is self-consistant. Unlike the bible, which has a warlike god and a peaceful god in one.   You'd be shocked at how consistant the Bible is, if you'd check it out. So would Kenneth Miller.   Please find it on Wikipedia's list of fallacies. In the meantime, just try to keep the debate on track.   Who authorized Wikipedia as the only source of fallacies?   http://www.don-lindsay-archive.org/skeptic/arguments.html#digression  Keep the debate on track? It would be simpler if you wouldn't answer questions directed at others, if others wouldn't answer questions directed at you, if you wouldn't run to the fallacy list and talkorigins every time you're stumped, etc.    Actually, as I have stated before, evolution is self-consistant, and "random event" does not describe the process detailed above. If you think it does, say so (it won't help your case, but you are free to say so anyway).   No time for word definition lessons tonight.   Maybe you shouldn't say it. Science doesn't prove anything it wants- it points to the logical conclusions of the evidence. By the way, the bible contains few logical conclusions about earth's history.   All I did was show how he says science doesn't prove anything, then showed how he says science does prove something. A complete 180 in only a few paragraphs.   No rebuttal? Oh, wait, that's right, there's no rebuttal.   The rebuttal was his 180, that I showed in black and white. Read it again.   Impossible odds of what? Evolution producing what we have today?   Yes. Many new discoveries make the odds even more improbable.   Appeal to tradition. By the way, if Christianity is right, how did "evolutionism" get billions of taxpayer dollars? Isn't the US in control of taxpayer dollars, and isn't the president religious?   The courts are in control of many taxpayer dollars. The ACLU helps shape laws that involve funding of legal proceedings.   Ok, but if you aren't agitated, why do you keep arguing about evolution? Won't it just go away if ignored?   No, it will become established in U.S. government if ignored. I'm agitated that so many Christians are sleeping. Atheism does a good job of lulling them to sleep.  Also, I personally respond to supersport's posts because they present such a big target (and it is fun to keep knocking him down from his self-important perch).   I, (and I'm sure supersport too) enjoy watching atheists swarm around our posts in a panic too. I can't get to it all tonight - if five more angry posts appear through the night, I'll probably have to let it go, but I don't mind.   I should start counting how many logical fallacies are used... This one is because you correlate one "symptom" with "sputtering with rage."   Sputtering with rage is actually a combination of three - "needling", "emotive language" and "ad hominem". When multiple posters sputter with rage, it really multiplies, doesn't it?  He could just want everyone to know that you don't always follow through.   Or hide the fact that his entire opening post was riddled with fallacies, which he exempts himself from. Or hide the fact that theistic evolutionists quickly vacate a discussion with me.   Does it make a difference where I'm from? If I told you that I lived in a "foriegn" country (I don't), would that change your opinion of me?   Not at all, but I would suspect that you didn't have as much interest in U.S. politics as a U.S. poster, and would avoid referring to them as much. Here is a post of mine to a non U.S. resident, back in June;  My passion is U.S. politics, but I do appreciate views from those of you across the pond. You have a somewhat more neutral view of the U.S. than the U.S. citizens here, and I'll try to adjust my tone when addressing your knowledge of our politics.    Well, it does contradict the 6000 year old universe hypothesis, but it can't be classified under "evolution."   Why not? Isn't it considered a starting point for evolution?   That is a difference from the philosophy of the old testament. I don't want to insult any Jewish people; I just want to point out a major inconsistency in the bible.  Again, if you'd check it out, you'd find out differently. You'd find some real harmony in the New Testament, and many of the Psalms, for one example. Not just in suggestions for living, or the characteristics of God, but in historical events. Psalm 22, and Isaiah 53 come to mind.
Wow, thanks for including me in that list Marc! I'm glad to be compared to the other's on that list, though I'm sure they aren't as glad to be compared to me :P   You seem to only come out of the woodwork when Collin or electrolyte need help. This was your first post since August. Do they PM you?     Are you f*#&$@g kidding me?!?! The Catholic Church can't financially afford a political battle?   Nope, not kidding. The ACLU's warchest alone dwarfs the Catholic church, not counting all the other atheist U.S. political interests.
Why didn't people who were reluctant to accept it notice that it came to "predetermined conclusions"?   You first used the phrase "reluctant to accept it" in post #62. Where is the evidence that anyone accepted it who were reluctant to accept it? Maybe everyone who accepted it weren't so reluctant, but instead were searching for exhilaration?   Answer the question. You said "it's [sic] snowballed." That is no explanation for how the ToE (still incomplete), managed to overcome all that resistance. Wouldn't they have pointed out the "predetermined conclusions" and nipped it in the bud?   Who's "they"? Christians in the U.S society in the late 1800's / early 1900's? How would they have nipped it in the bud, by forcefully establishing a religion?    "The bible states..." If I don't accept the bible, how is your post supposed to convince me?   The best way I can convince you to think about what the Bible says is by pointing out something it states, and then letting you see how - thousands of years later - it may be coming true.   If I don't accept atheist scientific theories, how are atheist posts pointing to them supposed to convince me?  Logic not based on an argument from personal incredulity is availible, too. For example, please explain how a benevolent, omnipotent god can exist in this universe.  I can't explain it, anymore than atheism can explain how life spontaneously arose from nothing.  It was a perfectly good answer to the question. When asked to remove a piece, a piece was removed and the environment was assumed. Can you think of an organism that does not rely on its surroundings? Neither can I.  Substituting simple environmental factors such as air, or the ground, can't make up for a complex part that it has to wait for millions of years to evolve, without natural laws of decay destroying the other necessary, but unused other parts. Earlier when I said something similar, electrolyte politely encouraged me :p to read Millers book again. So here's a relevant paragraph of Millers book;  The crux of the design theory is the idea that by themselves, the individual parts or structures of a complex organ are useless. The evolutionist says no, that's not true. Those individual parts can indeed be useful, and it's by working on those "imperfect and simple" structures that natural selection eventually produces complex organs. How does the argument end? Well, it hasn't completely ended (which is one of the reasons I have written this chapter!) but within the scientific community Darwin has won.  (page 135-136 pandion, don't panic)  HASN'T COMPLETELY ENDED? Are school children being taught that it hasn't completely ended? Would a reader here reading all these sophisticated evolutionist's posts dream that it hasn't completely ended? Miller had to write a whole chapter of dancing about it, and I don't have time to re-read it all tonight, but I don't remember him saying a word about what the second law of thermodynamics just might do to an "imperfect and simple" structure as it waits around defenseless for a few million years.   "Within the scientific community, Darwin has won." What a surprise, and they won government grants to study it further, too.  You are right. When I said shooterandproud, I meant electrolyte.  The question directly involved me, and it was fairly clear that it was my post that needed an explanation.   It is no big deal. emoticon_xangel   Actually, I was running out of time, too. Answering all posts in one day is really unnecessary, though.   You ought to try it from my position. As you can see, I left 4 posts unanswered last night, saying that if 5 more appeared tonight it had a chance of doing me in because of time constraints. As you may notice, there were 6. I have time for this one, and maybe one more. That leaves 8 for tomorrow. emoticon_wow So you know I will do my best to do it, so electrolyte doesn't needle me about it right? :p   Seriously, I do have a very full time job, and don't need to be tired while doing it.   No, as long as information and not opinion was requested, and opinion is fine if the other poster agrees (my opinion).   You don't think it's remotely possible, in this setting, for a gang to try to destroy someone's time constraints? I'm not really crying, as I've said before, it's just another challange that I enjoy as an underdog. I will have to be on my toes when I try to keep up with my upcoming ~ Ken Miller's book thread ~ however. I'll be prepared.     Not the way it has been translated. In the King James version, Noah enters the ark twice (7:7 and 7:13). I am not impressed by the self-consistancy yet.   You're letting small details get in the way of more noteworthy things. I suspect you're not taking your own advise;  In the meantime, just try to keep the debate on track.    Ok, if you want, I can answer my own questions and correct any obvious mistakes you make (I can't and won't resist). Of course, this won't change much. As for linking, I can write my own rebuttals, but I will link to articles if a subject has been rebutted many times already. I suppose that this will make a change. However, when I link, I do so because the page I link to has a good point or evidence. Please answer those posts anyway.  Tonight? emoticon_cry   Link? Examples?I didn't think so...  I think so, I've given them before, a few threads back. Let's see if I can remember it, it was a Dembski example, only I'm applying it differently, but it gets the point across. Darwin's understanding of the complexity of life could be compared to a 3 number safe, a left-right-left combination, 1-40. A 64,000 to 1 chance it could be randomly opened on the first try. The amazing complexity of life that we see today could be correspondingly compared to a 5 number safe, a left-right-left-right-left, combination. Only 2 more directions, and 1-100 number dial. Only 60 more numbers. Yet the odds of randomly opening it on the first try are no longer 1-64,000, they're now 1-10 billion. What's 10 billion right - evolutionists have no problem tossing around big numbers that they cannot comprehend.  So if the bible is right and the US is a democracy, why don't religious agendas get more attention?   Slight, successive modifications, of corruption. The courts.  Does the government care how life got here?   When it's deciding what it allows the medical profession to do, it needs to enter into the equation.  Will arguing this make a difference? Do you think 4forums will get the attention of the government?   It takes a lotta little stones to make a load of gravel. There are at least a few young people who read here and don't post, who are interested in what a few common people have to say.   Alternatively, do you enjoy the debates?  I've been in three formal ones here, what do you think? I didn't impress atheist judges in two of them, but I made my points and had a blast. I hope to do it again. The thread I'm about to start on Kenneth Miller very well could spark another one. The question is, who will make me the first to fall to three loses?    Panic? More like laughing at supersport's posts (seriously, have you seen his latest?)  In the meantime, just try to keep the debate on track.    Google, wikipedia, and answers.com failed to turn up a relevant definition of "needling." I have seen some of the others, mostly one case of emotive language. Ad hominem is not really present, as most replies to your posts adequately adress the points made.   Needling:  simply attempting to make the other person angry, without trying to address the argument at hand. Sometimes this is a delaying tactic.   http://www.don-lindsay-archive.org/skeptic/arguments.html#needling  Do you think electrolyte ever attempts to make me angry? He usually fails. :) But really, there is much disagreement over just what fallacies are, and who uses them. It has been discussed here before.    Well, he seems willing to continue the discussion. Are you?   He hides in the invisible mode, he practically lives here! You think I don't have better things to do than amuse him?    So is the Old Testament effectively gone? I noticed some differences between the two...  Do you ever notice differences in what two atheist scientists may say about the same subject? Do you have double standards?    As for historical events, it is not entirely accurate, according to science.  Science is diversifying into the subject of history - there's money in it.
That's because such ignorance is his only defense. Can you imagine the inner turmoil marc would face if he acknowledged all of reality?  Hi_It's_Me, Please describe the substance of this post to me - explain why it isn't ad hominem.
I've recently finished reading a book entitled "Finding Darwin's God" by Kenneth Miller, one of today's better known "theistic evolutionists".   Between the stark contrasts of Godless evolution and Christianity, his view seems to claim representation of middle ground. I'm not sure just how much variation there is in the theistic evolutionary position - that is, if theistic evolutionists disagree among themselves on any basic points, but I hope to learn that in this discussion.  I'm as passionate as anyone in believing that people have a right to any worldview they wish, and I have no doubt that most theistic evolutionists are sincere in their beliefs, but after reading Miller's book, I find him amazingly short on knowledge of the basics of Christianity. Another theistic evolutionist that I would consider to be sincere could easily have the same ignorance of the Bible as Miller, but the difference is that Miller wrote a book attempting to compare the two (evolution vs. Christianity) and he has no excuse for being largely uninformed on one of the two subjects that he's trying to compare.   Concerning the basic differences in the evolution vs. creation debate, Miller makes this statement at the beginning of chapter 8 - I agree with it - it goes along with what I see on these forums;  Ironically, when I have publicaly advanced the idea that God is generally compatable with evolution, I find that my agnostic and atheistic colleagues are generally comfortable with such ideas, but many believers are dumbfounded.   I believe that's true, and as a "believer" (creationist), here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew, 12:30, Jesus says "He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters". It is safe to say that both creationists and theistic evolutionists would accept that statement from Jesus, and would seek to be "with" him, while agnostic and atheists would consider themselves "not with" him. Yet theistic evolutionists are comfortable to (usually politically) be "with" agnostics and atheists, and separate themselves from creationists. If they're genuine Christians, knowing about the warnings in the Bible about false teachings, how can they be comfortable with that?  Miller laments in several places throughout the book that atheists use evolution as a weapon against religion, and that it shouldn't be that way - that it causes more strife between the two than should exist.   (p 277)I believe much of the problem [a sizeable portion of the general public's lack of acceptance of evolution] lies with atheists in the scientific community who routinely enlist the material findings of evolutionary biology in support of their own philosophical pronouncements.   Then there was this one, the most substantial analyzation of philosophy associated with evolution in the whole book;  (p 190) [Richard] Lewontin, the evolutionist, is not interested in universal understanding and enlightenment. What he's shooting for is a social order in which right thinking people (like him) will hold the absolute reins of cultural and intellectual power. To Lewontin, direct enlightenment of the public is impossible. We evolutionists simply have to grab hold of power and run things because history tells us we are right. His sentiments confirm the worst fears of the creationists - that evolution isn't really about science, but is instead an ideology of belief, power, and social control.   The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments, it's because creationists can clearly see those sentiments in the NY Times editorial board, CNN, ABC, Dan Rather, Handgun Control, The Sierra Club - the list is almost endless. Miller continues;  Evolution is not any of those things. It really is about science, and this means that the question of evolution is fundamentally different from issues of social and moral values.   His mistake here, is that evolution isn't any of those social moral things because it shouldn't be. Yet he clearly shows, from Lewontin's words, that it IS. Why doesn't he make any attempt to distinguish ideals from realities? They can be worlds apart, and in this case, they are. We don't make decisions based on how things should be, we make them based on how things ARE. Whether they're personal, day to day decisions, or permanent political decisions. We have to make political decisions about evolution based on how best selling authors like Richard Dawkins USE IT to make themselves "intellectually fulfilled atheists". If Miller knows anything about Matthew 12:30, why is this not important to him? If Miller is genuinely disturbed about "atheists in the scientific community who routinely enlist the material findings of evolutionary biology in support of their own philosophical pronouncements", why doesn't he distance himself from them, in political matters? He joined them in the recent Dover case, and he has in many others.   There's little question that Miller is an excellent biologist. But from the bottom of page 239, we see an example of his faith;  A key doctrine in my own faith is that Jesus was born of a virgin, even though it makes no scientific sense - there is the matter of Jesus's Y-chromosome to account for. But that is the point. Miracles, by definition, do not have to make scientific sense. They are specific acts of God, designed in most cases to get a message across. Their very rarity is what makes them remarkable.  An atheist, of course, will argue that miracles are bogus and are stitched together from the needs and desires of human imagination. Maybe so. To a believer, miracles are more than "violations of the laws of nature," as they were described by David Hume. They reflect a greater reality, a spiritual reality, and they occur in a context that makes religious, not scientific, sense. To the nonbeliever, there is no spiritual reality, and hence there are no miracles. To a person of faith, miracles display the greater purposes of God, giving them a meaning that transcends physical reality.  If this is true, why shouldn't we allow that the creation of our species was a miracle? Or why not agree that the sudden explosion of life in the Cambrian era might have been a miracle? Both might have been. In 1900, we could easily have said that the sun's fire was a miracle. Unable to explain the biological basis of immunity, we could have chalked that up to God, too. And for good measure we could have told our students that the interior heat of the earth might be the work of the devil.  We are now far enough along in the development of science to appreciate that its track record suggests that ultimately it will find natural causes for natural phenomena.   But wait a minute! Hasn't science found that it's scientifically impossible for Jesus to be born of a virgin - no Y-chromosome? Why is he willing to forfeit science and accept the Bible in that regard, and forfeit the Bible in so many other respects? Why is it okay for him to accept the virgin birth of Christ, and riducule anyone who believes in the creation of the first man, Adam? If God could handle the Y-chromosome, couldn't God also handle creating the first, fully formed man? He calls Adam "fictional" on page 5. It becomes more and more clear why atheists are comfortable with theistic evolution. If there was no Adam, there was no original sin, and no genealogy as described in the book of Genesis, only monkeys. Except for his amazing exception to science in the virgin birth of Jesus, he seems to allow evolutionistic pronouncements to have priority over Biblical statements. Then ALL the basics of Christianity, the nature of God and central New Testament teachings, including the way the sinner Adam (one man)and the Savior Jesus (one man) are linked together in Romans 5, 16-18, are trivialized just the way atheists love. No wonder they're so comfortable with theistic evolution!  On the bottom of page 235, Miller's comment about "just about any preacher I have had the patience to listen too....." speaks volumes - his cluelessness about original sin and many other things about Christianity shows he hasn't had patience to listen to too many. But patience doesn't seem to be a factor when it comes to his enthusiasm for Darwin's works. He finishes the book with "What kind of God do I believe in? The answer is in these words. I believe in Darwin's God."   Sorry folks. It's going to take more than a herd of angry atheists to convince me that he's anything but a phony. I hope this thread gets some civilized responses.
To me, "Theistic evolutionists" is an extreme contradiction. I mean, either you have faith that the Bible is the true word of God or you don't. I don't see how you can pick and choose what you care to believe out of the Bible. How can one believe in the miracle of Jesus' birth and resurrection yet not believe that Adam and Eve were real people? I find it a contradiction to somehow believe that God is great enough to create the universe, yet He somehow needed billions of years to do so. If God is all-powerful, then His words should be all that's needed. To me, the world is proof that God is all-powerful. The beauty and complexity is just staggering. (if all the DNA in the human body was stretched out it would circle the moon 6,000 times!)  http://www.ba-education.demon.co.uk/for/science/dna.html
Does this mean it is un-Christian not to refuse to "be with" atheists and agnostics, Jews and Muslims, or Hindus and Native Americans in the work place? There's really no line drawn by that verse.   You'd have to have a basic knowledge of the entire Bible to understand that it doesn't mean physically "with", whether in the workplace, or any place in our daily routines. Especially in these days where fuzzy middle ground between Biblical Christianity and absolute atheism grows and grows, Matthew 12:30 has to do with one's perception and recoginition of life's purpose, the use of moral discernment, the understanding of matters which require us to distinguish between good and bad, true and false, right and wrong. It's un-Christian to ignore Romans, 5: 16-18, for example, when writing a book attempting to "search for common ground" between God and evolution.     He clearly shows that Lewontin thinks it is. Lewontin also thinks there's no such thing as God. That doesn't make him right.   What Lewontin thinks is irrelevent. If Lewontin, a well known evolutionist, and many other well known evolutionists ARE USING evolution as a weapon against Christianity and for atheism, the evolution IS RELATED TO atheism.    That's certainly not the way most governments work.   I agree. Most governments are too big and too intrusive, and government tends to decide what "should be", representing itself more than the people it is supposed to represent.   WHAT? Does this work both ways? Do we also have to make political decisions about religion based on how celebrity Christians like Fred Phelps use it to bash homosexuality?   No, as more and more ACLU inspired court decisions happen, it grows increasingly one way. When church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined.     1.) The Dover Case had nothing to do with atheism.  It was a media circus, and had plenty to do with the establishment clause of the first amendment.   2.) He HAS distanced himself from "them." I've already shown you the blog by PZ Meyers in which Miller is attacked for straying away from his and Dawkins's atheist agendas.   That one blog is a very lopsided comparison to the many examples of Miller siding with them in this book.    You've overlooked what really isn't much of a contradiction. There's evidence against a World Flood, and there's no evidence for it.  That's the atheist worldview. If you check creationist websites, you find claims of evidence for the flood, with no evidence against it. Is it completely automatic that theistic evolution accepts the atheist position?   All God had to do create Jesus was poof him into Mary's womb. If the Great Flood really did occur, that means God poofed all the evidence of it away and poofed in its place evidence that contradicts it.    Does the theistic evolutionist position agree with atheism because of the number of "poofs"? It's too bad theistic evolution has no church - no doctrine, etc. I'd like to know what criteria they have for determining what miracles they choose to accept. Is it a "poof" count? One poof, and theistic evolutionists are okay with creationists, but multiple poofs put them shoulder to shoulder with atheists?    It certainly could; but again, this turns God into a deceiver who actually uses scientific evidence to trick people.   God does not require us to accept scientific "evidence" that is often put fourth by false teachers that he warned us about.     Because the whole point of disproving Adam is to eliminate the idea of personal sin. Yep, that's exactly why I've always disliked the Adam and Eve tale. Never mind the colossus of contradictory evidence-it's all about making sure that vile idea of personal sin goes up in smoke with the fable itself.   That's it, you've got it. Atheism doesn't like the idea of original sin, so came the intense search for "contradictory evidence" in the Adam and Eve description. Theistic evolutionists seem okay with it.     Please point out where Miller says he rejects the idea of Personal Sin. Happy quote mining.  Where do you get the word "personal"? The word is "original". The book doesn't address it at all, this book written by a "Christian" who claims to be attempting to find common ground between God and evolution.   He doesn't even use the words personal sin.   Neither do I - you pulled the word "personal" out of thin air. He doesn't use the words "original sin" anywhere that I noticed. The word "sin" doesn't appear in the index. He did use it a time or two, but not in any kind of deep, meaningful way. It's a word that is central in Christianity.   You can't possibly know that he rejects it.  If you had a book by a creationist who claimed to compare evolution and Christianity, and spent almost the entire book searching scripture and ignoring evolution, would you come to the conclusion that he rejects evolution?    Fine. Consider him a phony. Was John Paul II also a phony?  Did John Paul II claim the Adam and Eve description to be a fairy tale? Vatican approved link please.
But Miller is with Jesus (and by extension, you): he says that God exists and that Christianity is true. Or, if you insist that he's against you, you're left with this conundrum: You call Miller and theistic evolutionists incorrect, and he calls you and anti-evolutionists incorrect; why is your position any more logical than his?   Because his, as a Christian, doesn't follow the Christian Bible to anywhere near the extent that mine does.  Regarding your citation about atheists using evolutionary findings to support their concepts, you omit the remainder of the paragraph. Shame on you, marc, for your quote mine.   "Quote mine" - looks like that will be a common acusation here. If I keep things concise and readable, I'm quote mining. That quote wasn't about atheists using evolutionary findings to support their concepts, it was about atheists being comfortable with theistic evolution, far more than "believers" (creationists)     Miller clearly continues with "philosophical pronouncements" that many atheists do not forward. Over the following three paragraphs, he examines a single philosophical insinuation -- not a plethora of them -- and then moves beyond "atheistic philosophical pronouncements."   And that didn't have a thing to do with my point.    Good, I was afraid we'd get through a post without mentioning the evil conspiracy. But let's clear something up: You voluntarily started the citation after Lewontin's quote, preventing those without the book from seeing what Lewontin actually said. Here's what you left out, from the top of page 190:  God forbid we allow people the power to discover the truth! That would just be too much, wouldn't it marc? Let's shove the Bible in their faces and make sure they know it's the only source of information...  Again, it was irrelevent to my point. Atheists believe the only source of truth is secular - it goes without saying.     No, Miller has it right when he says evolution really isn't any of those things. Miller's mistake is that he misinterprets Lewontin. Lewontin is saying to give people the power to discover truth by providing the evidence and removing the a priori assumptions about the world. Notice that Lewontin is talking about being "free," not correct.   No, Lewontin didn't say to give people the power to discover the truth, he's saying to give elites like him the authority to point them to "correct" sources of truth. Read note #47 for chapter 6. Miller didn't misinterpret him at all. In note #47, Lewontin even mentioned the NY Times!   We have to, marc says.   Because there are no ACLU lawsuits when Dawkin's book is required reading in public schools. We have to more and more, as atheism is established.    We also have to ignore Miller's book, right? Get real. Put a hold on your whiny diatribe and focus on the book.   It's a deal, if you'll put a hold on lecturing me about reading comprension as you ignore very relevant notes in the rear of the book.    He did distance himself from them by writing the book you allegedly just read.   The one where he bragged about defeating Henry Morris, a Christian? (pp 172, 173)   And unless you can show me evidence that many of the Kitzmiller plaintiff's witnesses use evolutionary theory to promote their own atheistic "philosophical pronouncements," I'm comfortable with believing that you are once again full of XXXX. For crying out loud, many of the plaintiffs were Christians!  Sure they were, Christians are always opposing Christianity! All they have to do is claim to be a Christian, and there's no way they could be a false teacher!   I won't try to explain this, but anybody who has the book can read pages 240-243 to see what marc is once again omitting. Miller continues by explaining that he feels God's interactions with the world are few and far between because they are strategically placed, and he puts it in a context than any believer has surely heard, believed, and repeated dozens of times: We don't see huge Godly magic tricks because "God doesn't work that way." When I ask for an obvious sign, like my keyboard floating before my eyes, and it doesn't happen, the excuse I hear is that "God doesn't work that way." Now, all of a sudden, marc has a problem with that explanation. Go figure.   And that's all irrelevent, because pages 240-243 concern what happens in the world today, not what happened concerning creation. His feelings about God's interactions with the world today would be different if he had a basic knowledge of the Bible.     Miller isn't saying that God couldn't, he's saying that God didn't. In fact, he says so explicitly on page 290:In other words, marc, his understanding isn't as undeveloped and limited as yours.   Even though the Bible says God did. His understanding of the Bible is very undeveloped and limited.    Maybe because he's Catholic and is used to priests instead of fundie sects led by preachers?  So you're implying that when he made his snide little comment about "preachers", he wasn't referring to priests? I've seen it all now. :xbanghead    So you think he's really an atheist? No, you disagree with him on technicalities of your religion, which you'd do with billions of other Christians. Are they all phonies, too?   As I said, I hope to learn if all theistic evolution does not believe in original sin. I'd like to know if all Catholics believe the creation story is nothing but a fairy tale.
To me, "Theistic evolutionists" is an extreme contradiction.   Of course it is, and a dangerous one at that. When God is integretaed into the evolutionary philosophy reducing the book of Genesis to an "allegory", it misrepresents the nature of God as explained in the rest of the Bible, cheapens all Biblical teachings, and creates uncertaintinty in the method for finding God.   I mean, either you have faith that the Bible is the true word of God or you don't.   Matthew 12 :30 indicates two choices concerning the acceptance of Jesus, and other parts of the Bible deal with two choices regarding other things. It is easy to see today; with all the different political opinions in U.S. politics, it still basically boils down to Democrat vs. Republican. Conflicts almost always involve two opposing forces, and any fuzzy middle ground can't help but leaning one way or the other. If we wonder which way theistic evolution leans politically, all we have to do is see who falls all over themselves to defend it, don't we? :)     I don't see how you can pick and choose what you care to believe out of the Bible. How can one believe in the miracle of Jesus' birth and resurrection yet not believe that Adam and Eve were real people? I find it a contradiction to somehow believe that God is great enough to create the universe, yet He somehow needed billions of years to do so.   How about this one, from page 56 in Millers book;  It is high time that we grew up and left the Garden. We are indeed Eden's children, yet it is time to place Genesis alongside the geocentric myth in the basket of stories that once, in a world of intellectual naivete, made helpful sense. As we walk through the gates, aware of the dazzling richness of the genuine biological world, there might even be a smile on the Creator's face - that at long last His creatures have learned enough to understand His world as it truly is.   It puts a "smile on God's face" for us to reject the book of Genesis? That God smiles because maybe he wasn't necessary in more and more peoples minds? Is it no wonder atheists love this guy? Is it no wonder the Bible warns us about false teachers?   If God is all-powerful, then His words should be all that's needed. To me, the world is proof that God is all-powerful. The beauty and complexity is just staggering. (if all the DNA in the human body was stretched out it would circle the moon 6,000 times!)  http://www.ba-education.demon.co.uk/for/science/dna.html  So much about complexity on earth has been discovered since Darwin, yet comparatively little more complexity has been discovered in all the dead rock planets all around us. But Darwinism will always be the faithful beginning point for atheism, just as the Bible is for us.   Christanity is not synonymous with religion or a belief in a diety.   And evolution isn't atheistic!! :p Do you ever wonder how these peoples' minds work, SS????
Yes, that's what he is saying. It seems that in your small, closeted little world of ignorance you aren't aware that a Roman Catholic would never refer to a priest as a preacher. Miller was talking about the ministers of the non-Eucharistic protestant sects, like yours, that rely more on words than deeds.   THANK YOU! Let's look at his entire paragraph;   Let's make it personal. Just about every preacher I have had the patience to listen to has eventally said that God has a plan for each of us. That God wanted you and me to exist. That God knew us and loved us even before we were born. That idea is consonant with all of the great Western religions. [marc's note - including Catholicism.] Should I be required to reject it if [sic]can be shown that chance played a role in making me who I am?   There's NO QUESTION he was referring to all men of God. You and electrolyte's dishonesty has just been laid bare. That, combined with all electrolyte's babbling, is making this thread even more fruitful than I thought it would be.   P.S. (Hi_It's_Me ~sics~ me sometimes, just like you used to. Just thought I'd do it to Kenneth Miller once. He left out the word "it". It wasn't much fun though - I don't need to do it to divert attention from the points being made)    However, original sin is a basic tenet of Catholicism. Your failure to know that is yet another sign of your ignorance. In fact, the source of your concept of original sin is Roman Catholicism, probably through several other invented religions.   Without Genesis, (there's no Genesis with Kenneth Miller) exactly where did original sin originate?   Where did you ever get that idea. Yet one more example of your limited understanding of Christianity. Evolution is science while the concept of original sin is religion. There is no connection.   They both concern actual event(s) of the past. There really is a connection.    No. I actually knew a Roman Catholic YEC. It shocked me. However, most Catholics do realize that Genesis is mythology. They are more interested in extracting moral lessons from the Bible rather than insisting that mythology is history.  A rejection of Genesis also rejects much of the rest of the Bible, as vouched for by Jesus, the Prophets and the Apostles. Where would those moral lessons be? What's left of the Bible after theistic evolution gets done editing it?
The concept of original sin is an interesting one, as it allows preachers and priests to set themselves up with simple moral authority. If original sin is absent, why is a priest any better than the average person? Only when a priest/preacher can say that he is closer to God, and that he has been saved can he cast doom and fire upon those unconverted. Basically it makes people feel guilty, and when people feel guilty they will allow themselves to be lead by the nose in order to pay off this guilt. It's a very clever psychological device.  Also it's interesting to note that there is an argument here about upholding the exact translation of the bible. Given that the Bible has myriad forms, and that the contents of the new Testament were not agreed upon until 1545 at the council of Trent (wikipedia) it seems a bit daft to be relying on it as the pure unadulterated word of God, given that men were arguing over which bits to include for 1500 years.....
I want to know what Marc thinks the differences between Agnosticism and Atheism are.  Let's have a look at dictionary.com then;  agnostic; 1. a person who holds that the existence of the ultimate cause, as God, and the essential nature of things are unknown and unknowable, or that human knowledge is limited to experience.  2. a person who denies or doubts the possibility of ultimate knowledge in some area of study.  -adjective 3. of or pertaining to agnostics or agnosticism.  4. asserting the uncertainty of all claims to knowledge.     One who believes that it is impossible to know whether there is a God.  One who is skeptical about the existence of God but does not profess true atheism. One who is doubtful or noncommittal about something.   adj.  Relating to or being an agnostic.  Doubtful or noncommittal: "Though I am agnostic on what terms to use, I have no doubt that human infants come with an enormous 'acquisitiveness' for discovering patterns" (William H. Calvin).    [a-1 + Gnostic.] ag·nosti·cal·ly adv.  Word History: An agnostic does not deny the existence of God and heaven but holds that one cannot know for certain whether or not they exist. The term agnostic was fittingly coined by the 19th-century British scientist Thomas H. Huxley, who believed that only material phenomena were objects of exact knowledge. He made up the word from the prefix a-, meaning "without, not," as in amoral, and the noun Gnostic. Gnostic is related to the Greek word gnsis, "knowledge," which was used by early Christian writers to mean "higher, esoteric knowledge of spiritual things" hence, Gnostic referred to those with such knowledge. In coining the term agnostic, Huxley was considering as "Gnostics" a group of his fellow intellectuals"ists," as he called themwho had eagerly embraced various doctrines or theories that explained the world to their satisfaction. Because he was a "man without a rag of a label to cover himself with," Huxley coined the term agnostic for himself, its first published use being in 1870.   atheist; a person who denies or disbelieves the existence of a supreme being or beings.    -Synonyms Atheist, agnostic, infidel, skeptic refer to persons not inclined toward religious belief or a particular form of religious belief. An atheist is one who denies the existence of a deity or of divine beings. An agnostic is one who believes it impossible to know anything about God or about the creation of the universe and refrains from commitment to any religious doctrine. Infidel means an unbeliever, especially a nonbeliever in Islam or Christianity. A skeptic doubts and is critical of all accepted doctrines and creeds.   There should be more of a difference between them than there is. Going by the phrases that I highlighted in the above quotes from dictionary.com, an agnostic would be "noncommittal" - we see several on these forums who claim to be agnostic that commit themselves to declaring the Bible is mythology, etc. Huxley himself didn't seem very noncommittal.   If an agnostic "refrains from commitment to any religious doctrine" yet commits to atheistic doctrine, (as we see all the time) then the difference between them is practically indistinguishable. As we can see, dictionary.com refers to them as synonyms.
Your inability to understand written English is stunning.   Your ability not to concede a point is even more stunning. "All the great western religons" - he wasn't separating preachers from priests!     Why not argue against what Miller actually claims?   He doesn't show enough knowledge about Christianity to make any claims about it. Yet his book claims to search for common ground! How can he find common ground between two subjects when he doesn't address almost all of the one subject?  No. Genesis is mythology. It didn't really happen.   Your personal atheism is not the point. Religion claims knowledge and reaction to earthly historic events, and naturalistic evolution claims knowledge and reaction to earthly historic events. It is the same earth - so there is a connection.   Recognition that much of the Bible is not literally true is not the same as rejecting it.  Something has to be either true or false. If something is not true, then how can it not be false?
However, Miller is a mainstream Catholic.   How do you know that, because he says he is? Is that all the proof you need? I can't find proof that mainstream Catholics reject the book of Genesis. His book cover has several reviews from "science" interests, yet not a single one from a Catholic, or Catholic authority. Amazon.coms reviews of the book has not one review from a Catholic. I wonder what Catholics actually think of him.    This would make Catholicism non-Christian, yet marc's argument here is that Catholic priests are clearly "men of [the Christian] God." In order for marc's argument to hold water, Catholicism needs to be both Christian and non-Christian.  Bravo, marc!  In order for your argument to hold water, you'd have to show me an authoritive Catholic source that endorses his book.
Of course, that is only true for your interpretation; actual theistic evolutionists have a different view.   They can only have two views. Either the book of Genesis is true, or it is false.   Also, I noticed you haven't posted on the theistic evolution thread. Why don't you defend your claims that evolution is atheistic and/or that it is only for destroying religious views.   Yes, time is a factor - the gang is trying to bleed me out. I'll try to get to it.   Atheists disagree with theists about religion, but they don't tend to care too much.   They don't care too much because they don't have a very hard time persuading them to their political point of view, concerning "separation of church and state".    When religious people claim that the bible takes precedence over the facts, atheists take notice.   Some atheists claim to have all the "facts", and when I question them about it, other atheists tell me they don't need all the facts. emoticon_confused   Are you talking about living things? Hopefully it won't suprise you to learn that there is no life on other planets, so that factor of "complexity" (please define) isn't present on those.   Why has nothing evolved there?  Religion= faith in a deity or deities (rough definition) Atheism= lack of religion/deities Therefore, atheism= lack of faith  There is no "faithful" beginning point of atheism.   So atheism doesn't "need" facts? If it claims to have complete knowledge of evolution, doesn't it need all the facts? If the answer is no, then how can it argue against religion? Miller didn't explain it.    Atheism is based on observations of the world around us. Once again, I would like to ask you to answer how a benevolent, omnipotent god can exist in a universe with as many problems as this one. Wouldn't the problems have been fixed by now?   That strays to far from the topic of this thread.   Evolution does not assume the existance/non-existance of a deity.   Evolution may not, but most evolutionists do.   Science looks at the world around it and comes to the simplest conclusions (Occam's razor).   Human representatives of science look at the world around it and come to some very complex, philosophical conclusions.   When the simplest conclusion involves a god, science will accept it.   Science has never been in the business of "simple".   Your original point was:  There's NO QUESTION you were referring to preachers, which does not connect to "all men of god."   Preachers and Priests, "all the great western religions" - he was clearly referring to all men of religious authority - all men of God.  I found "integretaed" and "uncertaintinty" in your first paragraph alone. It just goes to show how much effort goes into those posts...  And Miller could have had some better proof readers. The point is, it can happen to anyone. You don't think any athiests here ever make spelling / grammar mistakes?   Is original sin important, or are current morals?   To ALL of the Christian religion (you know, the teachings of Christ) it is VERY important.   There is a difference: original sin is part of the story of genesis, and current morals are relevant to today's society.   The teachings of the need of forgiveness in Christ are also very relevent to today's society, at least to Christians, like Miller. :p   I would say that you didn't answer his point except I can't understand what it is... Personally, I would say (assuming original sin is that of genesis) that theistic evolution does not believe in it. However, I am not a member of that particular group.   If theistic evolution doesn't believe in original sin, then it rejects the central theme of Christ's teachings, and therefore is not actually Christian.   You seem to pick and choose what you believe/support. Remember when I posted this site?  Again, you're straying from the topic of this thread.
That is the logical fallacy of 'false dichotomy'. It could also be allegory.  Does an "allegory" fall exactly at the halfway point between true or false? Since it didn't actually happen, it's false. It's debatable just how valuable it is, but it's still false, as far as actual reality goes.   Also, the Book of Genesis does not promote the concept of 'original sin'. that was added on later , mildly by paul and then expanded upon by Saint Augustus.   Genesis, Chapter 3, makes it clear what the foundation of originial sin was, as proclaimed by Christianity.   So, there are many theists that use Genesis that do not believe in original sin.  True, but they are not Christians, like Kenneth Miller claims to be.   Matthew 12:30 He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters.   Did Jesus use a "false dichotomy"? Are there more than two alternatives in absolutely every choice, in every case?
Let's take a look at the sentence again:He wasn't separating the idea because the idea is common. The label of "preacher" is not.   His only source of the idea was "preachers". He wasn't separating preachers and priests either, because it was a common idea among both of them.    As pandion points out, you almost have a point here. The question is whether or not Miller's beliefs are representative of those of mainstream Catholicism. Can you find damning inconsistencies between Miller's religious beliefs and mainstream Catholic beliefs?   Yes.   VIII. GENERAL CONCLUSIONS The most important general conclusions to be noted are as follows:-   The origin of life is unknown to science.  The origin of the main organic types and their principal subdivisions are likewise unknown to science.  There is no evidence in favour of an ascending evolution of organic forms.  There is no trace of even a merely probable argument in favour of the animal origin of man. The earliest human fossils and the most ancient traces of culture refer to a true Homo sapiens as we know him today.  Most of the so-called systematic species and genera were certainly not created as such, but originated by a process of either gradual or saltatory evolution. Changes which extend beyond the range of variation observed in the human species have thus far not been strictly demonstrated, either experimentally or historically.  There is very little known as to the causes of evolution. The greatest difficulty is to explain the origin and constancy of "new" characters and the teleology of the process. Darwin's "natural selection" is a negative factor only. The moulding influence of the environment cannot be doubted; but at present we are unable to ascertain how far that influence may extend. Lamarck's "inheritance of acquired characters" is not yet exactly proved, nor is it evident that really new forms can arise by "mutation". In our opinion the principle of "Mendelian segregation", together with Darwin's natural selection and the moulding influence of environment, will probably be some of the chief constituents of future evolutionary theories.   http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/05655a.htm   Let's presume that I sunk time into finding said source. You'd just yell loudly that whatever organization I found is really a secret bunch of evil, anti-Christian atheist sympathizers who can't be regarded as a reliable source, as evidenced by nothing but your whim. I only call you a liar without explanation when you've repeated the same lie so many times that my explaining it for the umpteenth time is a waste of time: you ignore it every time, and everyone else has read it already.   You've come nowhere near showing Miller to be a "mainstream Catholic", or showing a Catholic endorsement of his book. Accepted Catholic sources are easily recognized. "New Advent" is one of them.   You instead want a free pass to call Miller a liar merely because the technicalities of his beliefs differ from yours.   The atheistic belief that there was no fully formed first man is more than just a technicality.   Gee, how do you think you fellas came up with all those Protestant sects like yours anyway, marc?  Technicalities, nothing nearly as drastic as some of Miller's harmony with atheism.
"This sentence is false." The truth value of that statement cannot be determined.   It depends on what the sentence says. If it says 2+2=5, then the truth value can be determined.   The existance of god cannot be proven/disproven with the current evidence. If I don't accept that it is proven, that isn't saying that I believe that he cannot exist.   Unless you're declaring an atheist worldview.   If someone said that the truth value couldn't be determined, what would you think?   If it was about evolution, I'd believe them!  That is part of the bill of rights.   No it is not, the truth value of that statement can be determined.   It was not agreed upon by atheist scientists with a political agenda.  It was agreed upon by an activist court in 1947.   We don't have all of the facts, but we come to the best conclusions that we can based on the facts we have.  And those are based on our worldviews. All too often, science confuses "conclusions" with "facts".  There is a lack of certain chemicals. Without those, life can't exist. Not very many planets can support life, and the same solar system isn't likely to have two of them.  Don't give this argument: "then how is it that life happened to originate here? Isn't that too unlikely?"   There is a difference between "life" and the complexity and order that we have here. The differences in complexity here, and simplicity on other planets, is unlikely with no guiding forces.  The facts that have been found support the theory of evolution (the relevant ones, that is). No known facts (except the bible's testimony) support religion.   The Bible's testimony is no small, insignificant thing.   I wish you wouldn't keep dodging the same question. I have asked it three times, and I will continue to ask it until I get a response. Should I make a new thread? Would you answer then?  Maybe if I get time, hijacker. It has NOTHING to do with Miller's book.   But you are trying to debunk the theory, right?   Not in this thread, no!  If it can be accepted by atheists, agnostics, theists, and the catholic church, how can you say that it is completely atheistic?   "It" is a broad term. The way Kenneth Miller describes it, (no Adam, no original sin) it doesn't appear to be accepted by anyone but atheists and agnostics.   The key word is "simplest." The theories that scientists come up with are simpler than the hypotheses presented by religious fundamentalists.   I don't agree, must be a worldview difference.   Some do. I suppose it doesn't change the points made in a post, but it does show how much effort went in.   Some people are better spellers than others - I don't think it's a question of effort. I've seen some atheists here who were pretty lousy spellers, but made thoughtful points. Electrolyte spells good. See what I mean? :p   But current events and morals are more important, right?   Yes, but not when we're analyzing Kenneth Miller's morals, as a Christian.   Today's society... I think that is more important than something that may have happened many years ago, right?   Not when we're wondering about Miller's beliefs about what happened many years ago.   A theistic evolutionist might say, "people who give stories priority over morals are not actually Christian."   And an atheist might say that too!!  Look up "no true scotsman."   I did. It's an attempt by atheism to paint Christians with too broad of a brush. Christians have a wide variety of beliefs, but there are limits. If a person disagrees with the teachings of Christ to a great enough degree, there has to be a time when he can no longer be considered a Christian, despite his (dishonest) insistance.   Again, I want an answer. My point is that you do not accept some things like, "God is wrath." You, too, pick and choose what you believe.  But they're not as drastic, and basically unaccepted, as Miller's.
My, this thread certainly has strayed off topic, hasn't it? It's gone from Kenneth Miller, to trashing Marc, imagine that! emoticon_xangel   I had to return my Kenneth Miller book to the library on the 11th, I have a bookstore trying to find me a paperback for my very own (seems like it's not a very popular book :p )  I'll post up when I get another copy. There's more ground to cover - I just can't remember it word for word.
Indeed it can. According to Thomas Jefferson the purpose of the two religion clauses of the 1st Amendment is to establish a wall of separation between church and state.  According to Thomas Jefferson, yes. Unfortunately for you, he never was declared the master intrepreter of the Constitution. He was one man, just like each of all the other framers were one man. At least however, most of them were actually in the country when the Bill of Rights was being discussed, ratified, etc.   Actually, the concept was first expressed by Roger Williams, the founder of the colony of Rhode Island. Of course, Williams was a proponent of religious freedom, which was why he was banished from Massachusetts Bay Colony. The Pilgrims were not in favor of religious freedom.  But more to the point, Jefferson stated that separation of church and state was the purpose of the religious clauses of the 1st Amendment. He was responding to a letter from the Danbury Baptists who were afraid of religious persecution by a majority government. They were not afraid of persecution by atheists, but by christians.  Subsequent to that, the principle was first recognized by a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court in 1878 [Reynolds v. United States (98 U.S. 145)], and many other cases decided by district and appeals courts as well as the Supreme Court. We can actually thank David Barton for compiling this list. But of course, as a christian trying to make a point, Marc only makes a vague reference to the case - i.e., some decision by an activist court in 1947. God forbid that he should actually support one of his points. I suspect that his reference is to Everson v. Board of Education (330 U.S. 1). But of course, christians don't need to give facts, only vague assertions.   Yes, you're good with vague assertions, too. Here's William Rehnquist's vague assertion about these things, (Wallace vs. Jaffree, 472 U.S. 38,92 (1985)  It is impossible to build sound constitutional doctrine upon a mistaken understanding of constitutional history, expressly freighted with Jefferson's misleading metaphor for nearly forty years. Thomas Jefferson was of course in France at the time the constitutional amendments known as the Bill of Rights were pressed by Congress and ratified by the States. His letter to the Danbury Baptists association was a short note of courtesy, written fourteen years after the amendments were passed by Congress. He would seem to any detached observer as a less than ideal source of contemporary history to the meaning of the Religion Clauses of the first amendment.   I guess atheists are not "detached observers". They are very attached, to an anti traditional agenda.   Rehnquist continues;  The establishment clause did not require government neutrality between religion and irreligion nor did it prohibit the Federal Government from providing nondiscriminatory aid to religion. There is simply no historical foundation for the proposition that the framers intended to build a "wall of separation" that was constitutionalized in Everson...... .....The "wall of separation between church and state" is a metaphor based on bad history, a metaphor which has proved useless as a guide to judging. It should be frankly and explicitly abandoned.   Even if you disagree with Rehnquist, one thing is for sure - Hi_It's_Me's statement "It is part of the Bill of Rights" really does have a truth value that can be determined. It's false.   [snip] further tripe [/snip]
I can't believe it. As I was reading over that article, it just wasn't making sense to me. I started skimming over it, and it was making less and less sense. Then, I get to this part:  Marc, that's quite possibly the dumbest stunt I've ever seen. You quoted a source almost a century old!   The www is only about 20 or so years old. Someone involved with Catholicism seemed to thing "newadvent" was worth putting on the web. It must have made sense to them. Maybe your being a militant atheist has more to do with making no sense to you than it's age?   Was it a "dumb stunt" when one of you (don't remember who) advised me to read "Origin of Species" some time back? Isn't it about 150 years old? emoticon_confused   Guys, it's time to give up on Marc. He's been making it quite clear in his last few threads that he is paranoid conspiracy theorist with a superiority complex.  According to him: 1. Everyone on these boards is "out to get him" by posting (gasp!), forcing him to scramble to answer.  2. If you don't agree with exactly his pov, you're an atheist. Doesn't matter what you're beliefs are, not agreeing with Marc=false teacher and tool of the devil 3. The reason the ToE is accepted is not because of a preponderance of evidence, it's because all us atheist evildoers and false teachers don't want to own up to our responsibilities to god and don't want to go to hell (Now, who wants to explain to me how if I'm an atheist, I "believe" in the ToE to escape a god I don't believe in, so I don't go to a place I don't believe exists when I die. I know that sounds confusing, but that's because it's nonsensical).    Oh, and Marc, just so you know, no one called me for help, I'm just tired of seeing you get absolutely slaughtered on here day after day by precise, logical arguments and seeing your rebuttals consisting of "EAC!" and 100 year old quotes. Do you want to impress us and have us seriously consider your points? Stop posting for 6 months. Read books, read websites, do some research; and not just from sources you already agree with. The thing you don't realize is, we've all researched creationism extensively. We've checked the websites, read the books, watched the videos, read the bible, etc. We know more about your position than you do. We also know a hell of a lot more about the ToE than you do, and no cries of "EAC!" will change the fact that you are pretty much clueless when it comes to anything that doesn't fit your preconceived notions of the world.  So, go, research. Come back with some well thought out points because, I have to tell you, the conspiracy theory thing, and the denigrating of others faith, it's getting old.  You really should work on that anger thing. I've hardly had any discussions with you. Is there anything I could do to calm you down? (besides leaving, of course :p )
Oh. You mean the case that was decided against Rehnquist? You mean in his dissenting opinion?  You christians just won't be happy until you can use the government to cram your religion down everyone's throat, will you?  Yes, that's the one! The one where activist courts change our traditional government to cram atheism down everyone's throats! Rehnquist spelled it out very nicely.
Are you saying that the government is supposed to be christian?   No, I'm saying that "the establishment clause did not require government neutrality between religion and irreligion", and it did not practice neutrality all throught most of U.S. history.   Also, can you find an example of the government trying to "cram atheism down everyone's throats?"   Verbal prayer offered in a school is unconstitutional, even if that prayer is both voluntary and denominationally neutral. (Engel v. Vitale, 1962; Abington v Schemp, 1963; Commissioner of Education v School Commitee of Leyden, 1971)  A city council meeting can pray, as long as they don't say the name of Jesus. (Rubin v City of Burbank, 1999)  In Omaha, Nebraska, a student was prohibited from reading hils Bible silently during his free time, or even to open it at school. (Gierke v Blotzer, 1989)   It is unconstitutional for a war memorial to be erected in the shape of a cross. (Lowe v City of Eugene, 1969)   I mean the government that supports dollar bills with "in god we trust" printed on them.  Atheist activists are working on that.
So does anyone have a few cases that actually show gov't 'shoving atheism' down the nation's throat?  I find that Marc's notion funny that the US Gov is shoving Atheism down the Country's throat, when the President is a self confessed Christian and the party in power in both House's is the party that Bible Belt vote for.  If the US Government is trying to shove Atheism down the nations throat then all those self confessed Christians on Capital Hill must be Charlatans.
Nevermind "the American Jewish Committee, and the Synagogue Council of America each submitted briefs urging the Court to instead reverse and rule that the prayer was unconstitutional."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engel_v._Vitale  So Marc, do you consider Jews to be Atheists?   No, but sometimes I consider some Jewish groups (there are many) to be sometimes wrong.   Schempp was a Unitarian who filed agnaist abington on a state law "that required his children, specifically Ellery Schempp, to hear and sometimes read portions of the Bible as part of their public school education."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abington_School_District_v._Schempp  Commissioner of Education v School Commitee of Leyden 1971 not found on the internet, lexis nexis nor findlaw.   So it doesn't exist? I just made it up?   How is that atheistic? All it does is enforce neutrality between various religions specifically as the establishment clause dictates   Small steps. Atheism is increasing just like taxes have increased over the last 50 years.   No such case exists on findlaw or lexis nexis.   So it doesn't exist it you can't find it. Well, you gotta give me credit, I made up some pretty cool imaginary names, didn't I? Really now, legal things are going on in the U.S. that can't be just popped up on the net any old time. I see them in books - the authors I trust don't cross every T and dot every I on referencing any worse than Richard Dawkins, or some of your other heros.     Not quite.   "The trial court, in a suit for declaratory relief, ordered the City of Eugene and the other named defendants to remove from a public hilltop park a neon-lighted concrete"  It's okay to have a war memorial erected in the shape of a cross in private property.   Source  So you're 0-4 with a no file found for 2.   Not quite. It's easy for anyone with an open mind to see that today's courts are ruling on and about things differently than they did only a few decades ago. As I've said before - when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined.    Sure they are. You'll remember it was a jewish family in Delware who sued the state for Christian oriented prayers.   One Jewish family, yes. They don't represent all Jews.    and it was another Jewish + Mormon group that sued Texas for much of the same.   So do you consider Jews and Mormons to be atheists?  One Jewish + Mormon group, yes. They don't represent all Mormons and Jews.
1. Creationists deny God. You can't be "with Jesus" and deny God. So being with creationists is not being with Jesus.   "Creationists deny God" - I can't go much further with you until you give me a source for that belief.   Quote: He finishes the book with "What kind of God do I believe in? The answer is in these words. I believe in Darwin's God."    And what does he mean by that? You apparently don't have a clue.   You wouldn't believe the clue I have. Maybe someone referred to as "the evil one", in the Bible?   Tell me, do you have any idea what "secondary cause" is?   No, tell me where it's at in the Bible, and I'll check it out. Or tell me where it's at in YOUR SOURCE for Christianity, (whatever that is) and I'll make a note of it.   Welcome to 4forums, by the way. :)
Doesn't mean they are atheist.   No, but in a political decision with only two choices, if they side with atheists, in that case they are indistinguishable from atheists.   And most people here consider you wrong on just about everything.   Most people here, yes. When comparing what goes on here (particularly poll results) to what goes on in most Federal and local governments all across the U.S. it's easy to see that the general population isn't represented here at all. Did you know that Air America Radio just filed for chapter 11?     No, but it is possible that the site you stole it off of did. I ran a search for the case and the only places it was found was on sites that had verbatim what you posted. Given the nature of Findlaw and Nexis Lexis, it is a good possibility that whoever wrote the piece you plargarized did make it up. And I see by your silence that you admit your other example doesn't classify   When 10 or more people are personally attacking me, you can read whatever you want from my silence. emoticon_xangel     You mean views that aren't identical to yours. Btw, you've failed to reply to my direct challenge about what constitutes atheism.   Last line of post #39 in the other thread.   And please, how does this case even promote your idiotic concept? There cannot be laws favoring or disfavoring one religion over the other. Mandatory bible readings is a direct violation of the 1st ammendment. You'd be agreeing if the text was the Koran instead of the bible, so stop being a hypocritical jack***.  Nothing included in this country's foundation was based on the Koran. The Thanksgiving day proclamation, the opening of many govornment activities by prayer in our country's beginning - there are many examples of how a reference to the Judeo Christian religion does not violate the first amendment in any way. (Until "separation of church and state" became the most abused phrase among atheists that this country has ever seen, that is)   Apparently you have no idea what findlaw and lexis nexis are. And who is Dawkins? 90% of the authors you cite I have no idea who they are.   Lexis Nexis is a pay search engine that I don't subscribe to. I can guess what findlaw is. The authors I cite are evolutionists, and they are also politically active atheists. They are masters at blending the two, and incorporating them into politics, and school curriculums. If you would have taken me up on my debate challange, I would have shown you.     And have consistantly failed to prove. the 4 of your cases that do exist have nothing to do with atheism. 2 of them were filed by believers.   In the past, "believers" weren't filing them.   One is aganist the mandatory bible reading. One is aganist religious symbols on public property.  Mandatory Bible reading and religious symbols on public property weren't a problem in the past.   You have nothing and it shows.   You're very angry and it shows.    How is believing in a God consituted as atheism? Do you even know what atheism is?   Atheism: 2 a : a disbelief in the existence of deity b : the doctrine that there is no deity   How is believing in the Jewish God disbelieving in the existance of a diety?  Is the jewish God not a God in their eyes? You're digging your own grave here.     Again, last time I checked, Mormons believed in Christ. Jews in the Jewish God.  You just called your own God not a God  Guess what Marc considers himself a Atheist as the christian God is considered by him to no longer be a God  Let's look at that whole thing again. Sheesh.  Quote: I mean the government that supports dollar bills with "in god we trust" printed on them.     Atheist activists are working on that.    Quote: Sure they are. You'll remember it was a jewish family in Delware who sued the state for Christian oriented prayers.    One Jewish family, yes. They don't represent all Jews.     Quote: and it was another Jewish + Mormon group that sued Texas for much of the same.   So do you consider Jews and Mormons to be atheists?    One Jewish + Mormon group, yes. They don't represent all Mormons and Jews.   In my "atheist activist" quote above, I was mainly referring to Michael Newdow. I actually admire him a little, he's an atheist who actually admits what he is.   Then I said one Jewish family doesn't necessarily represent all Jews - I never called them atheists.   Then you got me - I was tired. I meant to say certain Mormon or Jewish group can be wrong. But again, if a political desicion has only two choices, and Jewish and Mormon groups side with atheists, at least in that moment there is no difference between them.
What stupidity. Liberal atheists, for example, vote for Christian candidates running for the DFL all the time; they are not indistringuishable from those Christian democrates.  What more of us need to ask ourselves when a liberal atheist "votes" for Christian candidates, is if the Christian candidate is actually a Christian, or a PRETEND Christian. Some pretend Christians have thinner disguises than others.
Even if true, it is irrelevant.   It's not irrelevant at all. My main reason for discussing this, for starting this thread, is to find out if theistic evolution contributes to an increase in atheism in the U.S.   What has happened over the last 50 years is  1. Atheists have decided not to have theism forced on them. 2. Courts have been willing to acknowledge that atheism is a valid faith and not force theism on them.   I agree that's what they've decided, but I don't agree that theism has been forced on them. Do you think it has been forced on them, in violation of the first amendment?   When the Establishment Clause was written, atheism was an irrational faith and could be safely ignored. The First Amendment was meant to protect theists from one another. Specifical one denomination from other denominations of Christians.   I agree - but more than "irrational" at that time, atheism was safely ignored because it was unorganized. Not so today - it's as organized as any religion, and should have the first amendment applied to it in the same way.    However, atheism is now a rational faith. Therefore it has to be considered when we consider separation of church and state.   And I don't believe it is. Atheism uses evolution as a tool, and evolution enjoys a higher profile today among lay people than ever before. Newspaper articles, television programs, magazines, school curriculums, - its atheist implications are not being as carefully separated from state as some traditional religious practices. And it shows;  The days when churches could simply open their doors and people would flock in just because it was someplace to go, are mostly gone.   Increasingly, churches and ministries now have to not only compete with a wide, wide world of secular temptations, but often with each other as well.   http://prweb.com/releases/2006/2/prweb344779.htm#  No longer can the state by basically theist and just have separation of the state from particular versions of theism.   Why not? Why is that such a problem for theistic evolutionists?   Instead, the state must be agnostic and be separate from ANY version of theism.   There simply isn't enough difference between atheism and agnosticism. Why don't theistic evolutionists see that?   If it can't be found on Lexis it doesn't exist. Have you considered that the people you trust are not worthy of that trust and do make up cases to scare you?   There's always that possibility, I try to use common sense. Have you considered that atheists you trust make up things about evolution to get theistic evolutionists on their side politically? Why are you answering questions from post #71? Obvious_child does not claim to represent theistic evolution. emoticon_confused      As I've said before - when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined.  That doesn't follow. Yes, the courts are ruling differently than they did a century ago. However, that is because they are realizing that the situation is different than it was a century ago. The courts are recognizing that it is unconstitutional to force theism on atheists.   Today's courts are recognizing more about the intent of the framers than previous generations that were closer to the actual framers? I think not - today's courts simply think they know more than the framers. It's a matter of orginalism vs. non-originalism.   http://www.law.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/interp.html   BTW, you don't represent Christians, either.  That's funny - the atheists here tell me the same thing. With you, as with Kenneth Miller's book, I'm still not seeing much difference between theistic evolution and atheism.
No, they are not. It means that one of the political choices forces a view of theism that they don't share down their throats.   Yes, and it shows that they are more comfortable with atheism than another form of theism.  Why do theistic evolutionists oppose other forms of theism far stronger than they do atheism?    Remember, the Establishment Clause was originally designed to protect theists from other theists! So, some of the policies seek to establish a particular type of theism -- Fundamentalism -- over other types of theism.   Militant atheism seeks to divide Christianity by labeling those that they see as the biggest threat to their political agenda (separation of church & state) as "fundamentalists". It's intended to be a derogatory term. Does theistic evolution see "fundamentalists" as it's biggest threat also - far more than atheism?   I submit that it is actually worse. The policies seek to establish Fundamentalism, but Fundamentalism is NOT theism. So the objection of Mormons and Jews is that they don't want the state to establish a false idol as a state faith.   Do ALL theistic evolutionists declare that "fundamentalism" is not theism? Many here have tried to tell me that Catholics are theistic evolutionists. Does this mean that Catholics oppose "fundamentalism"? I don't see it in the U.S.    The general population is not supposed to be represented in court cases, particularly ones involving Bill of Rights issues. The court is supposed to prevent the tyranny of the majority and protect the mimority view from such tyranny.   I agree, but that's irrelevant to what I was saying. (I still don't understand why you're answering for other posters) He was making a comparison between the opinions of the general population and these forums, and there are vast differences.    So?   His implication was that if the Judeo Christian is represented in any way by the U.S. government, that the religion of Islam has to get equal, fair treatment. The U.S framers and traditions are not Muslim!!    Thanksgiving is a secular holiday.   It gives thanks to a Creator. emoticon_confused Are the Ten Commandments secular?   But yes, the Judeo-Christian denominations did violate the 1st Ammendment. In 1800 Massachusetts taxed anyone not belonging to the Congregational Church. In Virginia, anyone not belonging to the Anglican Church was taxed. Two different denominations of Christianity were the established churches in those states.   State issues vs. Federal issues. That's straying a little too far from our topic IMO.    It was Methodists, Baptists, and Presbyterians who were doing the objecting. Judeo-Christianity is not a monolith like you are trying to pretend. There are 20,000 Christian denominations.   "Not a monolith" - you and atheists heartily agree on that too.  It is worse because Fundamentalism is not Christian.   Another one you and atheists heartliy agree on.    So, even if we say that Judeo-Christianity does not violate the 1st Ammendment, Fundamentalism does.   And we're just now discovering it, even though it's been happening since the founding of the country?    Of course, in the presence of Islam, Hinduism, Mormonism, and atheism, Judeo-Christianity can indeed violate the 1st Ammendment if the government supports that religion exclusively.   I don't see a big huge threat of it. Apparantly, atheists and theistic evolutionists have exactly the same fears there, also.    Not in school curriculums. I have yet to see any creationist document where evolution is taught as atheism in public schools K-12. If you have such documentation, please share it. I will pass it on to NCSE so it can be corrected.   I may work on that when I get time, but the response from atheism and theistic evolution would be predictable - that it's evolution, pure innocent evolution, with no implications that there is no God.    But they should have been. Part of the reason was that non-Christians simply didn't have the courage to challenge them. And Christians didn't have the sensitivity to realize the mistake they were making. Now both conditions have been met. It's time for Christians to realize their mistake and correct it.   That's how non-orginalism works, that I referred to in the link above. Atheists and theistic evolutionists seem to have common ground there.     Hmm. if there is no "difference", that is the same as saying they ARE atheists.   No difference in that case. It wouldn't necessarily have to affix a label to them for one agreement in one case. As we are seeing from you and from Kenneth Miller's book, there are a boatload of cases where atheism and theistic evolution have no differences. The affixing of labels could be different here. emoticon_xangel   Apparently you don't consider the meaning of what you post.  And you may be getting angry.
Conclusion from data and reason, not belief.   So theistic evolution is not a belief, not a faith at all? It is simply a humanistic idea that is based on science, using God to fill gaps?   See the second quote in my signature. Creationists deny what science finds. But what does science study? God's Creation. So, by denying everything we see in God's Creation and insisting instead on a literal, inerrant reading of Genesis 1-3, creationists are denying God.   Creationists don't deny what science finds, it questions what science theorizes, with an atheist philosophy. Let's look at a paragraph from Kenneth Miller (the theistic evolutionist's) book, quoted from Carl Sagan, the atheist;  You can go to the witch doctor to lift the spell that causes your pernicious anemia, or you can take vitamin B12. If you want to save your child from polio, you can pray or you can innoculate. If you're interested in the sex of your unborn child, you can consult plumb-bob danglers all you want......but they'll be right, on average, only one time in two. If you want real accuracy, (here, 99% accuracy) try amniocentesis and sonograms. Try science.   There is a huge difference in the things he described above, and what science does to determine what happened billions of years ago, what chance, evolutionary principles affect human behavior - countless other philosophical things that science involves itself in. Atheism doesn't bother to try to distinguish between the two, and neither, apparantly, does theistic evolution.    As I said, you don't have a clue. You are SO wrong. These are quotes from Origin of Species. I doubt they will help you, but at least you will have the straight information for your denial.   So the "Origin of Species" has more information for theistic evolutionists than the Bible does??  Does theistic evolution believe in Satan?  "To my mind it accords better with what we know of the laws impressed on matter by the Creator, that the production and extinction of the past and present inhabitants of the world should have been due to secondary causes, like those determining the birth and death of the individual." pg. 449.  "But with regard to the material world, we can at least go so far as this -- we can perceive that events are brought about not by insulated interpositions of Divine power, exerted in each particular case, but by the establishment of general laws" Whewell: Bridgewater Treatise.   "The only distinct meaning of the word 'natural' is stated, fixed, or settled; since what is natural as much requires and presupposes an intelligent agent to render it so, i.e., to effect it continually or at stated times, as what is supernatural or miraculous does to effect it for once." Butler: Analogy of Revealed Religion.  "To conclude, therefore, let no man out of a weak conceit of sobriety, or an ill-applied moderation, think or maintain, that a man can search too far or be too well studied in the book of God's word, or in the book of God's works; divinity or philosophy; but rather let men endeavour an endless progress or proficience in both." Bacon: Advancement of Learning All from the Fontispiece   "The book of God's word" - atheists don't agree with that part. You've indicated that you don't either.    Didn't think you had any idea of "secondary cause".   No I didn't - I've learned something - and it looks like it is worth discussing.   "This third view that science and theology are two complementary partial descriptions of the world is very popular today, and for good reason. It does accurately capture part of the way science and theology relate. To understand this, it is important to grasp the distinction between primary and secondary causal actions by God. Roughly, what God did in parting the Red Sea was a primary causal act; what God did in guiding and sustaining that sea before and after its parting involved secondary causal acts by God. Secondary causes are God's usual way of operating by which He sustains natural processes in existence and employs them as intermediate agents to accomplish some purpose. Primary causes are God's unusual way of operating and involve direct, discontinuous, miraculous actions by God." http://www.leaderu.com/real/ri9404/threat.html  The author is JP Moreland, one of the leaders of ID. I mention this because you seem to assign "trust" to particular authors. I would think Moreland would be among those you trust.   He very well could be, yes. So atheism believes only in secondary causes, "fundamentalism" can believe in both primary and secondary causes, and theistic evolution believes in primary and secondary causes? The differences in theistic evolution and fundamentalism would be that fundamentalism believes in far more primary causes than does theistic evolution?   Remember that Darwin referred to evolution as the secondary cause by which "the Creator" acted. So, when Miller says "I believe in Darwin's God", he is saying that God sustains the natural process of evolution and an intermediate agent.   And if the "natural process of evolution" is determined by humans in a university lab, many with an atheist worldview, that clash with something the Bible says, you and Kenneth Miller immediately toss the Bible out and accept what the humans say - no questions asked?   "A Law of Nature then is the rule and Law, according to which God resolved that certain Motions should always, that is, in all Cases be performed. Every Law does immediately depend upon the Will of God." Gravesande, Mathematical Elements of Natural Philosophy, I, 2-3, 1726, quoted in CC Gillespie, Genesis and Geology, 1959.  Judges 21:15 " 4 The people were still disconsolate over Benjamin because the LORD had made a breach among the tribes of Israel. "  4. 4 [15] Had made a breach: what is here attributed to God was in reality the free and deliberate act of the Israelites and happened only by the permissive will of God. The ancients attributed to the first primary cause what is more directly due to secondary causes." http://www.nccbuscc.org/nab/bible/judges/judges21.htm  "Yes, God's eternal decree is being worked out, but the working out of that eternal decree is done through his interaction with people, and through their decisions and actions. The role that man's actions take in the working out of God's will is called a "secondary cause." The Westminster Confession of Faith explains it this way: "God is the first cause, and in relationship to Him everything happens unchangeably and infallibly. However, by this same providence, He orders things to happen according to secondary causes. As a result of these secondary causes, some things must inevitably happen; others may or may not happen, depending on the voluntary intentions of the agents involved; and some things do not have to happen but may, depending on other conditions (WCF 5.2; I've quoted from Summertown Text's modern version)." http://www.thirdmill.org/answers/answer.asp/file/99788.qna/category/th/page/questions/site/iiim  So the main disagreements between fundamentalists and theistic evolutionists are what are, and are not first (primary) causes. And atheists believe everything is a second cause (or first cause) with no intelligence behind it.   It still doesn't make any sense to me why theistic evolutionists are in such agreement with atheists, and so far apart from "fundamentalists".   "The causes of the science versus Christianity battle may be traced to three errors. First, the proponents on both sides often fail to define the term, "evolution." Second, both sides have failed to see science as a product of a Christian world view. And, finally, both sides confuse the realms (limits) of science and theology. ...  I love that second one "science as a product of a Christian worldview". Then why are such a huge percentage of Biological scientists atheists?    There has (and continues to be) a confusion between primary causes and secondary causes. The study of natural science deals with secondary causes while theology studies primary causes. For example, we may explain rain by saying that moisture in the air is cooled below the dew point causing water molecules to condense around dust particles thereby generating precipitation. This is a secondary cause. The primary cause is simply, "God made it rain." In other words, God, who created the physical system, is the cause behind the observable cause.   I don't see evidence of the Carl Sagan's, Richard Dawkins' etc, making references to primary and secondary causes. Didn't notice it in Miller's book either.   Some people attempt to explain unknown causes in nature by God's direct intervention. This has been called, "the God of the gaps." While God could certainly intervene in the natural process (called a miracle), to make God responsible for common natural phenomena means that as each scientific discovery finds a natural explanation of what was previously attributed to God, the direct intervention of God becomes unnecessary. That is, as the gaps in knowledge become smaller, the God of these gaps becomes correspondingly smaller. People with this mentality see science as a threat to their faith. Obviously, were such a view held by the founders of modern science, there would have been no incentive to find answers to the natural phenomena. Understanding these natural phenomena as secondary causes, places God above them where increased ability to explain how they occur not only does not "decrease" God, but adds wonder to His creation." http://www.leaderu.com/offices/o_helweg/science_andor_faith.html  And depending on what human is "finding the answers" it can unfortunately cheapen and deny many central Biblical teachings.   "This example illustrates the limits beyond which science cannot take us. By its very nature science deals with what theologians call 'secondary causes', that is, with interactions within nature. It cannot deal with 'primary causes', that is, the ultimate origin and purpose of nature. " http://www.st-edmunds.cam.ac.uk/faraday/CIS/lucas/lecture.html  Many atheist scientists disagree with that. Why don't theistic evolutionists take them to task over that?   "5.3. Thomas Aquinas: God Acts Through Secondary Causes  5.3.1. Primary and Secondary Causes  Example: consider the quality and beauty of piano music at a concert.  Primary Cause: the gifted pianist with the ability to play the piano beautifully  Secondary Cause: the piano  The primary cause (the gifted pianist) must work through the secondary cause (the piano) to achieve the effect they desire. If the piano is horribly out of tune . . . .     5.3.2. God Works in the World Indirectly Through Secondary Causes  Aquinas:  God is the primary cause of everything, but has chosen to work indirectly through secondary causes. (i.e. "delegating" divine action) God might try to move a human will, for example, in order to help an ill person" http://www.stjohnadulted.org/The_01.htm#Thomas%20Aquinas:%20God%20Acts%20Through%20Secondary%20Causes  "This doctrine establishes the reality of "Secondary Causes"  Though God is not the cause of sin, it does have a cause. Evil can only be found in the creature. Therefore the creature is the only efficient and proximate cause of sin. We are not created as just machines following impersonal programming. We are persons who act morally. We are responsible for our actions before God. This is why the doctrine of the decrees differs so completely from the doctrine of fatalism. ... How is the idea of secondary causes necessary in maintaining a biblical view of God, creation and of moral law?" http://www.girs.com/library/theology/syllabus/theo4.html  I'll have to look all that over when I get more time, but I didn't notice anything resembling this kind of detail in Kenneth Miller's book - maybe because his buddy Richard Dawkins would disagree with it?
This is the third time now that I've reminded you of the fact that Richard Dawkins and Militant Atheism Inc. have attacked Miller for his views.  Yes, I know you tend to say the same irrelevant things over and over. If Miller felt attacked as a Christian, he would respond. He referred to Dawkins on 15 different pages in that book - never said a bad word about him. Almost always fully agreed with him.   On page 172 in the book, he referred to a chance meeting with a creationist that he'd just debated, and when asking him if he "actually believed this stuff", Miller said (in the book) that he might have "expected a wink and a nod. We had both been paid for our debate appearances, and perhaps I expected him to acknowledge that he made a pretty good living from the creation business."   Miller undoubtedly makes a pretty good living in the theistic evolution business, and the way he lavished praise on Dawkins in his book, I'd say he and Dawkins wink and nod at each other quite often.
You know, I simply can't imagine why that would be the case.   I can't either, if science is a product of a Christian worldview, as he claimed. You ignored what I was responding to.   And have you noticed how dilligently dentists floss? And electricians' houses - always really well wired. It's like... it's almost like they're informed or something.   Yes, those are single subjects. It takes more than the results of a single subject to arrive at a worldview.
Welcome back - you've been gone awhile. :) I've been gone about a week myself - needed a new hard drive and the time necessary to get all systems back to normal.   1. Let's go back and look at claims, because your statement is not tied to what I was talking about.  "Originally Posted by marc9000  "Creationists deny God" - I can't go much further with you until you give me a source for that belief. "  To that I replied that the statement "Creationists deny God" is NOT a belief, but a conclusion derived from reason and evidence. Nothing in it at all about theistic evolution.   There really is something in it about theistic evolution, because YOU, as a theistic evolutionist, made the statement. There are many atheists who claim to have read the Bible, and even though they reject it, they claim to be knowledgeable enough about it to proclaim that "creationists deny God", because "reason and evidence" tell them that - reason and evidence gathered from a "there is no God" presupposition. The very same one that theistic evolutionists seem to have.   2. The "theistic" part of theistic evolution is a belief. Just like the "atheist" part of atheistic evolution is a belief. The "evolution" part isn't a belief.   Evolution isn't a belief? I suppose it depends on which definition of evolution we use, as there are many. Suppose some atheist scientists, behind their usual closed doors, analyze and theorize that religion is a product of the human brains evolution. Do theistic evolutionists accept that without question? Would that evolutionary discovery inspire you to completely reject theology as a quirk in your brain to be cast off, so you could be as perfect as those who were born without that quirk, like Richard Dawkins or Edward O. Wilson?    3. Theistic evolution is definitely NOT "using God to fill gaps". Using God to fill gaps is ID. Theistic evolution simply says that the material processes discoverd by science are the secondary causes (the material causes) God used to create. No gaps.   Creationists often say that too, that God uses material processes. The difference seems to be that creationists question the humans who represent science when they make claims that much or all of the book of Genesis is false. Theistic evolutionists seem to routinely accept human claims over Biblical claims without question. The Bible plainly warns about that, and there is no complex interpretation questions about those warnings. Except to toss them out, as atheists do.     Marc, I need a book and page number for that quote. It sounds like Sagan from Demon Haunted World, not Miller. Sagan died in December 1996. Miller's most famous book about science and God was not published until 1999. So that leaves out that book. Before that, Miller wrote textbooks and didn't mention God. So how could Sagan quote from a book written after Sagan died?   You misunderstand, and I assume it's just a coincidence that your misunderstanding enabled you to escape addressing my point. Let's go through it slowly; If you need a book, does the title of this post "FINDING DARWIN'S GOD" ring a bell? There are only two references to Sagan in the index, pages 194 and 221. Trying page 194 first, we find that quote! Now read what I said again; "a paragraph from Kenneth Miller....quoted from Carl Sagan" It really is possible to quote someone after they die. My point in quoting it was that it was a Godless, secular paragraph that Sagan as an atheist proclaimed, and Miller as a theistic evolutionist heartily agrees with. The paragraph covered amemia, polio, etc, but left out abortion, embryonic stem cell research etc. Another coincidence?     I don't see a huge difference.   You deleted the final sentence from my quote. This one "Atheism doesn't bother to distinguish between the two, and neither, apparently, does theistic evolution." If you'd have left that sentence in and thought about it, maybe you'd have seen a huge difference, a huge influence those things can have on political discussions.    The same methodology science used to come up with sonograms and amniocentesis was used to come up with evolution.   Are sonic imaging and amniocentisis "theories" in the same way that things like abiogenesis and religion "brain quirks" are? Atheists think so, do you?   After all, both sonic imaging and amniocentesis are theories.   Yes I know, gravity is a theory too. emoticon_rolleyes Sonic imaging, gravity, religious brain quirks - there are many other "theories" atheists try to compare and confuse with their philosophy to try to make them indistinguishable. As a theistic evolutionlist, Miller doesn't seem to mind.     Origin of Species has more information on the relationship of evolution to theology than the Bible does. Since the Bible has no such information, that wouldn't take much. emoticon_xhoho Darwin took standard Christian theology. Creationism denies that theology.   "Creationists deny God"...."Creationism denies Christian theology" - atheist proclamations that you have thus far failed to back up.    BTW, the OT doesn't "believe in Satan" the way Fundamentalists do, either. For that you need to go to the non-Biblical Essenes and Milton. So why are you taking such non-Biblical sources for major theological beliefs?  My interpretation tells me they ARE Biblical, and plenty of credentialed Christian theologians agree with me. Your interpretation tells you that they are non Biblical, and you have plenty of atheist company. Theistic evolution doesn't seem to fall anywhere near the halfway point between creation and atheism, does it?    Where did I indicate that?   You've indicated that you believe the Bible to be a "false idol". From the "help me out here" thread;  But you cannot believe in a god of a literal inerrant Bible and accept evolution. However, as a Christian I don't have any problem with that. After all, if your god is a literal inerrant Bible you are worshipping a false idol.     I don't agree with a literal interpreation of that part of scripture, but then scripture itself tells me not to take it literally.   Chapter and verse?   Sorry, a literal interpretation of the Bible is not "God's word". That you think so shows how much you do not worship God.   Each Christian denomination has varying views of what is "literal" and how it's to be applied to everyday life. All that can get complicated, but the simple fact that theistic evolution doesn't seem concerned enough about it to define it's beliefs through it's own denomination makes one wonder how concerned it really is about theisim - how it's followers seem to be content to do the same things on Sunday mornings that atheists do.    Atheism believes secondary causes act on their own. Theistic evolutionists believe that secondary causes require God in order to work. Fundamentalists believe that 1) God does not exist unless their are primary causes and 2) there are only primary causes. In essence, Fundies believe like atheists: if there are material causes, then God is absent.   "Fundies believe like atheists" - interesting. Atheists often use the somewhat derogatory term "fundies". You use it too, yet you seem to have no derogatory term for atheists.     We accept what God says. You say "nature" is something that doesn't have God in it.   Where did I say that? All Christianity sees God in nature.    But who created nature? God, right? Therefore, nature is something God wrote. OTOH, humans wrote scripture. Even more, a literal interpretation is done by humans. So, when we have something God did vs something humans say about God, Miller and I choose God.   But you and Miller are humans too. Very convienient how you can make God whatever you want him to be. Are you idolizing yourselves?   Calvin told us that it doesn't matter what the worldview is.   Who is Calvin?  So what if the scientist is atheist? The data is the same. That's the essence of science: the data must be the same for everyone, no matter what their worldview is. Now, if the atheist projects his personal beliefs on the data and says the data show atheism is "fact", then Miller and I do object. Because then the person is not being a scientist anymore, but mislabeling his personal beliefs as science.   And you seem to be saying that personal beliefs influencing science are the exception rather than the rule. I have a different view about human frailty - I'm learning how theistic evolution undermines the basic way of reading the Bible, and how it makes sin largely meaningless. The reality of sin is basic in theology.    Oh no. The main disagreement between theistic evolutionists and Fundmentalists is that Fundies aren't worshipping God, but a false idol of their own making.   The Bible? - yes you've made that very clear, and atheists love you for it. The Bible was written over a period of fourteen hundred years, over forty generations, by over forty authors, from all walks of life, written on three continents. There are many things in it that I don't like. But since I'm not God, it's not my call to twist it to suit myself. It's far from being an "idol" and you know it if you're a theist.     Nope. Atheists believe material causes -- what you are mislabeling "secondary causes" -- happen on their own. Theists believe that material causes require God's will in order to work.   What's the difference between material causes and secondary causes?     We don't agree with atheists about atheism. DUH! But we agree that evolution happened. That's because the data is the same for all of us. Theistic evolutionists believe that evolution is how God created. Atheistic evolutionists believe evolution happened on its own without God. There is no scientific data to resolve that difference. So we live and let live.   "Live and let live", by helping atheists "separate church and state", and politically fight creationists every step of the way? Do you think atheists are being discriminated against in the U.S.?   Fundies/creationists insist on their interpretation of scripture over what God tells us. So, we don't listen to them; we listen to God.   And God speaks to you through evolution, the same evolution that atheists use to proclaim that there is no God?   Define "huge percentage". Depending on how you define theism, anywhere from 50% to 90% of biologists are theists. Now, include agnosticism and that doesn't leave a "huge percentage" to be atheists.   Your percentages aren't commonly claimed.   From Miller's book, page 19; Over years of teaching and research in science, I have come to realize that a presumption of atheism or agnosticism is universal in academic life.   page 184; The conventions of academic life, almost universally, revolve around the assumption that religious belief is something that people grow out of as they become educated.   Scientists come from academies. A general concensus from all around the internet puts the percentages of atheistic biological scientists in the high 90's. Your percentages are wrong. When it comes to the study of science, and the paths it takes, there's not a dimes worth of difference between an agnostic and an atheist.   "Johnson encapsulates his major insistence by writing: 'In the broadest sense, a 'creationist' is simply a person who believes the world (and especially mankind) was *designed* and exists for a *purpose*." Darwinism, Johnson claims, inherently and explicitly denies such a belief and therefore constitutes a naturalistic philosophy intrinsically opposed to religion. "But this is the oldest canard and non sequitor in the debater's book. To say it for all my colleageues and for the umpteenth millionth time (from college bull sessions to learned treatises): science simply cannot (by its legitimate methods) adjudicate the issue of God's possible superintendence of nature. We neither affirm nor deny it; we simply can't comment on it as scientists. ... Science can work only with naturalistic explanations; it can neither affirm nor deny other types of actors (like God) in other spheres (the moral realm, for example).   Can you or Mr. Johnson explain why Richard Dawkins book, The BLIND watchmaker, sold so well? Apparently, millions of book readers prove Mr. Johnson wrong, don't they?    "Forget philosophy for a moment; the simple empirics of the past hundred years should suffice. Darwin himself was agnostic (having lost his beliefs upon the tragic death of his favorite daughter), but the great American botanist Asa Gray, who favored natural selection and wrote a book entitled Darwiniana, was a devout Christian. Move forward 50 years: Charles D. Walcott, discoverer of the Burgess Shale fossils, was a convinced Darwinian and an equally firm Christian, who believed that God had ordained natural selection to construct a history of life according to His plans and purposes. Move on another 50 years to the two greatest evolutionists of our generation: G.G. Simpson was a humanist agnostic, Theodosius Dobzhansky a believing Russian Orthodox. Either half my colleagues are enormously stupid, or else the science of Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs -- and equally compatible with atheism, thus proving that the two great realms of nature's factuality and the source of human morality do not strongly overlap." SJ Gould, Impeaching a self-appointed judge. Scientific American, 267:79-80, July 1992.   If half his colleagues can't see how Dawkins, Wilson, Dennett, Lewontin, Sagan, Gould, and many other prominent atheist evolutionists affect politics, they really are enormously stupid.      Sagan and Dawkins don't. That's because they don't believe in secondary causes. They are atheists, therefore they believe material causes are the only causes. However, Dawkins has shown one way for God to intervene in evolution and be indectable to science. Ironic, isn't it? emoticon_xhoho   Yes it is, Dawkins can do anything he wants - he wasn't born with that "religion quirk" was he? He can show "God to intervene", Miller can heap praise on him, and he and allllllllll theistic evolutionists can chuckle about together, can't they?   As to Miller, I suggest Chapter 8 of Finding Darwin's God. A lot of it is devoted to the 2 questions in science where God is still scientifically acceptable as primary cause, but a lot of it has the concept of secondary cause embedded in it:   "God would use material processes .." That's a very clear invocation of secondary cause. pg 252   I can't find that statement - it's NOT ON page 252. I don't remember seeing the word "secondary" anywhere in the book. It may have been in there, but I'd like for you to show me where there was a detailed description of "primary" and "secondary" causes.   Miller also quotes Howard van Till describing St. Augustine on pg 254:  "The universe was brought into being in a less than fully formed state but endowed with the capacities to transform itself, in conformity with God's will, from unformed matter into a marvelous array of structures and lifeforms. In other words, Augustine envisioned a Creation that was, from the instant of its inception, characterized by functional integrity"  That is secondary cause.  It was on page 255. Is all theistic evolution this precise?   "What we have learned from science explains, for the first time in human history, how God could have solved the overpowering logical problems of His divine nature by creating for us a distinctive world of meaning and substance." pg 258  You got that page number right!!   "The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves."   And this one from the same page, if you wouldn't have quoted it, I sure would have!! So only evolutionists, not Bible scholars, are capable of giving God credit and power!! Talking about self idolization and arrogance!!  "We are now far enough along in the development of science to appreciate that its track record suggests that ultimately it will find natural causes for natural phenomena. God has fashioned a self-consistent reality in nature," pg 252   Again, not on page 252 - maybe you have a hardcover with slightly different page numbers than mine. But I'll belive you that it's in there somewhere. The question is, why would the same reason and evidence and conclusions lead one observer to believe that "God has fashioned", and another observer (Dawkins)to believe that "blindness" has fashioned?   I don't think you have EVER read Finding Darwin's God.   And I don't think that's the only thing you're wrong about.   You have just read people who have given false witness about it. Now, if a person willingly repeats false witness without checking for the truth, is that person also guilty of false witness?   I suppose so, but I didn't do that. Where did you learn about false witness in science? Again, I'd like for you to show me where the detail is in that book about primary and secondary causes.     How? How can the human do anything about God?   By convincing millions of readers that he doesn't exist - that a "Blind Watchmaker" is responsible for our existance.     The only way to "cheapen" the teachings is to deny what God teaches us (atheist and theist alike) in His Creation. You need to read more of St. Augustine.  St. Augustine wasn't inspired by God the same way the Biblical authors were.    1. Actually, not "many" You can count on two hands the number that really do take on primary causes: Sagan, Wilson, Dawkins, Atkins, PZ Myers (Dennett and Provine, but they are philosphers). The vast majority of scientists who are agnostic and atheists do not engage in this.   But they don't "take them to task", do they? And I don't have quite that many fingers to count the thousands and thousands of Sagan, Wilson, Dawkins, lovers and parroters that today's universities publically funded science departments are saturated with. You need to read more David Horowitz.   2. And yes, scientists do take them to In fact, some agnostic and atheist scientists take them to task. Eugenie Scott, head of the NCSE, has done so many times. So has Michael Ruse (altho he is also a philosopher). Scientists such as Miller, and others have entered the fray. There is a book called Science Held Hostage by (theists) Van Till, Menninga, and Young that takes on scientists who step beyond the science to atheism.   It's not making it to the NY Times front page though, is it? It's not making any headway in changing how it's taught in public schools, is it?   3. The scientists who go beyond the bounds do not attack science. Therefore most scientist who are theists don't get involved. They have 3 main reasons: 1) they are secure enough in their own faith that they don't view what is being done as a threat, 2) since they know where science ends and faith begins, most simply filter out the religious aspects as being personal and therefore, not worth commenting on and 3) there is nothing for them to argue, as scientists. Creationism, OTOH, gets the science wrong and is a direct threat to science.   Who makes that determination? Blind watchmaker Dawkins, or God fearing Miller? Neither of their beliefs is a threat to science?    More likely because you haven't read Miller's book. It's all there in Chapters8 and 9.  Show me where (page numbers - if they're close I'll find them) where Miller addresses SIN in any detailed way.
Cite the pages, please.   That wasn't addressed to you, it was addressed to a non-theistic evolutionist. Springing to his defense, are you? If you need page numbers, look for Dawkins in the index.     1. Actually, no, Miller doesn't make a living at this. He is a full time faculty member, with teaching and research responsibilities.   Hmmm, I'm wondering if you've actually read Miller's book. Surely you would have remembered his little run in with Henry Morris, (bottom of page 172)  We had both been paid for our debate appearances...    He is a well-known textbook author. Finding Darwin's God is the only book on science and religion Miller has written. Compare that to any of the creationist authors. As far as I know, any of Miller's appearances for evolution, such as before the Ohio School Board or at the Dover trial, are volunteer work.   You don't think it's possible that he got any "gifts" for his appearance at the Dover trial? Politics is a really intense game in the U.S.   2. Cite passages, complete in context with complete references, where Miller "lavishes praise on Dawkins".   He seemed to love the book, the Blind Watchmaker. Page 187. But he probably would have avoided mentioning it, were it not for his hatred for Michael Behe.    I only find "Dawkins" list in the Index 13 times, not 15. The first reference pg 14-15 has two references:  "Biologist and author Richard Dawkins once allowed his readers to consider how powerful natural selection was by asking them how many of their direct ancestors had died in childhood."   No reference to atheism there, is there?   LOL, no, unless you realize that he's implying that natural selection is more powerful than God!!  page 15 "Wilson's sentiment that Darwinian natural selection rules out God is widely shared. Richard Dawkins leaves no doubt about his own views of a Darwinian universe. It is not a place of real values, of genuine good and evil"  But now you need to go to page 17:  "A nonscientist reading the popular books of writers like these might be forgiven for jumping to the conclusion that modern evolutionary science has ruled out the existence of God. According to Williams, science certainly has ruled out the existence of a benign one. "Is this indeed the case? ... Does evolution really nullify world views that depend on the spiritual? ... And does it rigorously exclude belief in God? "These are the questions that I will explore in the pages that follow. My answer, in each and every case, is a resounding no. I do not say this, as you will see, because evolution is wrong. Far from it. The reason, as I hope to show, is because evolution is right. "  You didn't read the rest of the book and find the reasons for the "no". Some of us did read the book.   As a Christian with a basic knowledge of the nature of God, I didn't find his reasons for the "no" convincing.    What you care about is your literal interpretation of Genesis. For that to be true, then you must argue against evolution and science. Miller and I care about God. Too bad you don't.  Ah yes, as Miller proclaimed;   "The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves."   But you don't bother to start a theistic evolution church, and enlighten all the unwashed masses about your supreme knowledge of God. Maybe it's happening in the universities?
And the disguise of creationists/Fundamentalists is so transparent that we know they are not Christians, but false-idol worshippers.   Yes, that false Bible. emoticon_rolleyes   What you are not doing, Marc, is distinguishing beliefs about God from beliefs about social justice, morality, economics, politics, etc.   Because beliefs about God directly relate to beliefs about those things.   Christianity is not a political position. Atheists and Christians can share the same opinions about political ideas and still disagree about whether God exists.   They can, but seldom do. Beliefs in God, or lack of it, often cause immediate separation of political ideas. In the U.S. it's the belief that a Creator gives unalienable rights. The question of the existence of unalienable rights of an individual almost always includes a question of the power of government in individuals lives.    For instance, a Christian who takes seriously the Commandment "Thou shalt not kill" could object to the Iraq war because it is killing. An atheist could object to the Iraq war because 1) it is not a just war because we were lied to in order to get us into it, 2) it is hurting the security of the US, and 3) it is viewed as American colonialism.   That's true, but your example is not common. Many, if not most Christians don't object to the Iraq war because they believe it's a "deterant" from killing. American killing. If we'd have taken out Hitler as quick as we took out Hussien, fewer people would have died overall.   So, if the Christian runs for Congress on the platform that he will do everything to end the Iraq war, and atheist could easily vote for him because they want the same thing  in this particular case.   But this particular case is the exception, not the rule. Just about any informed Christian doesn't want a Muslim victory in Iraq.    It says nothing about the Christian's committment to Christianity or depth of his belief. In fact, his position comes FROM the depth of his belief.  Or his position could come from an ignorance of the threat of Terrorism.
...ah, that's enough to prove you wrong  Prove me wrong? What did I assert? All I did was ask him a question. emoticon_confused
Btw, why it is you refuse to post on the atheism debate or your own?  Waiting for the moderator to set up our formal one - he hasn't been here since 11-14. As far as I know he's the only one authorized by the administration to set them up. We'll just have to wait.
Just like your "wink and nod" excrement, I'm calling you on this one too. Provide evidence of this, or else retract your not-so-subtle insinuation.  "Wink and a nod" was a quote from the book that is the title of this thread. (page 172) Retract it? LOL Why don't you retract all your angry 4 letter words?
Ignoring for the moment that you have oh-so-conveniently evaded the clear meaning of my post,   "Wink and nod excrement" was your phrase, and I let you know that Miller was the one that originally used the term. The clear meaning of your post was that you thought it was my phrase, and it was not.   nowhere in the book (or elsewhere) does is it said that Dawkins and Miller are winking and nodding at each other in the sense you present.   If you check the index, you'll find many references to Dawkins, almost all of them to agree with him and heap praise on him. Yet one of them supposedly believes in God and the other doesn't, and they both get paid for public appearances etc. and sometimes work together in public appearances. Winking and nodding in exactly the way Miller used it - exactly the sense I presented it.    (In fact, Miller was saying that he half-expected deception on the part of Henry Morris, the creationist.)   Yes, and he had no evidence to back it up, and as it turned out, it didn't happen. Yet you don't say a word about Miller "proving" anything - you don't "call him on it". Yet when I show evidence of how much Miller and Dawkins agree (wink and nod) you become even more angry, and ask for still more evidence.    In other words, you're lying once again, and even though you're being called on it, you don't have the integrity to retract your blatant lies. It's okay to lie as long as it's lying for Jesus, huh marc?   In other words, you're sputtering with rage again.    Why should I? Were they untrue?   It's not really a question of "true", concerning blasphemous sputtering with rage. It's against forum rules.    Were they blatant lies presented purposefully? No, they were not, unlike your tripe. Face it: if you don't want to get called on your lies, stop lying. My language doesn't force you to lie, nor does it excuse your lies; you lie of your own accord, and you -- the holier-than-thou Bible thumper -- haven't the honesty or integrity to fess up and retract. Do I find that ironic? Nope, not anymore; it's par for the course.  Yawn.
Theistic evolution counteracts atheism the drive to atheism that Biblical literalism causes. Biblical literalism says: believe a literal Bible or believe your own senses. Anyone is going to believe their own senses.   But they're going to be able to put their own senses in proper perspective, if they know what Proverbs 3: 5,6 says.    Therefore creationism/Biblical literalism drives people away from God toward atheism. In fact, I've often wondered if Biblical literalists were not undercover atheists.   Practically no one is a 100% Biblical literalist. If there was, we'd be seeing some people walking around with no eyes, or hands. (Matthew 5: 29,30) There are always different degrees to Biblical literalism, and that literalism applies to two different things - the historical aspect, and the behavior aspect.    Not intentionally, but yes, forced nonetheless. As a theist, I would consider having "there is no god to trust" on money to be forcing atheism on me.   So having "In God We Trust" is forcing religion, having "There is no god to trust" is forcing atheism, and the solution is to simply say nothing about God? Maybe it works with money, but it doesn't work for many other things, including politics and science. Often, the complete presence of God, or the complete absence of God are the only two considerations.   Atheism was unorganized because it was not a valid intellectual position. Advocates of slavery today aren't organized either, but that is because slavery is an untenable position.   I don't think history, compared to current events, shows a change in the intellectual position of atheism. There are only two reasons it is more organized today. 1) Government is much bigger and more corrupt (affected by special interests) and 2) communications are infinitely better today. Check out this statement;  It has been the error of the schools to teach astronomy, and all the other sciences, and subjects of natural philosophy, as accomplishments only; whereas they should be taught theologically, or with reference to the Being who is the author of them: for all the principles of science are of divine origin. Man cannot make, or invent, or contrive principles: he can only discover them; and he ought to look through the discovery to the Author."  " The evil that has resulted from the error of the schools, in teaching natural philosophy as an accomplishment only, has been that of generating in the pupils a species of atheism. Instead of looking through the works of creation to the Creator himself, they stop short, and employ the knowledge they acquire to create doubts of his existence. They labour with studied ingenuity to ascribe every thing they behold to innate properties of matter, and jump over all the rest by saying, that matter is eternal." "The Existence of God--1810"   Looks like someone thought atheism was a valid intellectual position 200+ years ago. Times often don't change as much as we think they do.      But I don't see an "organized" atheism. I don't see a political party advocating atheism.   I do - the Democrat pary.   The closest you are going to get is the Secular Humanism Society and, perhaps, the Skeptics Socieity. Neither have large memberships and both have much larger interests than atheism.   Have you ever heard of George Soros? He's personally given $5 billion to promote atheism around the world, much of it in U.S. politics. How about Progressive Insurance? They didn't just pull the name "progressive" out of thin air - they gave $8.5 million to the ACLU.    First, the website has nothing to do with evolution. It is about churches adopting secular advertising techniques.   It's mainly about declining church attendence. You don't think there's a chance that "natural selection" and all it's associated theories has anything to do with that?   You seem to be equating evolution with all secular, non-religious society. That's not valid.   You see much more neutrality in secular society than I do. It seems that you don't have much interest in politics.   Yes, evolution has a high profile, but I don't see it associated --outside of a few militant atheists like Dawkins and Dennet -- with atheism. I've never heard of evolution being taught as atheism in public schools, even tho I've asked numerous times for examples.   There is no hard, defining line that determines when it definitely is / definitely is not being taught. It is implied - I take that implication that it is taught and you take it as innocent neutrality. Again, I'm not much of a believer in neutrality considering this country's two party political system. This two party political system isn't mandated, it fell into place naturally by human nature - imperfect human nature.     EVOLUTION IS NOT ATHEISM Despite the efforts of creationists like you and militant atheists like Dawkins to make it so, evolution, like all science, is agnostic.   The formal debate proposition is waiting for you.   No longer can the state by basically theist and just have separation of the state from particular versions of theism.   [marc9000] Why not? Why is that such a problem for theistic evolutionists?   First, why do associate this with theistic evolution? It has nothing to do with it. I'm speaking as a theist and a citizen of the US, not as an evolutionist.   Because it's a recent, non traditional atheist claim. As a theist, why do you insist that the state has no right to be theist? Why is this (recent, according to you) atheist faith so important to you?    Second, I told you: atheism is now a possible faith. Before there was only different versions of theism: Christianity (with its various denominations), Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, etc. So saying "under God" did not promote any of them. After all, it was a generic "God" and they all agreed God exists. But now we have a faith that God does not exist. So the government can't say "under God" because that is not their faith. It is the government sanctioning one faith -- theism -- over another faith.   Again, I don't see a big change in the feasability of atheism from 200 years ago to today. There have been recent new scientific discoveries (the complexity of life for example) that can make atheism harder to believe today than it was in previous generations.   And, in fact, that is how "under God" got into the Pledge! The original Pledge did not have it and for over 70 years did not have the phrase. The phrase was inserted during the McCarthy era especially to distinguish the USA from atheistic Communism. The idea was that a Communist (being an atheist) could not say the Pledge. That's not right, both from the pov of the Constitution and the Great Commandment.   How about the Washington Monument, the Jefferson Memorial, the U.S. Capitol building, other federal property where references to God weren't "inserted" - they've been there all along. Should they be erased, since atheism is now a recently established faith?    Because it is you who can't see the difference. Atheists try to make the difference narrower in order to try to gain epistemological legitimacy to atheism, but the reality is a huge difference. Atheism is a faith that deity does not exist. Agnosticism is a neutral position that there is insufficient data to decide whether deity exists or not.  Atheists have tried to make the term "weak atheism" and have it be equivalent to agnosticism. Under critical examination, however, weak atheism reduces to either agnosticism or atheism.   The part I highlighted shows why I can't see the difference. When "agnostics" like Stephen Jay Gould (or several posters on these forums) blast religion in exactly the same way that atheists do, it makes it even harder to tell the difference. It's a thing called logic.    Would't work. Since science works with the physical universe, anyone can go to the physical universe and check up to see whether something is "made up".   Anyone? Anyone can recreate and observe complex lab experiments - look through the Hubble telescope with their own eyes, or travel to Ellesmere Island, Canada and see the Tiktaalik Roseae? During the 40 years that the Piltdown Man remains were widely believed to be genuine, and were kept locked in a vault, could "anyone" see them?   Since I believe God created, it means I can go to God to make sure the atheists are being honest. :)   How do you "go to God" without a literal belief in history as written in the Bible? If the Bible is not literal, then there isn't just one non-literal interpretation, there are many. Suppose we have the statement "Joe walked from point A to point B. A literal interpretation would be "Joe walked from point A to point B". But if it's not literal, then it could possibly mean a lot of things. Joe may have gone from point A to point B in a car, or a train, or a plane or a bus or a skateboard. Or Joe may have walked to point C. Or gone to point C in some way besides walking. Or Joe may not have moved. Or Joe may not exist. If you "go to God" without a literal Bible, and another theistic evolutionist goes to God without a literal Bible, and you disagree on the non literal subject, how do you determine who is right? If you're talking about "going to God" through science, how come more scientists aren't theistic evolutionists?    Because they are questions.   Questions for non-theists.    Yep. That's because the framers deliberately wrote a flexible document that would be general and not particular. When the particulars change, the document can cover them. When the framers talked about regulating "interstate commerce" they were thinking of wagons and boats. They had no idea of the internet. But they did not intend for Congress to be limited to regulating horse-drawn wagons and boats; they wanted Congress to be able to regulate internet commerce too.  Just so, the framers had no idea that atheism was a rational faith. All the data they had said that atheism was irrational and could, therefore, be disregarded. But, if the situation changed, the framers didn't want theism pushed as a state religion.   So atheists believe the situation has changed, and its time to spend taxpayer money to erase the references to God that have existed in the public square for 200 years. Why are theistic evolutionists so anxious to help them?     The log in your eye makes it difficult for you to see.  No logs, just your posts.
That false literal interpretation of the Bible. Remember, when extrabiblical evidence shows a literal interpretation of flat earth, immovable earth passages, and Luke 2:1 to be wrong, creationists modify the interpretation.   It's not extrabiblical evidence, its an atheist worldview. Let's look at Luke 2:1;  King James And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed.   NIV In those days Caesar Augustus issued a decree that a census should be taken of the entire Roman world.   Is the absence of the word "Roman" in the King James enough to make it false? Atheists, desperate to find anything wrong with the Bible that they can, think so. So do theistic evolutionists, apparantly.   The earth "moves" but it's still immovable by man. Common sense tells us that's what it meant. But of course if you believe it's wrong because the earth does actually move, then you can throw out the assertion that it's immovable by man, and allow Al Gore to convince you that he can control its temperature, if he's given enough political power. See how Biblical non-literalism can quickly change political views?    But they are inconsistent and won't modify the interpretation of Genesis 1-8. Jesus had words for people like that: hypocrites and Pharisees.  Jesus discussed modifying the words of the Bible?   Quote: What you are not doing, Marc, is distinguishing beliefs about God from beliefs about social justice, morality, economics, politics, etc.    Because beliefs about God directly relate to beliefs about those things.    How so? You made a flat assertion. Now please explain and document it.   In social justice, morality, economics, and politics, the message of the Ten Commandments is very often what divides opinions. Personal behavior, God in the Public square, redistribution of wealth, abortion, etc. Why do theistic evolutionists side with atheists on these things? Are the 10 commandments as wrong as the Genesis creation story?   Jefferson thought "rights" came from God. That's how he justified them. However, rights can be justified without the use of God.  Thank you - another example. Atheists agree with you / most creationists do not.    "Deterrant" is not good enough. What you are referring to is "self-defense". But, in order to do that, the opponent has to present a direct threat to either you or someone else. Hussein did not do that.   Thank you - another example. Atheists agree with you / most creationists do not.    LOL! If we turn Iraq into a stable democracy, it will be a Muslim victory because nearly all Iraqis are Muslims! No, what we don't want is a victory for Al-Queda. Not the same thing at all as "Muslim". Al-Queda are terrorists who just happen to be Muslim. We don't care about the Muslim part; we care about the terrorist.   You are absolutely right about that. I used the wrong word. I sometimes tend to confuse the two terms "Muslim" and "terrorist".    Nope, because "Terrorism" is not that big a threat. Yes, they can kill people, but they can't threaten the country. They can't conqeuor us or change our form of government. No, the enemy there is the people who panic over terrrorism and, in their own personal cowardice fear of being killed, destroy America.  Thank you - another example. Atheists agree with you / most creationists do not.
1. My conclusion that "creationists deny God" came from the Bible and Christianity. Evolution had nothing to do with it.   Your non-literal interpretation of the Bible. Either Joe walked from point A to point B, (literal)or Joe did not walk from point A to point B. (non literal) No fuzzy middle ground, no room for human error?   2. I've never seen an atheist claim that "creationists deny God". Please quote one that has. Instead, atheists claim that the Bible is mythology and has no truth in it. I never said that nor do I agree with it.   When it comes to blasting creationists, there are more similarities than differences among atheists and theistic evolutionists.    You haven't faced up to the questions: Who created? What was created? Who put the data there that science finds?  Where did this outburst come from? The God who gives us free will about whether we choose to love him and accept his free gift or not.    No, evolution is not a belief. It's a scientific theory. And scientists do not analyze "behind closed doors". In fact, just what you speculate has been in the press in recent weeks -- which is where you got it. It is being hypothesized that religion is a product of the evolution of the human brain. I find the hypothesis unconvincing because it addresses only the sociology of religion, not the underlying question of the existence of God. Also, it ignores the hypotheses: 1) that the sociology started because a real, objectively existent God communicated with humans and 2) having a brain module capable of communicating with an objectively existent God has selection advantages and could/would evolve.   I'll be watching for a new thread soon, which has you and the atheists here insulting each other about this subject. :p     No, they don't. They have God operating only in the absence of material processes. Creationism is god-of-the-gaps theology.   The Bible has many references to a God who is involved in all minute details of individual human life. You seem to assign things to creationists that aren't really there. Just like atheists do.    In fact, since creationists reject evolution as a possible means that God created, they actually say that material processes exclude God. In that regard, they are exactly like atheists.   Who told you that creationists reject all evolution, or that they say material processes exclude God? Militant atheists, right? And you believe them?    And this just shows that creationists are worshipping a book. Their god -- a literal Genesis -- is threatened.   Only in your imagination - true, observable science is fully compatable with Biblical Christianity.     But creationists accept extrabiblical evidence over Biblical claims. For instance, no creationist says that the whole world was enrolled as it says in Luke 2:1. Where in the Bible would they get the idea that not everyone was enrolled? No, they used extrabiblical evidence to know that Japanese, Inuits, and Zulus were not enrolled. But all of that contradicts Luke 2:1.   The Japanese, Inuits, and Zulus may not have existed at that time. I suppose atheists claim they have scientific proof that they existed billions of years before Luke 2:1 was written, and you would believe them of course.   Give me the "warnings" and we'll see if they are as plain as you say. :)   Colossians 2:8; See to it that no one takes you captive through hollow and deceptive philosophy, which depends on human traditon, and the basic principles of this world rather than on Christ.   You don't think there's any chance that that applies, when you and atheists are in lockstep concerning the origin of rights, the threat of terrorism, the importance of the Ten Commandments?     I left it out because it wasn't relevant. So walk me thru the "huge difference"   The huge difference is between systems and processes we can observe now, and speculations and assumptions about what happened before recorded history.     Yes and no. Both are statements about the physical universe. That is what a theory/hypothesis is. Now, theories/hypotheses come in 3 subgroups: 1. Untested. 2. Supported. 3. Falsified.  Sonic imaging, amniocentesis, and abiogenesis are strongly supported theories. Not just "supported", but strongly supported. The first 2 are so strongly supported that they are regarded as (provisionally) fact. I think abiogenesis is in that same category, but many disagree with me. The new hypotheses on religion being a product only of the brain are mostly untested.  You think so - atheists think so - many creationists disagree with you. The pattern continues.     Some militant atheists are trying to make the religious brain quirks sound more supported than it is. Since we don't have Miller's comments on those theories, you can't honestly say "Miller doesn't seem to mind". That's false witness. Miller, and I, do not object to strongly supported theories like evolution, quantum mechanics, natural selection, etc. There's no point. God has spoken and it's hopeless to argue with Him.   Richard Dawkins didn't find it too hopeless - he believes in evolution, quantum mechanics, natural selection, etc. and wrote a best selling book called "The Blind Watchmaker" (No God) He did a pretty good job of arguing with him, didn't he?   Those are Christian proclamations. And yes, I have backed them up. You simply have ignored what I've said.   It's not common for Christians to make the Bible secondary to science.     So name some. Name the Biblical verses. I can name a few of my own: Elaine Pagels, Rev. Gregory Neal. Also, go look at Job. Satan isn't God's adversary there. He's God's betting buddy. He is an "adversary", but in Hebrew that means he's the prosecuting attorney for humans. He's working on God's side and on God's behalf.   God's "betting buddy". What a theologian you are.    You just confused two terms: creation and creationism. Theistic evolution is on the side of creation.   Yes, a natural creation where he can easily be taken or left.    Where did you get the idea that theistic evolution was supposed to be "halfway" between creationism and atheism? That's absurd.   Any specific position that would show at least some comparable disagreement with atheism, as it has with "creationism". Evolution seems much more important to theistic evolutionists than eternal salvation.     "But you cannot believe in a god of a literal inerrant Bible and accept evolution. However, as a Christian I don't have any problem with that.   Neither do atheists.   After all, if your god is a literal inerrant Bible you are worshipping a false idol. "  I've never heard of a book, a collection of words, to be an "idol". Is Millers' book your idle? The "Origin of Species"?   Read what I wrote. Marc, seriously, this discussion goes better if your reading comprehension is up to standard. I never said "the Bible is a false idol". Instead, I said a literal inerrant Bible . The Bible is not God. "literal inerrant" refers to a human way to read the Bible. It's not the way the Bible is meant to be read, as told us by Jesus, Paul, and God.   Chapters and verses? Or did they tell us that by screwing up something, like Luke 2:1?   I was referring to Genesis 1-3. If I take it literally, Genesis 1 contradicts with Genesis 2-3. So, the text itself tells us that a literal interpretation is not correct. Truth cannot contradict truth (that's a basic Christian doctrine).   That they contradict is an atheist claim. Assumptions have to be made concerning the meanings of words like "now" and "then". Atheists make those assumptions. Why do theistic evolutionists make the same assumptions?     First, you skipped the point! I said "Sorry, a literal interpretation of the Bible is not "God's word". That you think so shows how much you do not worship God." A literal interpreation is just a human idea.   But a non literal interpretation is above "just a human idea", when science is included, complete with assumptions and speculations of atheists?  Second, theistic evolutionists DON'T do the same things on Sunday mornings that atheists do. They go to church. If you are Rev. McCosh, you LEAD worship services. Atheists never do that.   If they go to non theistic evolution churches, I guess they have to do some pretty careful screening, and stay home if the sermon is about the book of Genesis, or any of Jesus' references to the book of Genesis.   Second, why do you think theistic evolution needs its own denomination? There are no applications of theistic evolution in everyday life. Believing God used the processes discovered by science says nothing about whether we are saved by grace alone or whether we need works. It says nothing about whether you should say "trespasses" or "debts" in the Lord's prayer or what type of church governance you like.   Different Protestant denominations have different ideas about how often to take communion, how to baptize, how much beer we should drink through the week, etc. They're all in pretty basic agreement on the historical content of the Bible, as it relates to the nature of God, how the Bible is taught, how to find and know God, the basis of Jesus work of redemption, etc. It's all completely different for theistic evolution. In theistic evolution, Jesus dies a literal death for a non literal original sin. Don't theistic evolutionists get up and walk out of Protestant churches quite often?    You didn't quote the whole sentence! "Fundies believe like atheists: if there are material causes, then God is absent."  You never bothered to deny the truth of that. You can't. After all, you think that evolution means God is absent. Yet that is just what atheists think! I can see why you want to try to distract the issue from the similarity of creationism and atheism, but you can't hide or run from it.   It's easy to "run" from, because it only exists in your mind - atheists have convinced you. The Bible says that all natural processes are guided by God. You should go to someone besides atheists for your information about creationists sometimes.    BTW, I don't need to use "Fundies" as derogatory term -- Fundamentalists is just as derogatory. "Fundie" just happens to be shorter. The atheist equivalent of Fundies are "militant atheists".   I agree, but "militant athies" would be more fun.     Evolution and abiogenesis don't have God in them, do they? According to you, that is. You don't allow God to create by "natural" processes, do you?  Not when those natural processes involve assumptions and speculation, and distort the Bible beyond recognition.     No, we can't. The universe is what it IS, not what Miller and I want it to be. We find out what the universe really is. Which means we are finding out how God really created, not trying to tell God how He created, like creationists do. And if Miller and I are wrong, God (the physical universe) will tell us. Who tells you that your literal interpretation of the Bible is wrong? Well, God in the text and God in creation, but you don't listen to God.   That may be our main difference, your god is the physical universe of Richard Dawkins, mine is the Judeo Christian God of the Bible. Yet both of our Gods claim the same son of the New Testament. emoticon_confused     John Calvin. Major Christian theologian, contemporary of Martin Luther, one of the founders of Protestantism in general and the Reformed Tradition in particular. Are you that ignorant of Christian theology and history that you don't recognize the name Calvin? Guess so. Even more evidence that you are not a Christian.   Well that's the beauty of Christianity. Christians aren't ranked according to how much they know about human history. I've never claimed to be an expert on Christian history. It's not required for salvation. If you think it is, that's even more evidence that you are not a Christian.     1. Yes, because whatever our personal beliefs, we still have to test our ideas against God's Creation. God doesn't care about our personal beliefs. He is Truth.   If you think God is the physical universe, you're right. But if you're a Christian that knows who God actually is, as told by Matthew, Isaiah, Jeremiah, etc. you know that he cares deeply about our personal beliefs.  2. The "basic" way of reading the Bible is NOT your way. You don't even use the "basic way" most of the time.   I use the way described by Jesus, the Prophets and the Apostles.   3. How does it make sin meaningless. Actually, evolution explains sin and why we all sin. Sin is an inevitable by-product of how God created us. Genesis 2-3 explained sin in theological terms. Evolution gives the biological basis and why all humans sin.   Was that in the Blind Watchmaker book? emoticon_confused   I have to go now. I'll do the rest some other time. This is probably enough to set you frothing at the mouth as it is. Don't want to give you a coronary.  Oh no, not at all, you seem to represent theistic evolution very well - your substance / personal insult ratio is very acceptable. Out of time tonight myself, but I want to get into your next post about Millers book soon. I'll probably forget about you if someone takes me up on the formal debate though. I think it will happen eventually, and it will be good. A 50% chance I'll win, and a 100% chance I'll make my points.
The chapter is entitled "Beyond Materialism". You have not read the book, because you are ignoring the context and the argument. Let's go back to page 191, the end of the last chapter. Miller is talking about Lewontin's famous Lewontin quote "To appeal to an omnipotent deity is to allow that at any moment the regularities of nature may be ruptured, that miracles may happen." As I said, Lewontin was being sarcastic in that quote and criticizing Sagan's philosophical materialism. But Miller decides to take it seriously.   He sure did, he said "exactly true" right after it. I don't see where you're getting sarcasm from Lewontin's quote, and where you see a criticism of Sagan, since nothing about Sagan was being addressed there. Miller took it so seriously that he said it was exactly true, but if he were an actual Christian he may have said "exactly false". Christians know that miracles that happen "at any moment" aren't to be dealt with untill they actaully happen. Untill then, Christians figure that God's plan of allowing free will is taking place in this day and age. The "appeal to an omnipotent deity" concerns miricles of the past - regularities of nature being ruptured in the past, before science was there to observe it.   "But Lewontin has misssed something, something important. What if the regularities of nature were fashioned in a way that they themselves allowed for the divine? What if the logical connections he makes between materialism and atheism are flawed? What if the very foundations that sem to lock evolution and religion into conflict were built upon suspect ground? In other words, what if the gods of disbelief were false?"   And what if Miller quit siding politically with atheists who constantly use the courts to block different types of scientific exploration that could very well shed some light on these "what ifs", scientific exploration like ID?  The next 2 chapters is where Miller answers those questions on the side of theism.  Now, after the Sagan quote on page 94, you need to read the context of the rest of the chapter. Miller goes on to describe classical physics and the implications of that   "Science has shown that material mechanisms, not spirits, were behind the reality of nature. ... Could there be anything left for God to do?"  Miller spends the rest of the chapter showing "yes, there is". He describes classical physics and the implications for deism. He then describes quantum mechanics and spends a lot of time showing its implications for theism.  pg 201 "there is a pattern to these uncertainties [at the quantum level], and those patterns account for the fact that the universe seems pretty orderly to us. Although we cannot predict the outcomes of individual events with any certainty, the overall outcomes of thousands of such events fall into very predictable patterns."  But what you really want is on page 213: "Committed atheists like Richard Dawkins would attack with ridicule any suggestion that room for the work of a Deity can be found in the physical nature of reality. But Dawkins' personal skepticism no more disproves the existence of God than the creationists' incredulity is an argument against evolution. What matters is the straightforward, factuazl, strictly scientific recognition that matter in the universe behaves in such a way that we can never achieve complete knowledge of any fragment of it, and life itself is structured in a way that allows biological history to pivot directly on these tiny uncertainties. That ought to allow even the most critical scientist to admit that the breaks in causality at the atomic level make it fundamentally impossible to exclude the idea that what we have really caught a glimpse of might indeed reflect the mind of God."   Then Miller and Dawkins have a huge difference in philosophy. Why do we see far more winking and nodding going on between them than we do disagreement, as in Miller vs. Dembski, or Miller vs. Morris? Because the science is the same? (I know you're saying YES!!!!!!!) But is the philosophy the same? The politics?    Miller , on pp 214-215, is talking about you, Marc:  "Ironically, anti-evolutionists, just like the extreme materialists, seem to work in an intellectual world uninformed by modern physics. To their way of thinking, scientific materialism necessarily implies a complete, causal, mechanistic description of natural reality. They have seen the profound success of biology in providing material explanations for the nature of life, and they are worried. ...  Yes - worried how atheists use the "profound success of biology" as a weapon against the political foundation of the U.S. while masking and ignoring the profound failure of biology to explain the origin of life.    "see each new materialist, scientific explanation for a natural phenomenon as a retreat for the primacy of God. ... In this respect, they are the unlikely and unwitting allies of vigorous atheists like Dawkins, Provine, and Lewontin who would agree enthusiastically that a complete success for materialistic science condemns any search for God to ultimate failure."  Miller doesn't agree with you and Dawkins, Marc.   "He doesn't agree" with us equally either. Dawkins and I take firm positions, his fuzzy middle ground likes Dawkins a lot better than it likes those who represent creationism.   You can see why and how in the section "A Science of Belief". Read it, Marc.   No such section, or chapter in the book. Are you talking about chapter 6, "The gods of disbelief"? What it says is fairly typical of the entire book, he quotes statements by Dawkins, Provine, etc. that declare science proves there is no God, then says "statements like these can provoke powerful reactions" (page 172) from the likes of Dembski and Morris. He then goes into detailed attacks on Dembski and Morris, and forgets all about Dawkins and Provine!!  In the chapter "The gods of disbelief", please start with the quote above quote and go through most of page 173. I won't quote it all, but to summarize, Miller informally noticed Morris at breakfast the morning after the two of them had a public debate the night before, and Miller wanted to gloat about the "victory" he achieved in front of a scientific audience, an audience with a desire for Miller to win of course. He actually quoted much of what Morris said at this little breakfast, including "you don't realize what's at stake.....scientific data aren't the ultimate authority.  Millers feeling were undoubtedly injured, because he then had this to say to the readers of his book;  ...Nontheless, however one might admire Morris's strength of character, convictions that allow science to be bent beyond recognition are not merely unjustified - they are dangerous in the intellectual and even in the moral sense, because they corrupt and compromise the integrity of human reason.  My impromptu breakfast with Henry Morris taught me an important lesson - the appeal of creationism is emotional, not scientific. I might be able to lay out graphs and charts and diagrams, to cite laboratory experiments and field observations, to describe the details of one evolutionary sequence after another, but to the true believers of creationism, these would all be sound and fury, signifying nothing. The truth would always be somewhere else.   Now let's change a few words around and see what we get;  Nontheless, however one might admire Miller's strength of character, convictions that allow the BIBLE to be bent beyond recongnition are not merely unjustified, they are dangerous in the intellectual and even in the moral sense, because they compromise the integrity of human reason.  This impromptu breakfast with Miller teaches us all an important lesson - the appeal of naturalistic evolution is emotional, not scientific. I might be able to lay out charts and graphs and diagrams, citing a reasonable combination of science, history, math, and other subjects, but to true believers of Godless evolution, these would all be sound and fury, signifying nothing. The truth would always be somewhere else.   If you don't think the promotion of evolution is emotional, please read post #130 of this thread.    And then read chapter 8 "The Road Back Home". Try the first paragraph on page 243.   Here it is;   By any reasonable analysis, evolution does nothing to distance or to weaken the power of God. We already know that we live in a world of natural causes, explicable by the workings of natural law. All that evolution does is to extend the workings of these natural laws to the novelty of life and to it's changes over time. A God who presides over an evolutionary process is not an impotent, passive observer. Rather, He is one whose genius fashioned a fruitful world in which the process of continuing creation is woven into the fabric of matter itself. He retains the freedom to act, to reveal Himself to His creatures, to inspire, and to teach. He is the master of chance and time, whose actions, both powerful and subtle, respect the independence of His creation and give human beings the genuine freedom to accept or to reject His love.   "To inspire, and to teach". Again, Collossians 2:8;  See to it that no one takes you captive through hollow and deceptive philosophy which depends on human tradition and the basic principles of this world rather than on Christ.   Dawkins, Provine, and many others use evolution as a weapon, to sway human beings to reject Gods love. Philosophical evolution is a principle of this world. It doesn't "distance or weaken the power of God", but Christians consider atheists use of it to be hollow and deceptive. Why don't theistic evolutionists?   You seem concerned that Sagan did not mention ES cell research, abortion, and other unnamed things. First, while mouse ES cells were isolated in 1970, it was not until 1998 that human ES cells were isolated and cultured. So there was no ES cell "debate" when Sagan wrote Demon Haunted Woodland. Nor is there any uncertainty in how to isolate and culture ES cells.  The abortion issue is not a scientific one. Yes, abortions are doable and safe. Pregnancies can be safely (for the mother) terminated at any stage. But I see no reason for Sagan to mention that. Sagan was talking about treatments and diagnostic techniques. There are thousands of them, all as reliable as amniocentesis and the ones Sagan mentioned. He couldn't list them all.    But you DO twist the Bible to suit yourself. That's what we've seen in all your posts. You admit it was written over a 1400 year period, but you never consider what it meant to the people at the time a particular book was written.   What was different about those people? They had two arms, two legs etc. just like we do. They loved, hated, made war, had the same 10 commandments to consider as we do, on and on. The only difference between them and us is that we have more gadgets - a higher standard of living. We've ~evolved~ , and it all involved purpose and intelligent design, didn't it?  All you are concerned about is what you want the Bible to mean, not what it actually means.   If I take it "literally" I'm twisting it, and since you don't take it literally, allowing for a practically endless interpretation controversy, you know exactly what it means? I take it you toss out Collossians 2:8 along with most of Genesis, yet still insist that what you want the Bible to mean is not an issue?   Since you don't think God talks to you, yes, you do set the Bible up as your false idol and worship it. You can't stand any possibility that it's not 100% accurate.    You were labeling some primary causes as secondary causes, i.e, the formation of the universe. You were also saying that God zapping the first cell was a secondary cause. The term "secondary cause" refers to the material causes.   Atheists don't believe material causes are "secondary causes" because they don't believe there is a deity to use material causes. For theists, the material causes discovered by science are the secondary causes God used to create. Does that clear up the confusion for you?   Not really - I'm still wondering what percentage of "The Blind Watchmaker" theistic evolutionists believe. 90%? 95%?     Fighting creationists is helping theism. Creationism is the most destructive idea to hit Christianity since the Manichean and Gnostic heresies -- and creationism invokes both of those!   Do you believe that creationists are not saved by Christ's redeeming work?   If not, then how can you go to church with them, without starting your own denomination? If so, then how is creationism a "destructive idea"?   Yes, I think the US government does have remnants of an unintentional, but still unfair establishment of theism as a religion.   If it's "unfair", it should be unestablished??? HOW DOES THAT HELP THEISM??    God speaks thru His Creation. Christianity has always held that God has "two books".   Who said that?   One is Creation. So what if atheists proclaim evolution shows God does not exist? Does that make them right? NO! They are not right about that. Anymore than creationists are right that God created by creationism.  Yet there is such a difference between the way theistic evolutions oppose atheists, and creationists. I wonder if Miller ever had lunch with Dawkins? Didn't say in his book.    Sorry, but the data from scientific studies disproves that. Witham and Larson's survey was half from biological fields and they got 40% of all scientists are theists -- by a very conservative definition. That is not possible if 90% of biologists are atheists.  Also, Gould is adamant that at least 50% of evolutionary biologists are theists. The "consensus" is by atheists trying to cook the data. Why do you believe them?   The numbers conflict badly concerning the beliefs of scientists. Data is cooked by both sides I would guess. I'd also guess that a lot of data is cooked concerning evolution. The problem is, atheists use their data to politically oppose creationists, while theistic evolutionists use different data to politically oppose creationists. It's done in other ways as well - your insistance that atheism is a faith works well for your arguement that politically opposes creationism, but it doesn't go over well with most atheists. When it's a political issue concerning the first amendment to oppose creationists, they insist that theirs is not a faith, so the first amendment doesn't apply to what they want to do. Theistic evolutionists seem to always be very silent on those issues.     Nearly all of The Blind Watchmaker discusses the reality and mechanism of evolution. Dawkins references to religion amount to about 5 sentences in the book. Evolution is a fascinating topic, which is why the book sold so well.  And no, the popularity of the book has nothing to do with Johnson being right or wrong. Johnson wasn't denying that Dawkins was correct about the effect of evolution on atheism. Dawkins is correct on that. Evolution by natural selection made atheism, for the first time, a rational faith. But it by no means makes it obligatory to be an atheist. That is also correct.   So in an entire book that promotes atheism, there are 5 sentences of difference between atheism and theistic evolution? Evolution is fascinating because of its social and political implications, not its biological details. If not, our universities would be far more overloaded with biology students than they are.     Gould wasn't discussing politics. Here, let me give you the sentence you apparently can't read for yourself:  "Either half my colleagues are enormously stupid, or else the science of Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs" The data show that evolution is not atheistic but is compatible with theism.   Often, the best way to do tricky things in politics is not to discuss politics. That one is often tossed out by atheists, as well as theistic evolutionists. "Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs". As long as we keep "conventional religious beliefs" in their proper place, right? Keep them in our own personal world and OUT of politics?    Why aren't you chuckling? Don't you find it amusing that such a militant atheist who claims evolution absolutely excludes God can write of a method where God can influence evolution and not be detected?   It's not amusing to me because if he's not detected, he's not considered.   Oh, that's right. It destroys your vision of Dawkins as the devil and totally against religion.   Not hardly. Dawkins is okay with religion as long as it can exist out of the realm of truth, so he can continue to make fun of it.     It's page 252, in the middle of the page. I just re-checked. I think you made a mistake in looking at page numbers. Before you try to get too self-righteous, you might remember the parable on dust motes, logs, and eyes.  I never claimed Miller made a "detailed description of "primary" and "secondary" causes". You are making a strawman. I simply claimed that Miller discussed what are, in other terms, secondary causes.   Well okay, I did find those 5 words on page 252. I guess I missed them the first time because I was looking for something to distinguish between primary and secondary causes. You said the phrase "God would use material processes" was a "clear indication" of secondary causes. I don't think it's all that clear. Why did he use other terms?     1. Miller didn't say that what you said. Miller said ""The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves." Now, Bible scholars can embrace evolution. And those who deny evolution can still give God "credit and power", but not what "He truly deserves". IOW, creationists fall short of giving God the appropriate credit.  2. You and Biblical literalists are not "Bible scholars".   I don't claim to be a Bible scholar, but it seems to me that someone who doesn't take the Bible literally wouldn't be a very good judge about who is, and who is not, a Bible scholar.    1. I made a typo mistake on the page number.  So I don't have a complete monopoly on dust motes, logs and planks and all that? :)     2. Because Dawkins and Miller have different evidence. Part of that is evidence within science. As Miller shows, Dawkins is not considering the effect of quantum mechanics. He is basing his argument on science and God on the deterministic view of the 19th century. But the major part of the difference in evidence is evidence from outside science. The real evidence for theism does not come from science. It's rooted in personal experience that lies outside science. Miller (and I) trust the personal experience of the people in the Bible. Not a literal reading, but the general and essential claims: God spoke to Moses and engineered the Exodus, God communicated with David, Solomon, and helped Israel, Jesus lived, died, and was Resurrected, Paul had a genuine experience on the road to Damascus, etc. Miller may also have personal experience of God; he doesn't say so outright because it is not appropriate to this book.   Dawkins doesn't have personal experience of God and Dawkins doesn't accept the accounts of other people, including those in the Bible.  I don't think I'm wrong about your not reading the book. I think you skimmed the book to find passages that supported your preconceived viewpoint. You supported my theory when you said "And this one from the same page, if you wouldn't have quoted it, I sure would have". If you'd known about the quote, you would have used it. I don't think you found it until I made you read the page searching for the quote I posted.   No, I was just waiting for an opportune time to use it - I had it underlined from when I read the book. You seem to be assuming that because I don't have a sharp new knowledge of science that I haven't read it. I did discover that it's a science book, but I'm not all that interested in detailed science. I read it to see what it said about " a scientists search for common ground between God and evolution" as it says in bold letters on the cover. I didn't see any detailed searches for God, except a claim that God is a personal matter, not to be considered by science and subsequently, politics.   Lucaspa: "How? How can the human do anything about God?"  [marc9000]By convincing millions of readers that he doesn't exist - that a "Blind Watchmaker" is responsible for our existance."   ROFL! And that is going to make a difference "about" God? You really think God is going to disappear if a few millions of readers decide not to believe in Him? Do you think He will stop loving people as much? All I can say is that your god is very trivial. I'm so very glad that God is not like that at all.  It is going to make a difference TO God. He is very grieved that atheists and theistic evolutionists are causing people to turn away from him. If you think he's not, you don't know him too well.     How do you know? But even so, that isn't saying Augustine is wrong, is it? So, your comment is irrelevant. Besides, you haven't read Augustine, have you? This is just an excuse not to look up something that shows your arguments to be wrong. :)   So you don't know the difference between Inspired Holy Scripture and other writings? Why am I not surprised?    Please, read all my response before you start to post. As you found out, Dawkins and company are "taken to task"   Where did I find that out? Not in Millers book, that's for sure.    What specifically of Horowitz do you want me to read? I haven't encountered these "thousands and thousands" in my 30 years in university science departments. Or at meetings. The overwhelming majority of scientists keep their personal beliefs to themselves.   http://www.townhall.com/columnists/PaulWeyrich/2006/03/09/the_professors_the_101_most_dangerous_academics_in_america   1. The scientists have no control whether their comments make it to the NY Times frontpage. By this complaint you admit that your idea is falsified. BTW, part of Scott's "taking to task" was published in the scientifically prestigious "New York Academy of Science" journal  2. You need to document that evolution is being taught as atheism in public schools. This is a continual complaint by creartionists but, despite my repeated requests, not one can document a case.  And yes, Eugenie Scott's complaint did change how evolution was defined by the BSC for public school science teachers.   " In late 1995, the National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT) issued a statement to its members and the public concerning the importance of evolution to biology teaching. Part of the statement defined evolution:  The diversity of life on earth is the result of evolution: an unsupervised, impersonal, unpredictable and natural process of temporal descent with genetic modification that is affected by natural selection, chance, historical contingencies and changing environments.  Shortly after this statement appeared, I began to see letters to the editor from around the country decrying the "atheism" of the NABT. Anti-evolutionists like Phillip Johnson included broadsides against NABT in their writings. As one Christian said to me, defining evolution as "unsupervised" and "impersonal" implied to many Americans that "God had nothing to do with it and life has no meaning." Reflecting these public concerns, two distinguished theologians, Cornell's Huston Smith and Notre Dame's Alvin Plantinga, wrote a polite letter to NABT's board of directors, asking it to delete the two words "unsupervised" and "impersonal".They specifically noted that the use of the two words "has two unfortunate and unin tended consequences. It gives aid and comfort to extremists in the religious right for whom it provides a legitimate target. And because of its logical vulnerability; it lowers Americans' respect for scientists and their place in our culture." When the NABT's board convened at its annual meeting in Minneapolis in October 1997, members' initial reaction was that creationists were trying to get them to change the statement, and they weren't about to knuckle under to that sort of pressure. They voted at the end of a 9-hour meeting, after only a brief discussion, not to change the statement. Why is this story relevant to my receiving this award? You may be surprised to hear that after I arrived at the NABT meeting, I encouraged the board to do as the theologians asked and drop "unsupervised" and "impersonal". I'm pleased to say that the board did discuss the issue at greater length and ultimately altered the statement by dropping the two words."   Do you think this was a good thing? Would it have happened if those crazed creationists like Phillip Johnson hadn't complained?     Both Miller and Dawkins agree that creationism is a threat to science. So do all scientists, of whatever worldview. Miller's beliefs are certainly not a threat to science. Atheism, per se, is also not a threat to science. However, Dawkins' attempts to get science to "prove" his belief is true is a threat to science.   We need separation of Dawkins and state then, don't we?    The "detail" you were initially referring to was "secondary causes" and science being compatible and supporting theism. That is done in detail in Chapters 7 and 8.   "The God of the Bible, even the God of Genesis, is a Deity fully consistent with what we know of the scientific reality of the modern world ... What we have learned from science explains, for the first time in human history, how God could have solved the the overpowering logical problems of His divine nature by creating for us a distinctive world of meaning and sustance." pg 258  "To some, the murderous reality of human nature is proof that God is absent or dead. The same reasoning would find God missing from the unpredictable fits and turns of an evolutionary tree. But the truth is deeper. In each case, a Deity determined to establish a world that was truly independent of His whims, a world in which intelligent creatures would face authentic choices between good and evil, would have to fashion a distinct, material reality and then let His creation run. Neither the self-sufficiency or nature nor the reality of evil in the world mean God is absent. To a religious person, both signify something quite different -- the strength of God's love and the reality of our freedom as His creatures." pg 269  You seem to be acknowledging that, because you are now introducing a new topic: whether Miller discusses sin. I don't see the relevance. Please walk me thru why you think this is critical.   SIN and its forgiveness is as central to Christianity as 'change' is to evolution.   Miller doesn't say the word "sin" as far as I can see, but he does talk about it indirectly when he talks about "grace".  "There is no scientific way to describe the spiritual concept of grace, which makes it less than real to an absolute materialist. To a believer, grace is as real as the presence of God Himself. Do Darwin's revelations -- the discoveries that locate the sources of human passions in survival mechanisms -- contradict the reality of grace? Not in the least. To a believer, grace is a gift from God that enables us to place our lives in their proper context -- not by denying our biological heritage, but by using it in His service." pg 280.   And its proper context is to declare it as truth, to be a valuable consideration in all human activity, while relegating God to an insignificant position. A ruling realm vs. a subordinate realm. A fact vs. value distinction to pacify the public, while reducing the value part to an insignificant position in public matters. Leaving worldview clashes to science to adjudicate. And watching our government grow.
I am starting this thread because I have asked this one question many times and I have never gotten a satisfying answer. In fact, the only answer I got was, "That strays to far from the topic of this thread." I intend to get an answer this time.  Here's the question: how can a benevolent, omnipotent god exist in a universe with so much unhappiness?
Here's the question: how can a benevolent, omnipotent god exist in a universe with so much unhappiness? Not a bad question, but why is it in the C/E forum?
Not a bad question, but why is it in the C/E forum? I want an answer from at least one of the two people I have asked it to: marc and supersport. I suppose I could ask it in the religion forum too, but that would be redundant. The question does involve the C part of this forum...
This is honestly a stupid question. What part of benevolent and omnipotent is a synonym of mercy?  I will point out the Riddle of Epicurus (300 bce)  Riddle of Epicurus:  Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able?  Then he is not omnipotent.   Is he able, but not willing?  Then he is malevolent.  Is he both able and willing?  Then whence cometh evil?  Is he neither able nor willing?  Then why call him God?
  Theists believe God exists because of the evidence. That evidence is the same evidence we have for anything else: personal experience. The Bible is simply some of that experience written down. But tens of millions of theists over the centuries have had personal experience that they are convinced is that of deity. This experience is not written in scripture.   You evidence is purely subjective then. How would i know that it is not old myths, and wishful thinking on your part?
What in the world says He isn't able?  The other cases above cover those potentials.  You are picking one set of conditions among many. Read the other possiblities too.
Where in my quote are the words "purely subjective"? I said personal experience. David Hume showed in the late 1700s that all evidence is personal experience: what we see, hear, touch, smell, taste and feel emotionally. No one since has contradicted him. Notice that 5 of those are what we call "objective". That is, what our 5 senses convey to us are experience of objects outside of ourselves.   Now, there is a subset of personal experience called "intersubjective". This is evidence that is essentially the same to anyone and everyone under approximately the same circumstances. It is this limited subset of personal experience that science confines itself to.  BUT, that does not mean personal experience is not valid. If the larger set was completely invalid, then the subset could not be valid.  Since you obviously lack your own personal experience of deity, you can't "know" that the personal experience is valid. Equally, you can't "know" that your lack of experience is not wishful thinking on your own part. After all, deity could be trying to communicate with you, but you dismiss it as "that bit of beef I had for dinner last night".  Why would we consider the experience of others of deity to be valid? Because people who have reported this experience are level-headed, skeptical, and completely trustworthy in other aspects of their lives. After all, Theodosius Dobzhansky is one of the founders of the Modern Synthesis. His scientific work is universally admired. Why would we think that he would apply any less critical thinking skills to his personal experiences? Thomas Aquinas is known for his writings on the logical arguments for the existence of God. Those writings are still admired today. Aquinas demonstrated skepticism and critical thinking (he found many of the logical flaws with the arguments). But after he had done all this, Aquinas reported that he had experienced contact with deity that blew all those arguments away. Are we to use special pleading and say Aquinas abandoned all the skepticism and critical thinking skills we had already seen him demonstrate?  This is not meant to convert you. And I'm not going to get into Apologetics here. Remain atheistic, by all means. Instead, I am simply pointing out that the "evidence" for the existence of God is not confined to the Bible nor the circular reasoning evidenced in Hi_Its_Me's signature. Hi_Its_Me has made a mistake about the basis of theism. I'm engaged in pointing out that mistake.  I'm engaged in discussing your idea of "purely subjective" because dismissing personal experience as valid evidence seriously undermines science.  "Where have we arrived at the end of seven chapters? Joseph Ford has said: 'More than most, [scientists] are content to live with unanswered questions.' (3). One of the questions science hasn't answered and may never be able to answer - let none of us assume otherwise - is whether there is a God. We have not been able to say that it requires double-think or other intellectual dishonesty to have great faith in science as we know it at the end of the twentieth century and also to believe in God - even a personal and intervening God.  But why should anyone think such a combination of faiths might be necessary, or indispensable on a quest for fundamental truth? There are two reasons for thinking it might be. One would be to have first-hand, experiential evidence of God which was personally convincing. The second is because to dismiss belief in God summarily is to pass premature and unwarranted judgement on the sanity, honesty, and intelligence of a vast number of our fellow human beings who claim to have such experiential evidence, many of them the same persons we do trust implicitly when it comes to other matters. It ill becomes any of us to take the attitude that all evidence for God is false evidence, beneath consideration, simply by virtue of its being evidence for God, or even by virtue of its being outside the purview of science. Such attitudes are taken, sometimes in the name of science, but in truth this sort of attitude is intellectual dishonesty. Our most reputable scientists, whatever sins of arrogance that may occasionally commit, do not really declare that what they don't know isn't knowledge or that what they haven't experienced isn't experience." Kitty Ferguson, The Fire in the Equations, pp. 281-282.    In other words, you had some experiances, but nothing that you could show anybody else.
You can't dismiss the evidence that way. A couple of years ago Serbian guards were being tried for extensive rape of women prisoners of war. There was nothing the women could show anyone else. They had their experiences of rape, but there was no intersubjective evidence to show for it. By the time the charges were brought, the bruises were all gone as was the rest of the physical evidence. We also know from past experiance many people have been raped.. and it been observed objectively.    Yes, I can. You see, when it comes to physical rape, that is a physical action, and it leaves forensic evidence behind. You can point to scares, you can point to other people seeing it. There is more to than 'he said, she said'.    If we apply your criteria that experiences that you can't show anyone else can't convince anyone, those women had no chance of justice. Fortunately for them, the criteria is flawed.  Or take another example: the stories of the paratroopers in Easy Company, 501st Parachute Infantry in Band of Brothers. For most of the actions, there is no evidence they can show anyone else. Should we not believe them when they tell us those experiences happened?     Poriest nonsense. YOu see, the stories about the paratroopers are something that can happen in the physical world, we can reproduce those experiances.  They might be extrodinary in some respects, but nothing that is outside of being reproduced by others. We also have records of their training, we can objectively observe their training. Their experiances are consistant with their job and their training.    You have already decided that you won't accept any of the testimony as valid. Why not? You can't say that it is because it is evidence of God. That would be circular reasoning and intellectually dishonest.    Your personal experiances is nothing that you can show me. In this case, you can not show me physical evidence that your experiances of 'God' are merely your interpretation of a state your brain went through. A young woman I know hears voices all the time. She attributes them to being spirits.  I attribute it to probable schitzophrenia. Just because she thinks she sees/hears the spirits, doesn't mean those spirits actually exist.    When you find the valid answer to that question, you will also find what I consider the only rational justification for atheism. But your dismissal of personal experience that can't be shown to anyone else is not it.  BTW, here is another example of personal experience that is really subjective. It all happens in the patients' minds. Nothing physical involved. Yet we believe it enough to make recommendations that sometimes foot amputation should be performed!  N Honkamp, A Amendola, S Hurwitz, CL Saltzman, Retrospective review of eighteen patients who underwent transtibial amputation for intractable pain. J. Bone Joint Surg. 83-A 1479-1483, Oct. 2001.  For that matter, we know that there are amputees that have phantom pain. We know the cause of that even. It is all in the way the brain reacts. I know  a person whose husband lost his foot. He feels phantom pain in the foot quite often. We know there isn't a foot there, but it is all in how his brain is intepreting the signals that do get to it.  Just because you have had an experiance that you interpret as being 'God' doesn't mean it is 'god'. Brain surgeons have managed to trigger out of body experiances, the feeling of alien abductions, stimulate long lost memories, and make people think someone who is not there is standing beside them when certain areas of the brain are stimulated. That is objective , repeatable experiments to show a lot of 'experiances' are just in the brain.  You can have your 'god' feelings, but you can't create a 'god' detector.
It did come down to "she said" and the guards denied. So, if personal experience is not valid evidence, then these particular women have no chance of justice. If you were the judge, they wouldn't. That's plain. If there really is no evidence at all other than the womens' word against the guards', and you have a legal system based on presumption of innocence, then that must indeed be the outcome. It may not be palatable, but that must be the case. Would you really propose an alternative system wherein any claim by one person of harm inflicted by another, without supporting evidence, must nonetheless result in conviction? Now, we "see" in dreams. So, it's obvious that the nerve impulses can be triggered by stimuli other than objective entities. The experiments that you describe are the same thing: artificial stimulation of the nerve impulses. I took the effort to get Persinga's work -- that is the one on sensed presence. If you look at the methodology closely, Persinga can stimulate sensed presence by very complex and artificial electromagnetic impulses. The problem is that you aren't going to encounter such impulses in nature. Therefore the experiments don't explain why people not in the experiments have the sensed presence. No, but they do demonstrate that no such presence need exist for the sensation to be experienced. That badly damages the evidential value of reports of such experiences.
I see neither of the people who the thread was aimed at bothered to respond, emoticon_xdonno again... Anyway, as I understand it the monotheist position is that the Univese was specificly created as some sort of designated battleground for good and evil. I find this to be an argument against monotheism as; 1) Extravagance in the extreme. 2) Assumes that good/evil are fundamental aspects of the universe, not subjective human viewpoints. 3) The result is supposed to be a forgone conclusion, which renders the entire argument meaningless, thus emphasising point 1.
Actually, no. All the jurists have to do is decide that the women are believable beyond a reasonable doubt. For that to be the case there would have to be some additional characteristic of the women, over and above their mere words, that rendered their testimony more believable than the guards'. This goes beyond the simple 'one word against another' scenario you originally set up: you have moved the goalposts. To move from the analogy back to the original issue, do you claim that those reporting experience of sensing the presence of a deity possess such a property, making their testimony more believable? It doesn't damage it at all. After all, in dreams no such object need to be in front of the eyes for sensation of sight to be experienced. That doesn't negate that the object actually does exist when a person sees it with open eyes. I'm surprised you invoke dreams as evidence for your side of the argument. Dreams are a classic demonstration that the brain can be persuaded, without extraordinary external intervention, of the reality of non-existent presences and events: exactly the position of those who are sceptical of 'religious experience'. ALL the experiments demonstrate is that there is a brain circuit for experiencing presences that are not physically there. Well, in order to detect presences that aren't there, there MUST be such a circuit. There is no such 'must'. It is entirely possible that such sensations are an epiphenomenon of some other brain activity; dreams themselves are considered by some workers to be such an epiphenomenon, arising as scraps of memory are sorted and deleted during REM sleep. And there is another question: why do we have such a circuit at all? Why hasn't evolution eliminated such a circuit as not useful and a waste of energy to make? Firstly, the 'circuit' need not have evolved for this function in the first instance: see above. More fundamentally, who says a religious sensibility is not evolutionarily advantageous? I for one am certain that survival of early human societies was aided enormously by the commonality of purpose and sense of control imposed by shared belief in supernatural forces. Of course, if the people are really communicating with deity, it is easy to find all kinds of selective advantage for that to our evolutionary ancestors. But the selective advantage is just as real even if the deity is not. It is the believing, and the sharing of belief, that imposes the advantage: it wasn't necessary for Quetzalcoatl to exist for Aztec society to reap the benefits of believing he did.
Anyways the way I like to put it in to perspective for non-christians is in the way another person said it:  1) If we believe in God and there is a God and afterlife after death then you made the right decsion  2) If we believe in God and there is not God after death and such then at least we lived our lives in a noble way following graceful morals.  3) If we do not believe in a God and there is a God after death then you face perishing in Hell and ultimately have your soul erased.  4) If we do not believe in a God and there is no God after death, there was no loss.   So in all those prospects its more "logical" to believe in God to avoid possible Hell and learning to come close to noble morals.  Anyways, you are in no position to lecture about logic. Your line of reasoning is Pascal's Wager, and there are lots of problems with it. An effective illustration is a parody: I am God. If you disbelieve that I am God, I will torture you forever. If you believe that I am God, you will live happily. Because you don't want to be tortured forever, I must be God.  Pascal's Wager has nothing to do with either truth or logic. Even Homer Simpson found a problem with it: What if we believe in the wrong one? Besides, Christianity's omnipotent God knows who is a True Christian and who believes only based on wishful thinking and cowardice, so why would He reward irrationality, shallowness, and cowardice? Further, who is to say that not believing in God is any less noble or rewarding than believing in God? In fact, who is to say that rather than there being "no loss" from correctly disbelieving in God, there is actually gain from being correct and not spending time, effort, and money on false beliefs?
[Right] up front I am a Christian... so:  1) The unhappiness and evil in the world is from Satan, and yes God allows Satan to create this sin and unhappiness and so forth because we would have no choice if he didn't. 1) So God created Satan? 2) Does being allowed to do evil things make the world a better place? Its all about freedom and choice, if we did not have bad events in our lives, and sin and unhappiness we would plainly have great lives with no problems and we would all be graceful and good, and so forth. We would be drones. With out both sides, happiness and unhappiness, good and evil, and so forth we would not have choice for our actions and decisions in our lives. So free will is good, right? Also, having free will means that we can do anything we want (be good, evil, etc.)? If you answered yes, consider that God (if he created the world as is) didn't allow people to do what they want. Consider that we cannot fly on our own, we can't travel faster than light, and God didn't create other planets for us to inhabit. We are limited by those things. God created us, and had prophets to teach the word of God in the Bible, but he never gave concrete proof or made it clear that there was a God so would come to him through Faith not Fact. If God was a Fact it would not be a decision, we have to believe and live our lives the best we can, but its not about being perfect, its about having the belief in God.  According to the bible, right? And you know that that is correct because it is the word of God? Anyways the way I like to put it in to perspective for non-christians is in the way another person said it:  1) If we believe in God and there is a God and afterlife after death then you made the right decsion  2) If we believe in God and there is not God after death and such then at least we lived our lives in a noble way following graceful morals.  3) If we do not believe in a God and there is a God after death then you face perishing in Hell and ultimately have your soul erased.  4) If we do not believe in a God and there is no God after death, there was no loss.   So in all those prospects its more "logical" to believe in God to avoid possible Hell and learning to come close to noble morals.   The cost of not believing a God and going to Hell is much higher, then believing in a God and living your life in a good way and not having a Heaven.  And the other aspect of it, is it, if you become close to God, you get comfort in him, you can console in him, tell him your problems, it gives you a sense of comfort and safety to know, no matter what happens in life, I am safe. Of course. Pascal's wager. It was not intended to be a reason to believe in a deity; rather, it was intended to show that the existance of a deity was worth considering.  However, since you present it as a reason for your faith, it is only fair to debunk your argument. Wikipedia says it better than I could, so go there and examine the refutations.   Finally, I would like to note, in response to #2, that being religious does not necessarily mean that a person does good things. For example, the 9/11 terrorist attacks were committed in the name of a religion. Granted, the majority of Muslims do not support that action, but it still shows that religions people are not necessarily good people.
Why would a benevolent, omnipotent God have to make you happy? Seems like a beg the question kinda post.Do you understand the meaning of benevolent? Why would a benevolent god inflict suffering?
So far the only proof of God's existence by lucaspa is: "trust me, I 'experienced' God therefore God exists"  There is incrdible suffering and pain in this world, and I can not conceive a God who is the embodyment of goodnes, compassion, love etc, to turn a blind eye to all the suffering going on on Earth. All this nonsense about 'free will' and God testing us, is just nonsensical attempts to reconcile the imaginary existence of God with the sad realities of our existence
So far the only proof of God's existence by lucaspa is: "trust me, I 'experienced' God therefore God exists"  There is incrdible suffering and pain in this world, and I can not conceive a God who is the embodyment of goodnes, compassion, love etc, to turn a blind eye to all the suffering going on on Earth. All this nonsense about 'free will' and God testing us, is just nonsensical attempts to reconcile the imaginary existence of God with the sad realities of our existence  Well, as the Christain Zealots say, "Eve ate the apple" :xbanghead.
Well, as the Christain Zealots say, "Eve ate the apple" :xbanghead. Oh, yes: they often say that sin and evil should exist because of free will, but they also condemn Eve for eating the apple. So, did Eve do the right thing?  Of course, I don't believe that there was an Eden as described in the bible, but that won't stop me from showing that it is inconsistant.
Do you understand the meaning of benevolent? Why would a benevolent god inflict suffering? [Why] does a parent allow their child to make a choice they know will hurt the child? If a god allowed people to make choices that could hurt them, he might be called benevolent if those choices taught the people a lesson. If a god were to cause pain and suffering, that would be different.
was does a parent allow their child to make a choice they know will hurt the child?Beats me. Why would a parent do that? I know I never did. I wouldn't even let my dog do that. And this is a loving god that you are telling us about?
So you actually know enough, you can see the beginning and end of time, you know what is inside each and every individual on the planet so much so that you can say God is wrong to do any given act?  How is this possible oh great and mighty oz?Oh, great! So now you are claiming that some Cro-Magnon knocked a rock from a cliff and caused a land slide that injured him. You also claim that god willed it because he learned and (after he recovered) taught mankind forever pulling out the bottom rock isn't good. Isn't it wonderful that every act is meaningful from the beginning of time to the end; past, present and future.  P.S. How's your reading coming? I hope you are enjoying and learning.
That itself is logically impossible. Please see the philosophy thread concerning good/evil. Logically good must exist and it must be defined outside of humans.  That does not say that humans can define good. They cannot.  if good and evil are only pertinent to humanity how can good be defined outside humanity?
So you actually know enough, you can see the beginning and end of time, you know what is inside each and every individual on the planet so much so that you can say God is wrong to do any given act?  How is this possible oh great and mighty oz? My personal answer would be that if god is truly omnipotent, he could eliminate many causes of unhappiness without causing suffering. As an example, take fatal familial insomnia. Why couldn't a god stop something like that?
My personal answer would be that if god is truly omnipotent, he could eliminate many causes of unhappiness without causing suffering. As an example, take fatal familial insomnia. Why couldn't a god stop something like that? I'm sure the response is that He could. But, y'know, God's a real XXX sometimes... (Besides, who do you think used His uber-complex biochemical engineering skills to create the prions responsible for FFI, anyway?)
god can exist in a world with so much unhappiness. unhappiness in the world does not preclude the existence of god. in fact, the argument can be made that happiness couldnt exist without the existence of unhappiness. similarly, there is a lot of happiness in the world. so if the existence of unhappiness in the world can be used to argue god's non-existence, then happiness in the world (which exists) is the simple counter argument I would argue that nothing worse than boredom is necessary to appreciate happiness. If a deity wanted to make people happy, he would not need to make them suffer throughout their life to be happy. Also, consider the garden of Eden. Did Adam and Eve need sadness to be happy in the story? from my above response, the eradication of unhappiness would inclusively eradicate happiness, since both are relative to each other. to me, if you look at it wholistically, it all balances out. theres extreme pleasure and extreme pain to be experienced. there are possibly just as many things that cause happiness as that cause unhappiness. neither makes a case for or against the existence of an omnipotent benevolent god So spending the last 6 or so months of one's life fighting insomnia is something a benevolent god would do to people? Will they have happiness to compare the experience to? Also, would you eliminate the disease if you could? Or would that make it harder to experience happiness? As to Hi-its-me:  Unkerpaulie gives a good explanation. The existence of happiness does imply the existence of unhappiness, just as the existence of good implies evil. Is all the suffering and death in the world necessary for people to be happy? Also, would you agree that some people are generally happier than others? Logically, if something exists, and it did not always exist, then it has an origin.  EF Relevance? How do you know the storm on jupiter has no effect on any other living being. How do you know what is happening everywhere all the time? The point is that "good" and "evil" are only relevant to people (and possibly to other conscious life). We label things a good or evil, and there is no real method for telling something's moral value except for its impact on people. Is gravity evil? Good and evil have meanings to humans. We do not define it (meaning that we are not the ones who determine what really is good or evil. We are able to discern it and should attempt to discern it. It is the difference between cause and discovery. We did not cause quarks to come into existence but we did discover them. The same with good and evil, we did not cause their existence (define) but we can discover that meaning. How that meaning is discovered is a topic of much debate.  EF So good and evil are clearly defined, scientific (or logical) terms? Why is it, then, that there are so many debates over morals? Could it be that people interpret them differently?
adam and eve are excellent examples. could adam and eve really truly experience happiness by being in the garden and doing what god tells them, eating fruits and naming animals? could they really know how good things were in the garden if there was no banishment to contrast it to? living forever and never feeling pain, sadness or sickness will quickly lead to discontentment and boredom. there is no joy in that scenario Actually, there is. Consider: do young, innocent children with no money issues or major health issues get bored of their situation? how would one recognize the feeling of good health if there were no illnesses? My point was that if they die of a disease, they do not get to compare the illness to good health. Is all the suffering and death in the world necessary for people to be happy? Also, would you agree that some people are generally happier than others? yes and yes, as explained above  if you disagree, please describe a possible scenario where happiness can be experienced in the absence of the existence of unhappiness I do not know of a situation without unhappiness, but if you look at my quote, you may notice that that is not the argument I am making. Is all the suffering and death in the world necessary for people to be happy? However, consider childhood for an example of a time with plenty of happiness and little unhappiness. Of course, God (if he exists) is denying many children that happiness.
in childhood, the happiness and unhappiness they can experience is largely limited because they are blissfully unaware of the existence of happiness and unhappiness compared to adults. because of this, a child's threshhold for happiness and unhappiness is very small. a brightly colored ball would make a child very happy, while taking away that same ball would make her unhappy. the dynamics of happiness and unhappines still work with children, but just on a much smaller scale. most children, when they begin to become aware of things, long to have the freedom and autonomy of adults, while adults see children as free of stress and responsibilities that they have. the trade-off is fairly equal. a child's verson of extreme unhappiness might be being in the dark alone for 2 minutes, and her version of extreme happiness might be a game of peek-a-boo. an adult's range might be from grief of a loved-one's death to sexual extasy. so who's experiencing more happiness or unhappiness? It took me too long to notice this: didn't you say that happiness is subjective? from my above response, the eradication of unhappiness would inclusively eradicate happiness, since both are relative to each other. Now: if happiness is relative, how do children experience "less" happiness than adults? They are quite happy (at least, I remember being happy), and they do not really need to be sad to be happy.  Also, getting back to the main point of this thread, couldn't an all-powerful deity create a universe which wouldn't require unhappiness for happiness to exist?
i said that happiness in relative. i also said that the limit of happiness you can experience is subjective to your knowledge and experience. ultimately, yes, happiness is subjective. Ok, so consider that many people do not get to experience as much happiness (agreeing with your definition) as young children do. People in overcrowded countries work very hard and have few rewards. In general, events that happen to them are much worse than events which happen to lucky children. before i get into this, i'm going to assume that we agree that happiness one feels is caused by beneficial occurences happening in one's life. if not, i'd like you to tell me what, in your definition, causes happiness. when an event happens to you, how do you determine whether its beneficial or not? Beneficial occurences, yes. It can also be measured to a degree by the number of endorphins released. More endorphins = more of the feeling called "happiness." The real question, I suppose, is: "if endorphins are constantly released, is a resistance built up?" If the answer is yes, that indicates that God could not make people happy all of the time, but that that situation is his fault (he created people, right?). If the answer is no, then God could make people happy constantly, but doesn't. (Required disclaimer: I do not intend to indicate that I accept the existance of a deity. I am simply exploring the possibility to look for conflicts.) can god create a universe which wouldnt require coldness for warmth to exist? can warmth exist if everything is the same temperature? Probably no. That said, I would like to point out that a minimum of temperature fluctuation needs to be experienced for one to feel "warm" in comparison to feeling "cold." Similarly, a state of happiness (defined as a comparative term) can be mantained with only short breaks.
actually, my point was that children have a smaller spectrum of happiness and unhappiness than adults, not that they are generally happy. babies cry just about as much as they laugh. toddlers feel scared and hurt just as much as they feel excited. small gestures to us could make them very happy, just as small issues can get them upset. generally, from an adult's perspective, it might seem as though children are happier, but i say thats not necessary the case   i suppose god could certainly overdose us with endorphines continuously, but will that change the effect that outside events have on our lives? the reason why i asked about your definition of the CAUSE of happiness is that when an event occurs, i wanted you to tell me how you determine if its good or bad. when an event occurs that affects our lives, we put it on a subjective good/bad scale. based on where it lands on the scale, this is what causes us to be happy or not. at least that's my analysis, do you disagree?   this is the nature of relativity. ot cannot exist unless its relative counterpart also exists.  lets look at the original question by going back to what god actually did: put adam and eve in a garden insulated from all bad events. they had food, comfortable surroundings and the presence of god. plus they had the companionship of each other and the responsibility to tend to the garden (whatever that entailed). would you say that adam and eve would have been continuously happy in such an environment? would they have been experiencing an perpetual endorphine high? This is getting slightly off-topic from the original topic of the thread, so I won't debate these point-by-point.  What I do want to bring up is the fact that some people are happier than others (using your definition involving "good" events). People in overcrowded countries have to work very hard to survive, while luckier people who probably don't have to work as hard can spend time making 3,874 posts on a debate forum. If an omnibenevolent, omnipotent God existed, he would be able to at least make the hard worker's lives as happy as the luckier people's. He would also be able to prevent things like the Great Depression and the Holocaust, right?
simply put, happiness is subjective and based on choice. this is because ANY event that occurs and affects one's life can be percieved as good or bad. a classic example is this one. how we percieve the event, and therefore how we assign it on the good/bad spectrum, ultimately determines how happy we are because of such an event. god cannot cause or remove happiness or unhappiness, its entirely up to the people themselves So God is powerless to do something that people can do? I thought he was supposed to be omnipotent.  If he is (or was), couldn't he have created a universe in which unhappiness was not required for happiness?  Finally, why would an omnibenevolent and omnipotent god sentence people to be eternally punished for a few years of wrongdoing? Couldn't he have just convinced them to stop doing whatever it was?
this introduces the argument of free will. god can't make people do things if free will exists. if man is required to make choices, god, regardlkess of how omnipotent he is, cannot control those choices. Some people are predisposed to doing certain things. Some people are more likely to do good things and some are more likely to do evil. Is that free will? How about certain disorders which are hard to resist? Do they allow people to control themselves? no. for the same reason he couldnt create a universe in which hot could exist without cold, or darkness exist without light. the existence of something relative requires the existence of its counterpart Does it require this much? Does it require that people die after suffering for months? Does it require babies to be born addicted? all the convincing that god can and will do has already been done. everyday people's conscience and wisdom as well as social norms, religious teaching and law tries to stop people from doing wrong by letting them know the consequences of doing so. when you do right, you reap the associated consequence. same when you do wrong. if you do wrong, knowing that the consequence of that is eternal suffering in hell, then its not god sending you to hell, you're sending yourself there. god's omnipotence and benevolence has nothing to do with the consequence you reap of the action you take If hell does exist and the bible is accurate, why did god create it? Also, why would he allow anyone to go there? That has nothing to do with convincing. He could just put everyone in heaven.  Finally, is there evil/suffering in heaven?
i disagree with your idea that people are predisposed to do good or evil. however, i know that some people do actions that they cannot control that end up hurting themselves and others.  let me explain the difference between sin and evil. evil generally refers to acts or events that negatively affect others, like causing pain or death. therefore a weather pattern or plague can be considered evil, as well as a murderer or tourturer. sin, on the other hand, is disobedience of the commandments of god. this is not subjective, but is clearly defined in the bible  getting into heaven is a matter of being free from sin, not just being good. of course, evil and sin has a lot of overlap, but not always. it is sinful to murder, except when god commands it, then it is sinful to disobey and not murder. similarly with stealing, adultery, envy, cruelty, etc. they are sinful when god commands to not do them, but not when god commands to do them  because of this, ending up in heaven or hell shifts from the question of good and evil to obedience and disobedience. ultimately, being good or evil (both of with are subjective) are not the primary factors that determine your after-death destination. Why don't you attempt to respond to my point? You say nothing involving free will. Do you concede that free will is limited? if these things extremes that you cite didnt exist, and the worst form of pain one could experience were stumping your toe on a rock, then this discussion would be "how could god exist in a world where rocks stump so many people's toes?". there will always be an extreme end of the pain spectrum. its possible that the worse form of suffering we have experienced is far less than what is capable. we can only measure these extremes relative to what we can experience.  no matter what level of pain or happiness existed, it would always be too much Consider the people who spend the last several months of their lives suffering from insomnia and, in the end, dementia. Will they ever have anything (on earth) to compare their unhappiness to?  The obvious response is that they will enter heaven, but if that is an option, then entering hell is another. If god could not prevent them from entering hell, then he could at least let them enjoy the end of their life, right? first, the bible answers this question. hell was created for the devil and his followers. the devil's followers were originally the 1/3rd of the heavenly host that sided with him to overthrow god. however, with man's creation, the devil set out to get as many humans to join him on his way to hell. i guess misery loves company So hell was created for anyone who was anti-god? second, god doesnt allow anyone to go to hell on account of their sinful lifestyle anymore than he allows people to get wet on account of them jumping in a pool. its a consequence attached to the action taken.  So god is powerless to stop them from going to hell? people choose to take those actions, be it sinning or jumping in a pool, and implicitly take the associated consequences, ie. getting wet or suffering in hell eternally If someone believed that god didn't exist, would that be grounds for going to hell? If the answer is yes, then god acted in a way that caused people to go there. He left no empirical evidence of his existance. third, no, there is no evil or suffering in heaven, neither will you have any memories of pain and suffering from your earthly life when you get there. in heaven, besides eating healthy food and living in a comfortable climate, your main source of enjoyment will be basking in the glow of god's glory, and continually expressing praise to god.  I thought you said that "no matter what level of pain or happiness existed, it would always be too much [pain]." (I am assuming that I interpreted your statement correctly.) these activities are engineered to keep you happy non-stop forever and ever. god is happy because his need for constant praise is being met, and you'll be happy because youre constantly praising god. So why wouldn't god just prove that he exists and make everyone on earth happy because they can worship him?
Do you concede that free will is limited? free will, by definition, is all about will. will is based on the knowledge they have of available options, and the decision they make about which option they choose. if someone is mentally impaired, they wont be able to make sound knowledge-based decisions, so their free-will is limited. but this is the exception, and the common belief is that mentally challenged people, like small children, automatically go to heaven So some people have limited free will. If god is willing to allow some to have limited free will, why doesn't he limit it a bit more and stop people from killing each other? Why doesn't he make sure that people in the situation of a prisoner's dilemma cooperate so they will both be happy? Consider the people who spend the last several months of their lives suffering from insomnia and, in the end, dementia. Will they ever have anything (on earth) to compare their unhappiness to? the rest of their life when they werent suffering, i suppose Nice sidestep. My point was that they never have a time without as much suffering to be able to compare to the time when they were suffering. So hell was created for anyone who was anti-god? correct So why would god have created a place where people were punished eternally for not believing in him without evidence? So god is powerless to stop them from going to hell? correct. god cannot make any decisions for humans, and god cannot alter the set consequences of people's actions based on thos decisions. But he set those consequences. Why does it seem that he is not all-loving? If someone believed that god didn't exist, would that be grounds for going to hell? correct again. see pascal's wager Pascal's wager... Hopefully you don't mean that as a reason to believe in your god. Even Pascal didn't use it that way... If the answer is yes, then god acted in a way that caused people to go there. He left no empirical evidence of his existance. wrong and correct. god left no imperical evidence of his existence, but the decision is a faith-based one, not based on evidence. you can still choose to believe that god exists, despite the lack of empirical evidence. god doesnt cause people to go to hell, people choose, of their own free-will, to not believe in god's existence based on faith alone, which is the rational thing to do, but which could end you up in hell "Could end you up in hell..." It is nice of you to admit that it is rational not to believe in god based on the evidence. Will you take that back when the Pascal's wager angle is refuted? I thought you said that "no matter what level of pain or happiness existed, it would always be too much [pain]." (I am assuming that I interpreted your statement correctly.) i did, and i stand by my statement. unless god's brainwashing process includes the removal of curiosity, i am willing to bet that a large faction of heaven's residence will start to complain about the boredom and futility of continually praising god forever. people will start to yearn for something more, if only for variety's sake. the only way heavenly bliss for eternity is even practical is if god turns everyone in heaven into mindless praising robots Couldn't god have created a universe in which it was possible to be happy without minding the suffering which came with it?  Also, are you saying that heaven gets boring after a while and that people are forced to spend eternity there anyway? So why wouldn't god just prove that he exists and make everyone on earth happy because they can worship him? because the bible says "without faith it is impossible to please god" (hebrews 11:6}. remember, faith is the belief that something is true, where evidence doesnt exist, or in the face of evidence to the contrary. herein lies the catch 22: the decision to believe in god's existence must be faith-based, according to the bible. christians who believe in god's existence by faith constantly look for concrete evidence to back up their faith-based belief. this in itself is already a contradiction. the more evidence you have to believe in something, the less faith is required, and therefore the further away from the will of god these believers drift. Why does god want faith? Most celebrities I know don't mind giving evidence of their existance... They get more attention that way. Why should god care if there is evidence of his existance? god not providing evidence of his existence is keeping consistent with what the bible says about him. anything that looks like evidence (that will influence us to believe in god's existence without faith) should be ignored. christian science is an example of a movement which violates this scripture That is your view. Christian scientists would say that your view violates god's will. Why should I believe one rather than another? In particular, why should I believe the one without evidence?
i have a question for you, and whoever else may be following this thread, concerning your question of god creating a world where there is no suffering and happiness exists. i asked you this before, and you didnt respond, so i'll ask again.  one of the main concepts i'm getting from you is that you seem to think that god can, and should, be able to create a world in which there is no suffering and happiness exists. if such a world is possible and conceivable, i would like you to describe what, in your mind, this world would look like. how would humans experience this world. what would cause them to be happy  i will say that i personally can think of quite few scenarios in which there is no pain and suffering, but in no such scenario can i imagine happiness existing. by i'm probably just not seeing it... Sounds good. Technically, I don't believe that god could create such a universe because I don't believe that a god exists. I do believe that if a god did exist, that he/she could create such a universe. I will respond to this rather than the previous post because I don't like it when the posts keep getting longer and longer.  First, I would like to define happiness. I will use this definition from wikipedia:"Happiness is an emotional or affective state that feels good or pleasing. [...] Happiness is often correlated to the presence of favorable events (such as a promotion, a marriage, lottery winnings, etc.) and the absence of troubles or bad luck (such as accidents, getting fired, divorce, conflicts, etc.)."  A world with only happiness would be a world without unhappiness (i.e. a world without events that would be considered unfavorable).  In order to achieve this without making people bored (assuming people react to events the same way), the world would have to have different levels of favorable events. This could be achieved, but a consequence would be that the less favorable events would be viewed as boring (but not as bad luck).  To show that this is a valid option, I would like you to consider a school-aged child. The child tends to remain happy throughout the vacations and is usually bored at worst during school. For some children, school represents a learning opportunity which they enjoy. Such children demonstrate that a universe where people are not unhappy is plausible even without modifying people's reactions.   If people's reactions are modified, they could be happy because of favorable events without requiring boredom or sadness in between. Modification would not even be necessary if a universe was being created; it could just be created like that. This is the most likely option which would be chosen by an all-loving deity who was creating the universe: create inhabitants who can be constantly happy.
Sounds good. Technically, I don't believe that god could create such a universe because I don't believe that a god exists. I do believe that if a god did exist, that he/she could create such a universe. interesting. i suppose you know that you just undermined your initial argument. but thats another thread... My argument is that an omnibenevolent, omnipotent god is not self-consistent (in this universe). How did I undermine that? First, I would like to define happiness. I will use this definition from wikipedia:"Happiness is an emotional or affective state that feels good or pleasing. [...] Happiness is often correlated to the presence of favorable events (such as a promotion, a marriage, lottery winnings, etc.) and the absence of troubles or bad luck (such as accidents, getting fired, divorce, conflicts, etc.)."  A world with only happiness would be a world without unhappiness (i.e. a world without events that would be considered unfavorable). implicit of the definition you gave, the favorable events imply that there exist unfavorable events. a favorable event cannot exist without an equally unfavorable event. you cannot enjoy the abscence of an accident if accidents dont exist Good, except for the phrase, "a favorable event cannot exist without an equally unfavorable event." The word "equally" is a bit of a problem. Consider: is there a counterpart to everything good that could happen to you?  The rest of the reasoning is fairly sound. However, would you say that meditators require much unhappiness for them to experience a very happy state? Couldn't they have a decent day and still achieve the same level of happiness? In order to achieve this without making people bored (assuming people react to events the same way), the world would have to have different levels of favorable events. This could be achieved, but a consequence would be that the less favorable events would be viewed as boring (but not as bad luck). interesting. this would shift the scale of good and bad. think about it, lets say the best thing that could happen at your job is that you get a million dollar bonus, and the worst is that you dont get promoted. everyday you could get promoted or a bonus fom 1000 to 1 million. i'm talking EVERYBODY in the world works at a job like this, billions of people get promoted daily, and millions of them get million dollar bonuses once a week. after a while, the regular $1000 bonuses and promotion start to become mediocre, and not getting a promotion for 2 weeks straight would be really depressing, especially when your co-workers are getting million dollar bonuses in that time. unhappiness would still exist Which means the competitive setup is not the best for making everyone happy. If the creator of a universe was truely omnibenevolent and omnipotent, wouldn't he or she create a setup that could be enjoyed all the time by the inhabitants? To show that this is a valid option, I would like you to consider a school-aged child. The child tends to remain happy throughout the vacations and is usually bored at worst during school. For some children, school represents a learning opportunity which they enjoy. Such children demonstrate that a universe where people are not unhappy is plausible even without modifying people's reactions. this is a generalization that i'm uncomfortable with. there are many school age kids that are rebellious, angry, mistrusting, and sometimes depressed to bordering suicidal. i'd wager that there are just as many teens that are disturbed and unhappy as there are that are blissful and positive. Shootsemoticon_xkill...and misses the point entirely.My point was that people can, under the right circumstances, be happy for longer periods of time than they are sad or even bored. The existance of people who are denied the situation (if there really is a god who can be refered to in this context) shows that an omnibenevolent, omnipotent creator failed to create an ideal universe. If people's reactions are modified, they could be happy because of favorable events without requiring boredom or sadness in between. Modification would not even be necessary if a universe was being created; it could just be created like that. This is the most likely option which would be chosen by an all-loving deity who was creating the universe: create inhabitants who can be constantly happy. in this last paragraph youre talking about something entirely different. you can either change the environment so that nothing "bad" happens, or you can change people's response to the environment, so that nothing is percieved as bad.  Either option is better than none, at least from the perspective of an omnibenevolent creator who wishes to ensure that everyone (and everything) he loves is happy. interestingly enough, this already exist. humans can, and sometimes do, view every event as a positive event. for believers, its the mindset that "god is in control, and everything works out for a reason". for the non-believer it may be "every failure is a learning experience". bad events are acknowledged for what they are, but they dont make the observer unhappy Then why don't all people think like that? Why are some unfortunate? of course, the other solution is to either rewire the nervous system so that pain and grief are simply not part of our system, or dope us with endophines constantly Those are both options. By the way, you seem to be trying to link excessive happiness with drugs, which have negative connotations. Endorphins (not endorphines) are not harmful and have no major side effects (unless you count the release of adrenaline in small children).
because youre an atheist, of course. arguing that god doesnt exist because he sends people to hell is self contradictory I am not arguing that a deity does not exist; I am arguing that an omnibenevolent, omnipotent deity does not exist. it seems as though that simply isnt possible, even for an omnipotent being. an omnipotent being is one that is all powerful, not one that can do the impossible. unless you can explain how everyone in the world could be always happy all the time, my view is that its impossible It seems to me that an all-powerful being who created the universe would be able to create inhabitants who could consider all events beneficial. people of any age can be happy for a longer part of their life than they are sad. this doesnt exclusively or even generally apply to children, which is the point i was making. however, this would require people who are percieved as suffering for a greater part of their lives in order for the happy people to appreciate their fortune. it ultimately all balances out I live in a part of the world which is generally considered lucky, but I did not know that for a long time and I spent a long time appreciating life without knowing about those who couldn't appreciate life nearly as much. i'm not referring to side effects. doping people with endorphins is an artificial inducing of the feeling of happiness. it doesnt make the events happening any more or less beneficial. In that case, your assumption is that "beneficial" events cannot happen without detrimental ones?   I would like to point out that if a deity created a universe, he/she would not necessarily make this the case.  If creating a universe involves creating the laws of physics, planets, and living things, then it is no real stretch to assume that happiness could be made possible without unhappiness (considering that the organisms would be the ones to react to it).  If the interpretation of happiness was already defined, then the deity did not create all that exists (and/or does not have control over it).
Good God (NPI). You guys have been hopelessly bound in speculation for the last 30 posts or so. True, but if it can be shown that a "better" universe could exist, then it would follow that no omnibenevolent, omnipotent god exists, as that god would have made the universe better than it is.
Okay, let me tell you as someone who by no means believes in Christianity that your point is just stupid. You simply don't know what God's intentions are. I design my own situations with a map editor for the computer game Operation Flashpoint. I can make the situations better any time I want, and I can make the situations more realistic... but I don't because I don't want to.  You and UnkerPaulie have gone waaay beyond the core of the argument: what was God intending. Since you simply don't and can't know, it's utterly senseless to say the concept of God has been disproven by a universe He chose to create. The key is that the bible claims that he loves everyone. A god without this characteristic would have no problem with the argument from evil. Similarly, the argument from evil does not refute the existance of a non-omnipotent god.  I am trying to show that there is no god who has both of these characteristics (omnibenevolence and omnipotence). A god with both those characters (in full) would not have created a universe with any more unhappiness than absolutely necessary.
Who are you, as a non-omni[anything] yourself, one to judge what a necessary level of happiness is? The ideal level of happiness would be one where unhappiness was all but nonexistant. That is not the case, currently.
Under those conditions, God's intentions clearly are not apparent. By refusing fiddle with Free Will, He obviously isn't acting in man's best interest. We don't know what He's doing--we can only assume and hope it's something good. Which indicates that he is not omnibenevolent (if he were all-loving, he would always act in man's best interest).  That's all I really want to establish: the bible cannot be correct in saying that an omnibenevolent (or omnipotent, take your pick) god exists.
You don't know what is in man's best interest and what is not. When a child begs for candy, his mom knows what's best for him, while through his eyes she's being wicked by with-holding anything. Then where does this quote come in?  By refusing fiddle with Free Will, He obviously isn't acting in man's best interest.
You four seem to be having a really good time. And I notice that no one has been carping as if he were forced to read what you have to say. Good for you. Have more fun and more power to you. Carry on.
would a better option be to remove free will? god could make humans nothing more than pre-programmed robots, with no autonomy or even self-awareness. we wouldnt even know whether what we were doing would be in our own best interest, or just pawns fullfilling the purposes assigned to us. in this scenario there certainly wouldnt be any complaints, but i dont see there being any happiness either  its either god makes humans with free will, or without it. one of these 2 conditions must be true. which condition would make happiness possible?  If you think that God knows the future to what specific actions we make when faced with alternate actions, even before we are presented with them, there isn't any 'free will' anyway.
would a better option be to remove free will? god could make humans nothing more than pre-programmed robots, with no autonomy or even self-awareness. we wouldnt even know whether what we were doing would be in our own best interest [emphasis added], or just pawns fullfilling the purposes assigned to us. in this scenario there certainly wouldnt be any complaints, but i dont see there being any happiness either You have asserted the bolded sentence already. It doesn't really make a difference to you if free will is there or not. its either god makes humans with free will, or without it. one of these 2 conditions must be true. This reminds me of Schroedinger's Cat: one may turn out to be true, but you don't know. which condition would make happiness possible? Either one would.
sigh...  my assertion was that happiness is a choice. choice can only apply if there is free will. therefore, based on my assertion, the existence of happiness depends on the existence of free will. to now state that my assertion doesnt depend on whether theres free will shows that you totally missed that And you also asserted that happiness is the result of positive events... As long as "positive" is defined, there should be no real reason for happiness to require free will.  Granted, freedom is pleasing to people, but there is no purely logical reason for that. If you think that freedom (or anything about it) is as well-defined as such things as the circumfrence of a circle or Coulomb's Law, feel free to say so. this response is totally irrelevant. god is designing the world and the people on it, so he knows how its going to turn out. he can design it in which free will can exist, or he can design it in which free will doesnt exist. of these two options, one can be selected and included in the design Free will is apparently present in people, if that's what you want me to say. i disagree. in a scenario where free will doesnt exist, humans can only function as robots. are you saying you can create a happy robot? that, to me, is an oxymoron, a logical absurdity, that not even god could create. i suppose youd disagree and simply assert "an omnipotent god should be able to create happy robots". an assertion isnt an argumnt, just so you know... Again, before we get into "argumnts" about "happy robots," I would like you to state your definition of happiness.
from what i understand, "better" in this context means a world with equal or more happiness and less or no sadness. truly, if it could be shown that such a universe could exist, that would make a good case against either god's omnipotence or his omnibenevolence, or both. the question is, can it be shown that such a universe is possible? I have given two examples of people's capacity to be happy for most (if not all) of their time. These examples are: the child who is content both in and out of school and the meditator (who leads a generally happy life no matter where he/she is).   I also think that now would be a good time to drop this debate, because other people are beginning to express the opinion that it is useless. The only reason I made this post was to show that I didn't just run away; I do have an argument, but I don't want to spend hours trying to make a point.
i have shown that the child is not necessarily a good example. the meditator/optimist is the only other good example, and i've agreed with you on that. regardless, these two situations already exist. if god created the world in which the pensive optimist can always be happy, then why complain that we live in a world infested by suffering and worry, when the solution is just a matter of changing one's attitude? on this point, we cannot use pain and negativity in the world as an argument against god's existence Fair enough, I suppose... I may change my mind in the future, but for now I will accept that statement. That said, Pascal's Wager should also be avoided.   By the way, what is the intent of your signature? You certainly don't seem to be an atheist... The point of mine is to demonstrate a logical fallacy in using the bible as evidence of the bible's accuracy (and to get a chuckle). I don't accept the bible as true because of that argument.
There is nothing wrong with trying to understand God. We are probably much in the same state of trying to understand him as a 2 year old understands the whole world. We've a lot of growing up to do.  Saying that God is beyond our understanding is the excuse we are given when logical people realize that their existence of god and his mysterious attributes have no rational basis.   "but that simply makes no sense" "it's a mystery, my son"  The metaphor of the 2 year old is apt. Invisible friends and fantasy are what children do to make sense of the world. That goes away as we become adults and (hopefully) learn to think critically.
No, I'm not. I am saying that as a race we will learn more about God as we mature.  Thus far, this 'learning' has taken the form of a steady revelation of all the things he hasn't, in fact, been responsible for.   I, too, expect this trend to continue.
That's supposed to be the case, and I agree with you, but very few people ever make it that far down the forum to look in the religion/philosophy section. This was pointed out much earlier, and if I post something like this again, it will be in the religion forum. In this case I just wanted a response from marc9000 and supersport.  As to the c/p above, it appears to make the point quite clearly that God cannot be expected to help people in this life. Is that correct?
something had to start things like the big bang.  Scientist know that mater canot be created or distroyed.  So something supernatural had to creat it.  Anyways, one way to look at it is, If God is their (hypotheticly), and you love him, you go to heaven (eternal happiness), If you do not love him, you do not go to heaven. If he does not exist, (hypotheticly) and you love him anyways, nothing bad happens to you, If you do not belive in him, nothing bad happens to you. So someone who love Him knows that either way, nothing bad will happen to them in the next world, wearas if you do not love him, well you either do not live on after death, or you go to eternal suffering. In other words, without God, someone who made all the good decisions and always did the right thing, would be dumed to the same fate as a murderer and all around evil person.  I believe this is referred to as 'Pascal's Wager' and is pretty much the weakest point of view I have ever heard on this topic. Sadly, I hear it all the time. If the only thing "wrong" I ever do in my life is not believe in God, and I get sent to Hell for it, then God sounds like a real jerk and I would be happy I didn't worship Him.
something had to start things like the big bang.  Scientist know that mater canot be created or distroyed.  So something supernatural had to creat it.  Anyways, one way to look at it is, If God is their (hypotheticly), and you love him, you go to heaven (eternal happiness), If you do not love him, you do not go to heaven. If he does not exist, (hypotheticly) and you love him anyways, nothing bad happens to you, If you do not belive in him, nothing bad happens to you. So someone who love Him knows that either way, nothing bad will happen to them in the next world, wearas if you do not love him, well you either do not live on after death, or you go to eternal suffering. In other words, without God, someone who made all the good decisions and always did the right thing, would be dumed to the same fate as a murderer and all around evil person.  Why? Matter can be created.. matter can be destroyed.. it gets converted to and from energy. Pascals wage has long been disproven as a piece of fluff.   Why must have a 'supernatural being' kicked off the big bang? Why does this hypotetical God be so narssistic that he needs a group of primates in a small galaxay out of billions upon billions of galaxies to 'love' him?   You just don't plain make sense there.
something had to start things like the big bang.  Scientist know that mater canot be created or distroyed.  So something supernatural had to creat it. And what created that 'something supernatural'? If the answer is it didn't need a creator, why do you impose that as a necessary condition on the big bang? If uncaused entities can exist - you will claim your god is one - then why cannot the universe be one?
The problem with Pascal's wager is that you can't just look at it from a Christian point of view, there is no way to narrow down which religion you are going to start beleiving in to ensure you an afterlife. Even numbskull Homer Simpson could find fault with Pascal's Wager. As he said in "Homer the Heretic": "And what if we picked the wrong religion? Every week, we're just making God madder and madder!"
"Don't put all your eggs in one basket"   I don't know who said it first, but whoever did is a genius because, indeed, life often has a way of pulling the rug right out from under you, causing all those little eggs to fall on the floor and break.   But see, our little darwinist friends have done exactly that: they've taken all their little eggs and they've piled them up REAL HIGH in one big, gigantic basket of XXXX nonsense.  So what's been piled up in the basket of nonsense???????  It's their misguided notion that variation arises randomly and our genes/DNA define us.   Their basic dogma is that genes control life. Not only that but they've created this huge fairytale that, because variation must arise accidentally, genes mutate and express themselves differently for no reason....which means there is no way that the environment can have a beneficial effect on genetic activity.......And that's because they believe our DNA controls us like cheap wooden puppets on strings. This, I submit, will go down as one of the stupidest, most fraudulent premises of all time. Instead of being victims of our genes -- or that our genes control our biology -- I suggest we are all masters of our own fates...products of our local environments...and that our genes control nothing because they are merely tools that are under the influence of the body.  This means that cancer does not have a genetic cause...neither does depression, Adhd, diabetes, or any other disease. Also that means that any and every little nugget of Neo-dawinism is 100% FALSE....all of which I will back up here:  Anyone who's interested in REAL biology needs to pick a book called The Biology of Belief from Bruce Lipton, Phd.  This dude tells it like it is -- and despite being hated by the scientific community, he shatters ToE by dispelling the myth that genes are in control of anything. He says, "it's the environment, stupid."   Instead of genes, Lipton says it's the membrane of the cell who is the real hero -- it's the membrane that senses the local enviornment and reacts accordingly. He shows how genes, in fact, are not our destiny....that enviornmental influences -- including stress, nutrition and emotions can modify genes. Not only that but these modifications can be passed on to future generations. And what's even worse, genes are not even needed for cell functionality! Read on....   To get started, let's see how he equates the individual cell to the human body:   "I taught my students that the biochemical mechanisms employed by cellular organelle systems are essentially the same mechanisms employed by our human organ systems. Even though humans are made up of trillions of cells, I stressed that there is not one new function in our bodies that is not already expressed in the single cell."  "Each eukaryote (nucleus-containing cell) possesses the functional equivalent of our nervous sytem, digestive system, respiratory system, excretory system, digestive system, respiratory systems, circulatory system, integument (skin) reproductive system and even a primitive immune system, which utilizes a family of anitbody-like proteins." Pg. 37  "I also made it clear to my students that each cell is an intelligent being that can survive on its own, as scientists demonstrate when they remove individual cells from the body and grow them in a culture.....these cells are imbued with intent and purpose; they actively seek environments that support their survival while simultaneously avoiding toxic or hostile ones. Like humans, single cells analyze thousands of stimuli from the microenvironment they inhabit. Throug the analysis of this data, cells select appropriate behavioral responses to ensure their survival."  "For example, when a measles virus infects a child, an immature immune cell is called in to create a protective protein antibody against that virus. In the process, the cell must create a new gene to serve as a blueprint in manufacturing the measles antibody protein." Pg. 38  "....The new antibody gene can also be passed on to all the cell's progeny when it divides. In this process, not only did the cell "learn" about the measles virus, it also created a "memory" that will be inherited and propagated by its daughter cells. This amazing feat of genetic engineering is profoundly important because it represents an inherent "intelligence" mechanism by which cells evolve." Pg. 39  Next, Dr. Lipton destroys any notion that our genes control us:  ".....the media repeatedly distort the meaning of two words: correlation and causation. It's one thing to be linked to a disease; it's quite another to cause a disease, which implies a directing, controlling action. If I show you my keys and say that a particular key "controls" my car, you at first might think that makes sense because you know you need that key to turn on the ignition. But does the key actually "control" the car? If it did, you couldn't leave the key in the car alone because it might just borrow your car for a joy ride when you are not paying attention. In truth, the key is "correlated" with the control of the car; but the person who actually turns the key actually controls the car. Specific genes are correlated with an organism's behavior and characteristics. But these genes are not activated until something triggers them." (Death spike for ToE right there)  So what activates genes?  When a gene product is needed, a signal from its environment, not an emergent property of the gene itself, activates experession of that gene. In otherwords, it's the environment, stupid." Pg/ 52  Finally, Dr Lipton has the nerve to conclude that the nucleus of the cell is not in controll of the cell's processes....instead, it's the MEMBRANE:   "The notion that the nucleus and its genes are the "brain" of the cell is an untenable and illogical hypothesis. If the brain is removed from an animal, disruption of physiologic integration would immediately lead to the organism's death. If the nucleus truly represented the brain of the cell, then removal of the nucleus would result in the cessation of cell functions and immediate cell death. However, experimentally enucleated cells may survive for two or more months without genes, and yet are capable of effecting complex responses to environmental and cytoplasmic stimuli (Lipton, et al., Differentiation 1991, 46:117-133). Logic reveals that the nucleus can not be the brain of the cell!" Pg. 65   "On the contrary, if one removes the membrane of the cell, the cell quickly dies as if the brain had been removed....and this happens because the cell no longer receives environmental signals necessary for operation....which is necessary for "intelligent" behavior."  "Following enucleation, cells can survive for up to two or more months without genes. Viable enucleated cells do not lie about like brain-dead lumps of cytoplasm on life-support systems. These cells actively ingest and metabolize food, maintain coordinated operation of their physiologic systems (respiration, digestion, excretion, morility, etc) retain an ability to communicate with other cells, and are able to engage in appropriate responses to growth and protection-requiring environmental stimuli." Pg. 66  So there its. Genes are not our destiny. They are under strict control of the cell...and what's worse for the darwinist and his theory -- they are NOT EVEN NEEDED for cell function! So the next time an evolutionist says "it's in the genes" when it comes to traits or behavior or instinct -- just tell them to take a long walk on a short plank.  So much for silly notion that genetic determinism, which has been erroneously forced down our throats by the community of quacks in the scientific world for the past 50 years.   So Check out Dr. Lipton's book...it's awesome....it combines the worlds of evolution (including biology, genes, cells, etc), spirituality, and health/diseases. He basicallly says that most of the billions of dollars pumped in to bio-tech is wasted because fixing genes will never fix the physical cause of disease. (RIGHT ON, Brother!).....and that the cause of most disease is environmentally-related, not genetically related. Cells are just the result of their surrounding environments: Crummy environment...crummy cells.... Healthy environment...healthy cells.   http://www.brucelipton.com/
Evolution does not necessitate this.  ok...if genetic activity does not control life, then what does....? What controls traits? What causes disease? How did evolution occur?
Are you sure you want to hitch your wagon to a New Age Buddhist? So I resemble my father because we live in the same town or because I imagine I want to or should? I'm confused.:xbanghead  I did not come on here to talk about Dr. Lipton's spiritual beliefs. My OP is about how evolutionists have developed a whole theory based on the fraudulent premise that genes control everything. How many times have you head "it's in the genes"? But how can genes control anything if they don't even control the cell they reside in?
You don't believe in inherited traits?  yes but that does not mean that genes are in control of these traits. Remember the "car key" analogy? Don't get confused with correlation and causation. Genes are just tools that the body uses. They are correlated with traits but they themselves are not the cause. And like I said, if genes aren't even in control of the cell in which they reside, how could they be in control of anything else in the body?
So what do you believe is the mechanism passing traits from one generation to the next?  It's called the miracle of life, brotha! Life is non-scientific and no mechanism can be ascribed to it. You may be able to watch new traits form or emerge in offspring, but how it happens will always remain a mystery...just like mystery of life itself.
I'm fairly certain that no miracle is involved with the fact that my eye color is exactly the same as my father's.  Maybe so...but let's change it up. How do you explain that butterflys emerge with different traits according to which season/which environment they are born in? what is that mechanism?...the people who did the study don't evidently know.  http://www.arachnology.org/monteiro/Press/2002_TREE_story/The_Hindu/2002040400080400.htm
Supersport, you frequently talk about the ToE in terms of it being a conspiracy, yet you never supply a motive. Why would the vast, overwhelming majority of biological scientists, from many cultures, many countries, many backgrounds, working for different and often competing academic and commercial entities, all dedicate their lives and reputations to knowingly taking a falsehood and 'forcing it down the throat' of the masses, most of whom couldn't give a wet slap one way or the other?  On the other hand, I've yet to encounter a proponent of ID who doesn't have a non-scientific, religious agenda behind their actions.  Above the panel where I'm typing right now, there are several paid Goodle ads linking to creationist websites. Follow those links and you will find page after page of long-since-debunked objections to the ToE presented as if they were fresh and current (What use is half an eye? etc). You will find blatant quote-mines from Darwin saying that the evolution of the eye 'defeats the imagination', omitting his subsequent explanation of why it need not. You'll find po-faced 'scientists' saying that we've never observed a missing link - a statement whose profundity rates slightly below 'Everything you lose is always found in the last place you look' And running through them all: the bible and Jesus, Jesus and the bible. The alleged 'ultimate truths' marinading in a soup of distortion and outright lies.  To me, that looks one hell of a lot more like a conspiracy.  It's all political. Science has all kinds of political ramifications. If the atheists can successfully steer people away from God, they can get them voting for the abortion-loving, tax-raising, American-hating party known as the Communists -- er -- Democrats.
It's all political. Science has all kinds of political ramifications. If the atheists can successfully steer people away from God, they can get them voting for the abortion-loving, tax-raising, American-hating party known as the Communists -- er -- Democrats.  I will let Peeling address this. But seriously, do you truly believe that scientists are this great cabal whose ultimate purpose is to steer the political process in a more liberal direction? To what end? Are conservatives more unwilling to fund science, is that your point?
Are all scientists atheists? I suppose not, as you have recently quoted one who isn't. Are all supporters of evolution atheists? Consider the argument between me and lucaspa in the Occam's Razor thread. Are Democrats Communists? No. If you actually think so, provide evidence.  No probably not. It deprends on the arena of science. Evolutionary scientists are mostly atheists. The media is comprised of mostly atheists...so they go hand-in-hand, walking happily together, without a care in their fairytale world.  Democrats, or at least some of them, are wanna-be-Communists. They envy and fantasize over the old U.S.S.R. This is just my opinion based on the way they vote.
** Why is it that all yanks who oppose darwinism are such fanatical social darwinists? And all "Christian" fundamentalists are so fundamentally opposed to Christ's essential message? That is, why are they more aligned with the social vision of some "Anti-Christ" than they are to the actual social message of the gospels?  I hope that no-one ever mistakes me for you, ever again, supersport.  How is it that I'm "fundamentally opposed to Christ's message?"....because I have the audacity to believe that science is political....and that ToE brings a message that is designed to steer people away from the truth of God and His Creation? That doesn't make any sense.  By the way...I'd like to ask you....sense you believe that traits are passed on in a lamarckian way, on what grounds do you believe that lifeforms have been around for hundreds of millions of years? Darwinists can get away with this because if lifeforms indeed evolved via RM + NS, then it would have to take that long. However, with a lamarcian inheritance, evolution could be sped up to lightning speed, thus eliminating the need for millions of years.
You're right: the underlined part DOESN'T make any sense!  Evolutionists have taken the beauty and majesty of creation out of the hands of God and given to selection; they've taken the concept that life brings forth life and replaced it with the concept that death (selection) brings forth life. They've taken the reality and miraculousness out of life and replaced it with philosophical pseudo-science. They've taken the mind (intelligence) out of life and replaced it with stupid and randomly mutating genes.  All that is about as anti-God as you can get.
I would like to know how you guys can claim that the theory of evolution was not created specifically so that people could put their faith in something other than the Creator of the Universe.....The theory of evolution does the following:  ToE is a thoery that takes the beauty and majesty of Creation out of the hands of God and gives to selection. Evolutionists believe the only reason humans are here is because some unfit monkeys died. Before that some unfit rodents died. Before that some unfit reptiles and amphibeans died. Before that some unfit insects and spiders and ameba died.....and it all came out of a swamp that stank of death until one lucky fluke accident. You guys are sick in the head.   ToE takes the reality and miraculousness out of life and replaces it with philosophical, non-miraculous pseudo-science. You guys don't rely on science to form your theory -- your theory is enough proof by itself! To heck with testing animals.   It takes the mind (intelligence) out of life and replaces it with randomly mutating genes. Only a diluted nitwit could claim that the life is not intelligent. (I'll get to this in a bit)   It takes all of God's beautiful creatures and eliminates them as a unit of study when it comes to transmission of heredity.    It takes a wholistic view of life and abandons it, replacing it with the study of supposedly independently-acting molecules.  It takes a human, who was created in God's image, and replaces him as something that was created in an ape's image.  It takes away an all-powerful God and replaces Him with a God who relies on accidents.  It takes God's power to create the world in the blink of an eye (ok 6 days) and forces Him to be less than powerful, requiring Him to use hundreds of millions of years to form creation.   And I have a bonus question (or two) for you atheists:   When you consider all of the complexity on earth: all the chemicals...all the DNA...all the red blood cells and brain cells.....all the starfish and raindrops and babbling brooks and sunrays and classical music and little babies and skydiving and snorkeling and all the cool things life has to offer -- and when you think of the fact that snowflakes are all different, as well as all the stars, as well as each blade of grass and every organism on earth, does it not strike you that what we live in is pretty spectacular? I mean when DNA breaks down into smaller and smaller particles and these particles eventually disappear, yet the "fields" that underlie these particles seem to somehow know what to do -- does life not strike you as something extraordinary? And when you taste a good steak or eat apple pie with ice cream or sing your favorite song or hug your wife or see your children born or tell someone that you love them -- does all that mean nothing? And is it just ho-hum when you think about how your sperm or egg ended up being one of your children? And how exactly is it, anyway, that a fertilized egg just happens to swirl around and form an embryo?   How can you guys say that life is not miraculous? How can you claim that there is not an all powerful God? Do you think you could string all this together if you were given the right chemicals?....or heck --- if you weren't given anything. How would you go about creating a gene from scratch? Heck, how could you even think of a gene? How about a cell? How about an immune system? How about a nervous system or a spinal cord? How about an eyeball or some hemoglobin or adrenaline?   I think you're all fooling yourselves. In the meantime you continue your charade, masquerading yourselves as intellectuals, adopting a sneering tone of arrogance and know-it-all attitude towards anyone who doensn't think like you. I think you all are in for a big surprise someday.   And WW, you never did answer my question: How did monkeys/apes turn into human beings without randomly mutating genes and without selection?  And I asked you before what makes you think life has been on this earth for so many millions of years in light of your mechanism of change allows for very rapid evolution. You did not answer me. In fact, did you know there are only about 4,000 TOTAL fossil hominid bones dug up? That includes all Neanderthals, homo erectus and all austolopithecus and every other primate. 4,000 total....many of these are represented by just a few small bones or teeth. So where are all the necessary MILLIONS and MILLIONS of fossil hominid bones necessary to support an earth that's been around for a billion years or more?   Oh, that's right -- you're living on faith just like me.
Wow, shooter...I must really have gotten under your skin. 3 posts in a row!  Now how about this...how about you prove to me that your XXXX version of evolution is true by doing the following:  1) Prove to me that NS is true on the level of the organism by showing me controlled experiments on real animals.  2) Prove to me that there is such thing as a beneficial random mutation that could lead to cumulative selection.  3) Prove to me that lamarckian inheritance is false, based on controlled experiments on animals.  4) Prove to me how dinosaur soft, bloody tissue could survive and be preserved for 65 million freaking years.  5) Show me a name or a fossil that was the supposed common ancestor to chimps and humans.  6) Show me a series of fossils that gradually lead from one type of animal to another.  7) Show me a series of fossils leading from australopithecus (ape) to homo erectus (human).  8) Show me how the frauds in science have dated dinosaurs via carbon 14 dating to rule out recent existence.  And after you come up with absolutely jack-squat nothing for all for of these challenges, you can roll them all up, stick them in your little atheist pipe and smoke 'em.
 I hope you don't mind me answering for SP here?  doesn't matter me....the answers will be sorry no matter which evolutionist tries.   So now we have to prove it,   yeap..that's how science works. If you want to call ToE a philosophy based on opinion, then fine....but don't put in textbooks masquerading as fact.    Here's a good one, but the formatting is poorly done. Press ctrl+A to read it.  http://www.dinosauria.com/jdp/evol/lizard.html  don't make me laugh. for one thing lizards have legs that extremely adaptive to environmental conditions. Second, this was not a controlled experiment.   An example is shown above, and more beneficial mutation examples can be found here.  um...you forgot the word "random." Try again.   Mice that had their tails chopped off bred to produce offspring with tails. I assume you remember that experiment?  you need to go back and re-read my recent post called "let's get lamarckism straight." the mice thing was a dishonest experiment of lamarckian inheritance.  You mean these findings? Let's take a look at Mary Schweitzer's (the person who did most of the work) response to the misinterpretation of the data:  who cares what somebody says? I'm asking for a mechanism that would preserve soft tissue for 65 million years. now where is it?   Here's the name and some info. You can find the fossils yourself. Aegyptopithecus  nice try. Show me over at talk origins where they claim this is our common ancestor. I'd also like to see evidence or proof.    http://contradictions.darwin.ws/htree.jpg  lol...and what exactly is the name of that creature leading to homo erectus??? I can't quite read it.  Consider this:"This means that carbon dating can only be used to date things that existed 50,000 years ago or less. It wouldn't be of any help in dating a dinosaur, for instance, because the last dinosaurs went extinct about 65 million years ago."If you think that this looks like helpful evidence, consider what an absence of radioactive carbon-14 means: the object in question is over 50,000 years old (which rules out recent existence).  that's circular reasoning at its finest. I can show you where dinosaurs have been dated at 9,000-15,000 years via carbon 14. don't you think it's odd that they've NEVER been tested by the scientific establishment?...even just for fun? don't you think science would be a little more honest if they did the test just rule out the possibility that dinosaurs are young? I guess not......but my point stands which is that science is full of chickens.  And if we fail to come up with nothing?  yeap...nothing.
You're kidding right? The Liberal democrats are the ones who gave women the right to vote, the liberals are the ones who abolished slavery, the liberals are the ones who gave blacks civil rights. And you know who opposed them? The conservative bigots. The conservative bigots have done so many horrible things that I don't have enough computer memory to list them. THEY advocated slavery, THEY tried to take women's right to vote away, THEY are trying to take away a woman's right to choose, THEY opposed civil rights for blacks and gays, THEY advocate tax cuts for the rich and pretty much want the poor to starve, THEY are trying to legislate christian values into laws. See how many horrible things those anarchists have done? So think next time before you throw "liberal" or "democrat" at our feet like its trash.   May I also add that the Republicans Murdered over 600,000 people plus over 3,000 American kids? Not to mencion the advocating of the death penalty. Its quite funny that you have the nerve to insult Democrats when the Republican's sewer is full of corrupt laws and dead bodies and corperate greed. Shame on you.   er...how did republicans kill 600,000 people and over 3000 kids?   how many people have the atheist communists + abortion rights people killed in the past century? It's no-doubt in the multi-millions. You people evidently have no problem sticking a scalpel in babies heads -- you sick, pathetic freak murderers make me want to throw up.  And your assertion that conservative Christians opposed the abolishment of slavery is absurd. Probably 90% of this country was Christian back in the 1800s. Slavery, along with mistreatment of women and minorities was a world-wide phenomenon that stretch back as far as history will let us see. President Lincoln was a republican. Christians are not perfect, but they have fought all over the world for the end of slavery and the mistreatment of people -- and this continues today. Your statement about wanting poor people to starve simply reflects your blatant dishonesty.
You're kidding right? The Liberal democrats are the ones who gave women the right to vote, the liberals are the ones who abolished slavery, the liberals are the ones who gave blacks civil rights. And you know who opposed them? The conservative bigots. The conservative bigots have done so many horrible things that I don't have enough computer memory to list them. THEY advocated slavery, THEY tried to take women's right to vote away, THEY are trying to take away a woman's right to choose, THEY opposed civil rights for blacks and gays, THEY advocate tax cuts for the rich and pretty much want the poor to starve, THEY are trying to legislate christian values into laws. See how many horrible things those anarchists have done? So think next time before you throw "liberal" or "democrat" at our feet like its trash.   May I also add that the Republicans Murdered over 600,000 people plus over 3,000 American kids? Not to mencion the advocating of the death penalty. Its quite funny that you have the nerve to insult Democrats when the Republican's sewer is full of corrupt laws and dead bodies and corperate greed. Shame on you.   er...how did republicans kill 600,000 people and over 3000 kids?   how many people have the atheist communists + abortion rights people killed in the past century? It's no-doubt in the multi-millions. You people evidently have no problem sticking a knives in babies heads and then sucking their brains out -- you sick, pathetic freak murderers make me want to throw up.  And your assertion that conservative Christians opposed the abolishment of slavery is absurd. Probably 90% of this country was Christian back in the 1800s. Slavery, along with mistreatment of women and minorities was a world-wide phenomenon that stretched back as far as history will let us see. President Lincoln was a republican. Christians are not perfect, but they have fought all over the world for the end of slavery and the mistreatment of people -- and this continues today. Your statement about republicans/Christians wanting poor people to starve simply reflects your blatant dishonesty.
jitobear:   I also agree with other posters - the age of this earth, evolution, etc. are far more miraculous than a some dude with a beard going "POOF I MADE THE WORLD  You know, if I had to believe in a God that was "some dude with a beard going poof I made the world" I wouldn't believe it either. See that's the problem with so many people. They don't give God credit for what He is. For one thing, God is not flesh just like you are not flesh. Oh, sure, you have bones and skin and muscles, but those are not what makes you YOU. You, whatever or whoever that is, is swimming somewhere between those little physical particles in your brain. You are invisible. You are the spiritual entity which controls your physical body. Likewise God is invisible. We are both invisible, spiritual entities. And just like we are able to manipulate our physical lives with thought, God is also able to manipulate the physical with HIS thought. Obviously His ways are different than our ways -- He is the Creator of everything...we are just part of His creation.   And since God thought of, and then created everything around us, this is why He is worthy of your praise -- not your insults. He thought of everything, including you, and then made everything a reality.
What makes us "us" is the neural pattern in our brains. We know this because if you remove or fiddle with parts of the brain, either with chemicals or operating tools, you stop being "you". On the other hand, if you remove something like an abdominal organ or appendage, you are still "you".  Likewise, you would stop being "you" if I hit you over the head with a sledge hammer. What's the difference? Indeed, an engine cannot run without all its physical, working parts...that does not disqualify though, that the spiritual controls the physical.  I've got a lawn mower. If that mower has no gas in it, it will just sit there, not running. However, once someone pours gas in the tank and pulls the cord, walah!...the engine starts and the mower runs. Of Course, if I "fiddled" with the carburetor beforehand, it would not start. This does not disqualify, though, that the mower needs more than its physical parts to start. Your little brain analogy is no different.
The mower is dead if it has no gasoline to run off of. Putting gasoline into the mower and pulling the starter string is no different than jump-starting a human body with a defibrillator. The mower rots slower, so you have several years to decide whether or not you want to put more gasoline in it and start the engine, whereas you only have a precious minute to decide if you want to start a human heart.  Both jump-starting techniques are purely physical. No spiritual activity needed for either one.  lol...you are one deluded person. If you think life is just a matter of all the physical atoms being lined up in the right order you've got a mental problem. LIfe is an act -- it's a verb. It's something that happens...starting with the moment that the egg is fertilzied by the sperm and it swirls around and somehow forms a new life. Science cannot pinpoint exactly what life is and that's because life is not mechanistic. Life is a miracle that cannot be explained by looking at matter. There is, indeed, a "Ghost in the Machine." You are just tainted by all your atheist reading to realize it.
Alternatively, you are biased by your religion. I notice that you have no evidence for your claims except for your claims themselves. On the other hand, we can provide evidence that live can occur based on chemical reactions and mechanical interactions alone.  By the way, this argument you are making looks similar to the arguments that WW has been making recently. Is that a coincidence?  are you saying we are one in the same? How could I pull that off? -- I'm all into creative writing but I could never dream of masquerading as an atheist and a YEC at the same, appearing to be on the same page on many issues. That would be a pretty good trick. Besides that, WW is much more knowledgeable and articulate than I am regarding evolution.
Thats darling and all, but I'd really like to see all of your scientific evidence. It would be interesting to find what lead you to believe in an omnipotent entity that just made everything out of nothing, and I would also like to see your evidence of "you" being an invisible spiritual entity. This is what happens when people of low intelligence can not comprehend the universe's and life's wonders, they try to make it into some weird magic thing happening and the whole world going "poof!" out of nowhere. I do believe in god, but not the god that less intelligent people refer to when trying to comprehend something when they do not posses enough intelligence to do so. If you actually thought about something once in awhile, really meditated deeply on it, you'd find out that the concept of a God is completely illogical, and would go against pretty much all sense for such a being to exist. Especially one that acts like a human (please refer to the bible).   you know I cannot prove God created the world with scientific proof....but neither can you prove the origin of life from non-life with scientific proof.   I would say, however, that the genetic code is a pretty good indication of an intelligent being: common sense says a code of that complexity would require an intelligent sender.
Which would require an even more intelligent "sender," because that first intelligent sender would have to be even more complex, and your logic declares that complex things could only arise from intelligent entities.  Here are the facts: a very complex set of data can arise without any intelligence whatsoever. Just take a look at a beach. The sand is arranged in an incredibly complex pattern, but I doubt a designer was involved.  your example is pathetic. absolutely schoolboy pathetic. I could drop a rock off a cliff and it will go down, too. That in no way invalidates how something as complex as a genetic code should come from an intelligent designer....especially considering random mutations and natural selection have IQs of jack squat.
I hate to burst your bubble, but molecules more complex than DNA form before our own eyes all the time.  please humor me...how does this happen...along with a link? Are you saying that DNA just "formed"?
** Speaking strictly for myself as an evolutionist, and not a creationist, I cannot speak on any other science, but I know beyond doubt that the geneticist, chance-based, 'darwinian' explanation for the fact of evolution is nothing but hokum.  My knowledge of genetics, and biology in general is not sufficient to engage you on this, but I would love to see those here that have that knowledge take you up on this point in a specific debate.  And the answer to question two is that that bogus 'theory' is necessary to the religion of atheism that is founded upon the metaphysic of materialist/mechanist/positivist/physicalist/naturalist ontolology and cosmology.  Any threat to 'darwinism' is, therefore, as much a threat to any atheistic and materialist true-believer's sense of identity as any threat to 'the bible'/torah/koran is a threat to any fundamentalist abrahamic true-believer's sense of identity.  Shake those beliefs and you shake their entire worlds.  WOW. That's one heck of a generalization.   For it to have any merit whatsoever requires that anyone who believes in the theory of evolution is also an atheist. This is clearly not true.   It also implies that all T of E supporters are part of a vast and extremely organized worldwide conspiracy to forward this atheistic agenda. That also is clearly a completely untenable position to hold.  Is that truely the best response to the posed questions that you could come up with?   I look forward to hearing what some other "creationists" here will have to say, though I fear this is about as good as it's gonna get.  Waxy
   Can you imagine if there was even a single, well-designed and executed piece of research that seemed to refute evolution? That researcher would be a rock star  You've got to be kidding. Do you really think that if someone came along and disproved evolution that they'd become a hero? Ha! He'd be laughed at, scoffed at, ridiculed and have eggs thrown at him. Say for instance, if someone showed that dinosaur bones tested at 11,000 years on a carbon 14 test -- which would disprove all evolution if that happend (oh, shoot -- it has happened) -- do you REALLY think science would raise him up as a hero? Do you think science would even bother trying validate that test by doing more? HA! They'd just assume eat their own hands before doing such a thing.  There have been numerous papers submitted for peer review by IDists and they are almost always declined. This is not an accident. The elites in this country have a vest interest in keeping the Darwinian fairytale afloat. A whole atheist world-view hinges on it -- or they think it does.  It's no different in medicine. Do you honestly believe if I learned that a simple plant that can be grown in a backyard could cure cancer that the medical establishment (which is highly darwinian, by the way) would jump up and down and celebrate? HA! At the very least I'd be publically humiliated...at worst I'd be arrested, especially if I cured someone.......and that's because the medical establishment has made it illegal to treat any disease in this country with anything other than FDA approved drugs or surgery. It's all about the money, man.  And likewise it's all about the money in science. The scientists are professionals. They get PAID for their work. They don't get paid to just publically announce "God did it" or "Lamarck was right." These people get grants and get funded by the millions and millions of dollars. Paleontologists get money by the truckload to do digs. That's why coming up with something -- no matter its validity -- is vitally important -- so the money can keep coming in. It's a freaking scam, man -- and you have fallen for it.
LOL. I love the pomp and bluster.   The really fun ones only come along every so often, welcome aboard ww.  ** If by 'theory of evolution' you do not equivocate and actually intend the fact of evolution, but rather, do honestly refer to the chance-based darwinian RMNS notion, then I disagree. I believe that anyone who truly believes in and is committed to promoting the "RMNS" darwinian explanation must be, like Richard Dawkins, "an intellectually fulfilled atheist".  What of the world's millions of Roman Catholics?  The actual process does not have to be guided step by step, only the mechanism by which the process proceeds need be put in place (ie RM+NS) in order to satisfy the theistic evolutionist.   Certainly most people accept 'evolution' per se. The OP stats for the USA, I suspect, apply not to 'evolution' in se, but rather to the darwinian RMNS explanation for it. Whether that is the case or not, there is absolutely no law in science that a person doing a certain job has to pay more than lip service to any metaphysical postulate seemingly required for the job. If RC priests can spend their adult lives saying mass, hearing confessions, and buggering little boys, then its no big deal for biologists, let alone any other scientist, to just pay the required obsequities to RMNS, stuff it on a mental back-shelf, and just get on with what they do everyday.  And this is relevent how?  Those people who are truly committed psychologically to RMNS darwinism are those like P.Z. Myers, Richard Hoppe, Nick Manke(??), Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennet, et al, who constantly evangelise the notion everywhere they can, including message boards like this one, IIDB, Panda's Thumb, and others. And they are all committed atheists. Evangelical atheists.   Every issue has it's end points. They don't affect the reality of what goes on in the middle.  Whether or not you can accept this fact is of no moment to me. It's still a fact.  What fact is that? That SOME of those who believe in the T of E, complete with RM+NS, are staunch atheists? Still doesn't come anywhere near proving your generalizations.  Take a moment on that one.  ** No, it is not. No-one who fits the description I've just given is exempt. And it does not have to be a "conspiracy", since the evangelical atheist movement is actually quite open and unapologetic about their agendum. No conspiracy there.  See above.  I don't see any of those listed above having any influence over the millions of other scientists out there that must be complicit in order for your generalizations to hold water.  "Evangelical atheist", nice term by the way, it's no "truthiness" but it might catch on.  ** It's a hell of a lot more substantive than the rhetorical questions and raised eyebrows that are all you've been able to muster.  ** Well, I suspect that's probably your best, anyway. Come back if you've ever got something real to contribute, waxy.  LOL. If 5 dollar words and misplaced arrogance equals substantive, then you're right, it was a hell of a lot more substantive than my post.  Waxy
The posters who feel the Theory of Evolution has no validity or is "unscientific" have various claims why such an overwhelming majority of scientists (and essentially all biologists) disagree with them.  There are claims of bias, conspiracy, political correctness, etc., though I have yet to understand what would be the incentive to behave that way. In that hundreds or thousands of studies are submitted for acceptance by peer reviewed journals, the lowly junior scientist really can't make a name for herself by adding yet another confirmatory piece of information.  Can you imagine if there was even a single, well-designed and executed piece of research that seemed to refute evolution? That researcher would be a rock star. Oh, certainly the ivory towers might initially pooh-pooh such an upstart. But time and time again, this sort of thing happens in all branches of science - and that is how ideas change about how the world works. Indeed, there is arguably a great incentive to buck the system.   Why then is there not a single piece of research in a peer reviewed journal that supports ID or creationism? The Discovery Institute has oodles of money to start their own journal, but there is simply nothing to put in it. Nor are there enough "peers" to serve on a board.  Anyway, my questions are these:  WW and SS and marc, etc. feel that scientific thought about evolution is highly flawed.  1. Are there any other branches of science (other than evolutionary biology) that you feel are flawed? 2. If not, why do you think that scientists would selectively err in only a single branch of science. What would be their incentive?  #1 - Yes. Other branches of science have been bent to accommodate Darwinian evoluton. That's the only reason they would be flawed. If the evolutionist bible, the 'Origin of Species' isn't involved, then I trust science. As ww said;  Any threat to 'darwinism' is, therefore, as much a threat to any atheistic and materialist true-believer's sense of identity as any threat to 'the bible'/torah/koran is a threat to any fundamentalist abrahamic true-believer's sense of identity.   The 'Origin of Species' is the evolutionist's sense of identity. Shortly after its writing in 1859 to the present day, it spawned a whole new world of ethics and philosophy, and is firmly entrenched in popular culture. Do you not find it strange that nothing in the latest mainstream scientific studies questions or disputes anything in this 150 year old book?  Can you imagine if there was even a single, well-designed and executed piece of research that seemed to refute evolution? That researcher would be a rock star.   Note what's been done to Michael Behe, and you see how stifling dissent has become an art form among evolutionists. Research for evolution is heavily involved with university grant money. As SS said, it's all about the money.  If Darwinian evolution was as secure as it's proponents claim, they simply would not be afraid of comparisons to ID in school classrooms. The deeper discussions about it go, the shakier it gets. As to the tired, misleading references to Catholic beliefs we're seeing here, you'll note that no "theistic evolutionist" (Christian) has finished any discussion with me in this forum. And that no one has accepted my formal debate challange.   http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9402  How about you? :) Or WAXY!! emoticon_xdonno
#1 - Yes. Other branches of science have been bent to accommodate Darwinian evoluton.   Care to provide some specific examples? Even one?  As to the tired, misleading references to Catholic beliefs we're seeing here, you'll note that no "theistic evolutionist" (Christian) has finished any discussion with me in this forum. And that no one has accepted my formal debate challange.   Simply because you label anyone that doesn't share your EXACT beliefs an atheist doesn't make it so.   People don't finish debates with you because it's absolutely pointless, you can't debate a brick wall. The debates are finished, you simply refuse to accept it.  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9402  How about you? :) Or WAXY!! emoticon_xdonno  There's an old saying Marc "Never argue with an idiot, they'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience". emoticon_smile :p   Waxy
Debate with you is pointless. You don't debate. You don't answer questions put to you. You badger. You name call. I would rather eat glass.  WW and SS and marc, etc. feel that scientific thought about evolution is highly flawed.   Then why did you specify me in the OP? Why do you ask me all the following questions?   2 questions:  how do you account for the overwhelming acceptance of evolution?   why is it the other scientists are trustworthy. Do the evolutionary sciences select for a certain type of person.   Does your religious belief have any influence on your lack of acceptance of evolution.   Why shouldn't numerology be allowed in the science classroom?   Since you say I call names, we could have a real simple debate if you like. You copy/paste all the times I've called someone names, and I'll copy paste all the times I've been called names. The one with the most copy/pastes wins. How about if I give you a 5 to 1 ratio on it? I'm a lot more confident I'd win that one, than the 'evolution is atheistic' one. :)
You seem convinced that evolutionary theory is linked to athesim, like a creationist (it's not true, but there you go).  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9402  I'm keeping a list of those who make that proclamation, yet refuse to back it up. Would you like to accept the above structured debate about it, or should I add you as number 7?
marc has no such list. In true creationist form, he is omitting important details because he doesn't like them. His list is simply "people who will not debate me," period. Nevermind that obvious_child, zachvac, and I have all tried to take him up on his offer in the debate proposal forum, no less, yet we're all on his list...  You're good at making assertions, hoping no one will check out the references, aren't you? Here is the list, with details;  1)obvious_child 2)electrolyte  Obvious_child was endlessly taunting me, because there was one thread where I was showing how evolution and atheism reinforced each other. Not only did he succeed in changing the course of that thread, he started other threads about it - this one in particular. Simply check out the first page for the taunts if you don't belive me. (post's 3, 7, & 11 for example) Then came my challange, and it can be seen how these two start out the list.  3)lucaspa. In post #19 in the challange thread he said he wouldn't do it.  4)zachvac. In post 47 of the same challange thread, he said he wouldn't do it without definitions. After I agreed to that, and put definitions in my post #51, he never responded.   5)Waxy. Said no in post #23 of this thread (including personal insults to me)  6)thelmoose. Said no in post #24 of this thread. (including personal insults to me)  7)pandion. Asserted that evolution is not atheistic multiple times in post #43 of this thread - didn't respond when I asked him about the formal debate.   8)ShadowPikachu. Made this statement in post 53 in the "Skull Wars" thread;  Dude, I already won the debate in my post. You said evolution is "atheistic". I'm telling you I am a christian who beleived evolution is fact (along with many other denominations including all of the RC church). We have already invalidated your claim so there is no need for a fruitless debate.   I don't think he's ever heard the axiom: "If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are very good that it is actually a duck".  If it looks like an atheist when it posts, walks around basic Christian concepts as it harmonizes with atheists, quacks about evolution like atheists, chances are very good that it is actually an atheist. Actual Christian evolutionists never seem to make any effort to separate themselves from atheists who don the Christian uniform. It's because they don't actually know enough about the very basics of Christianity to be able to recognize them.  9)GazzaElliot. Said no in post #44 of this thread.   Now we'll watch you sputter with rage as you try to justify your lie.   (darn, I gotta quit feeding trolls, too much fun sometimes emoticon_xangel )
The question 'is evolution atheistic?' is a very different beast from 'is evolution based on atheistic principles?'. To a layman, the former asks whether communicating or teaching evolution, or the ToE, is a denial of the existence of god.   Why don't you pick either one - I'll give you the choice on which one you do the negative on. :)   Now, I'd personally say it isn't, because it's just one of many statements regarding what we can observe and deduce about the natural world. Some might disagree (and have done when discussing the matter with me), claiming that teaching evolution diminishes or belittles god by either removing him from the frame or restricting what he is capable of doing. My response to that is threefold:   First, understanding what god did in no way limits what he could have done: we can measure the height of Everest, the tallest mountain on Earth, without in any way implying that god could not have made a taller one had he so chose.   There's a difference between measuring something here today, and asserting ancient history, with no observers there to see it.   Second, evolution only belittles god if you personally find the idea less impressive than your personal creation story (specifically the parts concerning how living creatures came to be the way we see them now, excluding how life originated). But since it's perfectly easy to invent a creation story more impressive than that in (for example) the bible, the same argument could apply: biblical creation belittles god because it isn't the most impressive creation story possible.   The only creation story that is relevant is the one that is by far the most politically influential in today's western culture. There are several religions that are actually compatable with Darwinian evolution, but they have practically nothing to do with western culture.   All of which begs the question: do you really think god made everything in order to impress us? Once you accept that he did not, the question of how impressive his methods seem to us is exposed as entirely irrelevant, since it is as likely as anything that our appreciation of what is 'impressive' is as flawed as a child's.   Fourth, diminishing or belittling something is not the same as saying it doesn't exist. This is a particularly awkward distinction to accept for those who automatically equate believing in god with worshipping and glorifying him, but it is a valid (if pedantic) point nonetheless. One can be deist or theist without actually liking god.   To "not like God", is a very good first step to later denying his existance, wouldn't you say?  My contention is that the accusation of evolution being atheistic is in reality motivated by the fact that it disputes specific creation stories, not because it says anything on the subject of the existence or non-existence of god.   People who represent it are doing the disputing, and they aren't silent on the existance or non existance of God.    Unless you're prepared to be extraordinarily generous concerning the metaphorical nature of the early bible, evolution (both the observable evidence and the theory developed from it) is rather a-genesis. The generalisation of it being atheistic is prompted less by philosophical accuracy than by a psychologically accurate assessment that more people will sit up and listen and pass laws if you shout about something being 'anti-god' than 'anti-a-particular-interpretation-of-a-story-in-the-old-testament'. The former sounds like a threat to civilisation, whereas the latter makes you sound like a bit of a pedant.   The other question, 'is evolution based on atheistic principles?', is far more subtle. In a sense, any attempt to explain anything about the world around us in naturalistic terms - and certainly the acceptance of the results of such an investigation - could be said to be based on atheistic principles since it involves the following assumption: "If it doesn't look like god did it, god didn't do it", which implicitly elevates naturalistic evidence above faith. However, this (rather extreme) interpretation can be countered by pointing out that the alternative is to deny the use and value of our senses and the brain god gave us to consider what they tell us.  How can we resolve this conflict?   Well, we can start by observing that the assumption above is not the only necessary and sufficient prerequisite for exploring naturalistic explanations. We could just as easily pursue naturalistic explanations for phenomena via the scientific method with a philosophy outlined as follows:  1. God gave us (by whatever method) senses and a brain for a reason, and would not deliberately lie to us through them. 2. As imperfect beings, our understanding of exactly how god works or how he has acted in the past is unlikely to be right first time; we should work to achieve a better understanding since a clearer appreciation of his actual methods is bound to enlighten us.  Evolution (observation and theory) sits equally well with such a philosophy as with one that denies the existence of god. It cannot therefore be said to be 'based upon' atheistic principles, since the implication there is that it would be incompatible with any theistic philosophy.  On a personal note, I think the above is actually quite a nice philosophy. I certainly think that our naturalistic investigations have served to enlighten us, and anything humbling to our ego in the discoveries about our evolutionary past is, if we are honest, nothing more than that: humbling to our ego. And anyway, why should ape-like shared ancestry in any way diminish what we have become? Do we think a pearl less beautiful when we learn its origin, or do we marvel all the more? Do we respect a self-made rags-to-riches millionaire less than the boy handed the world on a plate by his rich and indulgent parents?  The sciences show us that the universe is not a mere handful of thousand years old and already falling apart like last year's Vauxhall Corsa (as YECs would have us believe with their stories of the 'fall' and purely entropic mutation); it is billions of years old and just getting started. The sciences - particularly those concerned with evolution - show us that even though entropy may triumph in the end, order and reason win the only victories that matter.  I'll leave you with this thought: in fields of endeavour such as microchip design, the products of our most ingenious, creative human minds are routinely outdone or improved by the application of simple processes (mutation and selection) we derived from nature. Compare that with point 2. of the philosophy outlined above, proposing that dilligent inspection of god's creation would be enlightening. Just how amazing is this universe, if the operation of its most mundane axioms can outstrip the human intellect; if simply by existing it can produce complexity of which we can scarcely conceive and must struggle to apprehend at all? If just by existing it can produce us?  I'd appreciate it if you would pick one of the two resolutions for me to take the affirmative on. I believe we'd both be "winners". :)
As far as turning this into a formal debate goes, I'd have to go and check out some others, see how the format works and whether it's appropriate. The definition of evolution given earlier is fair enough (if a little broad for our purposes) but I note no such mutually agreed definition was proposed for 'atheist' or 'atheism' or 'atheistic principles', that latter being an especially moveable feast in my opinion.  I'll summarize it for you;  Though the poster 'dsadevil' left without explanation a couple of years ago, he seemed to be the most interested, and most knowledgable on written formal debates. (check some of his threads and posts in the 'debate tournaments' forum) We have recently gone by his guidelines of a 5/4 post structure. The affirmative poster (the one with the burden of proof) gets 5 posts - he begins and ends the debate, he and the negative poster alternate for a total of nine posts. The two participants need to agree on time limits between posts, word limits, and judge approval. On time limits, I think 72 hours is good - keeps the debate from going on more than a few weeks. (Less than that can be difficult for those of us who work for a living.) I'm flexibe on word limits - my preference is for none, but an understanding that a judge will frown on long winded, difficult to read posts.   We used to use three judges, but it has been recently decided by a moderator to use only one. Daewoo had been named as a judge for most debates, but since I've competed with him before, I'm sure that makes it understandable to anyone why he shouldn't be a judge for me. The moderator will have to find one - I think it makes sense to select someone who's posted at these forums for awhile, shows some maturity, and yet shows little interest in the religion / evolution forums. Billsco has been the moderator since dsadevil left, but has recently had some time constraints, so JPSartre12 is the latest moderator. If you accept, the next move will be his to find a suitable judge, subject to both of our approvals. I'm not going to be too picky, but as I said, his or her posting history shouldn't indicate much interest in this subject. Other than coming to an agreement concerning time between posts and word limits, that's about all there is to it.   There have never been any stipulations for 'definitions' in any of the past debates. I'm not completely opposed to it, but it could easily cause a lot of problems, which I outlined in this thread, post # 46;  How is this going to work with multiple resolutions? Am I not permitted to comment on the definitions? If I stray from these "definitons", what happens? Do I forfeit immediately, or are the offending words just deleted right away? Do you alert the judge of my offense, if you and the judge disagree with the extent of my violation, who decides? Since this has never been done before, more questions are likely to come up after the debate has started. How will those questions and decisions interfere with the time limits?   Since I don't think definitions are necessary, I think they are a part of the debate, and they have never been necessary before, it's not my problem to make suggestions about the above issues. I think it's up to the opponent who insists upon them to work with the moderator and decide how my above questions are answered. When I mentioned that to debate rejectors 1, 2, and 4 in my above list, they vacated of course.   But if you insist on definitions, it's probably not going to work out. Evolution can mean everything from changes in organisms in a lawbound way from similar forms, to the whole ideological picture that has been built on evolution. Evolutionists switch them at will - the "Catholics are atheists" strawman that is constantly thrown at me is only one example. It's no wonder they're afraid I might expose it.   Post up when you decide. emoticon_xangel
Hmm. Not work out for who?  Not work out for me - for me to approve it.   I'm frankly hesitant to accept a debate where I might spend 72 hours devising a rebuttal of the statement 'evolution is atheistic' only to have that dismissed on the grounds that you didn't mean 'that kind of evolution'; rinse and repeat three more times.   Likewise, I'm hesitant to accept a debate where I might spend 72 hours showing how evolution is atheistic, only to have that dismissed on the grounds that some preset, non-debatable definition states that evolution simply means "change in allele frequencies over time", and has NOTHING to do with speciation, falsifying the book of Genesis, blind watchmakers, billions of years, rinse and repeat, and dismiss countless times, by a gang of.....nine or so other posters. Can you guess who they would be?  So the solution to the problem seems to be for neither of us to be restricted by auxiliary definitions (as no past formal debate ever has here before) and use words carefully and concisely as possible to convince the reader (or judge, depending on how important that is to you) that you made the best case for your belief, as every past formal debate has here before. Disagreements over word definitions has happened in past formal debates. It all worked out. (against me once, as I recall emoticon_cry )    In particular, 'the whole ideological picture that has been built on evolution' certainly isn't part of any dictionary definition of the word.   Even if that were true, the whole ideological picture has been shortened to the word evolution, and that is how it is used and thought of in society. But it's not completely true - note number 4 in dictionary.com's definition of evolution.   Dictionary.com Unabridged (v 1.0.1) - Cite This Source  ev·o·lu·tion /&#716;&#603;v&#601;&#712;lu&#643;&#601;n or, especially Brit., &#716;iv&#601;-/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[ev-uh-loo-shuhn or, especially Brit., ee-vuh-] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation   -noun 1. any process of formation or growth; development: the evolution of a language; the evolution of the airplane.  2. a product of such development; something evolved: The exploration of space is the evolution of decades of research.  3. Biology. change in the gene pool of a population from generation to generation by such processes as mutation, natural selection, and genetic drift.  4. a process of gradual, peaceful, progressive change or development, as in social or economic structure or institutions.  5. a motion incomplete in itself, but combining with coordinated motions to produce a single action, as in a machine.  6. a pattern formed by or as if by a series of movements: the evolutions of a figure skater.  7. an evolving or giving off of gas, heat, etc.  8. Mathematics. the extraction of a root from a quantity. Compare involution (def. 8).  9. a movement or one of a series of movements of troops, ships, etc., as for disposition in order of battle or in line on parade.  10. any similar movement, esp. in close order drill.   Nine others are afraid of number 4. Without it, the discussion isn't complete.    It's a very short leap from 'built on' to 'relies upon or references', and since the refusal of religious groups to embrace the undeniable fact of evolution has, in effect, handed atheists a huge stick to beat them with, this 'whole ideological picture' sounds suspiciously like atheism. In effect, you're asking me to allow you to define evolution as atheism before we even start. Should I type with my monitor turned off, too? :)   If I define evolution falsely or unfairly, you'll be as free as a bird to point it out.   I think I'd still have a fairly good shot at rebuttal, mind you - monitor on, obviously. Evolution is a fact, up for grabs to whomever wants it. It's your insistence that god's very existence is inextricably bound with a particular creation story falsified by that fact that turns it into ammunition for atheists.   If you believe, as I do, that evolution as it is understood and referred to today includes an alleged falsification of the Genesis creation story, then I don't really see what your problem is with definitions. Many evolutionists, when pressed, will retreat from that and say that evolution only means change in allele frequencies over time, and has no more to do with the book of Genesis than....plumbing.   Whether or not it actually belongs in their hands is therefore contingent upon whether you're right in saying that anti-genesis = atheism.   I believe it does in western culture, the political wars going on in western culture, because that two way battle influences the politics of the entire world more than any other. It's part of the debate.   So, are you asking that we define atheism to include any statement not in agreement with the specific creation story of genesis?  Answer that to my satisfaction and I'll consider taking up the debate.  You can define atheism any way you want, and we'll discuss it. I'm not going to ask for word limits. (counts)
Well, either word definitions have significance or they don't. If you want a debate based on all the dictionary definitions listed earlier, that's fine; what I don't see much point in is a debate involving the ad hoc invention of new meanings or appeals to 'everyone knows...' populist misconceptions.   They work both ways - you could provide examples for your populist miscomceptions, and I would provide examples for what I consider to be populist misconceptions, and we would compare, including the sources and influence. It may not necessarily be the entire discussion.    That's a pretty disingenuous statement, marc. Those who have 'shortened', or as I prefer it conflated the 'ideological picture of atheism' with 'evolution' are principally strict christians such as yourself who have an ulterior motive for spreading that belief. This argument boils down to 'For years now some religious groups have been saying evolution is the same as atheism, and we've said it so long and so loud that enough people believe us to make it true.' I'm not about to debate with you whether vociferous religious equivocation and misrepresentation has succeeded in convincing a largely ignorant public, because we both know that's absolutely true. ;) Whether or not evolution is atheistic has nothing to do with whether a lot of people wrongly believe it to be.   It goes both ways. For years now evolutionists have been saying that evolution is not atheistic, and they've been saying it so loud and long that enough people believe them to make it true. It happens all the time at these forums, and at relatively new websites like talkorigins. I've seen no one thoroughly back it up. Again, we'll both provide examples, and compare the influence of each on society. The judge / readers would be able to decide on that basis.     You can't be serious. You're intending to claim that refers to an agenda of spreading atheism?   That's why the debate could be so interesting. I am serious, and I'll show you why.    Now that's debatable!   That would be part of it too. Won't we have fun?   I confess to being very tempted, if only for s's and g's. Ok, let's see: are you planning to take the affirmative on "Resolved: Evolution is atheistic", or "Resolved: Evolution is based on atheistic principles"? I think I'd prefer the former, as we might as well minimise the number of ambiguous terms we're going to squabble over.   As I said, that's up to you. "Evolution is atheistic" it is then.   If you're amenable, I'd like to request that we exclude weekends from the time factored into the posting schedule, as I very rarely get any opportunity for this sort of thing outside of Monday-Friday. So if it happens that my 72 hours starts on a Friday, I would have until Tuesday midnight to reply. Obviously this arrangement will probably sometimes give you additional time to compose a response.   I have no problem with that at all, and I'm sure the moderator also would not.   This being Friday and my last visit for the weekend, I'll see where we're up to on Monday.  I'll PM the moderator, and encourage him to check around for a judge. I'll suggest that he start a new thread in the challanges section, so we can finalize the details, and hopefully he'll be able to delete troll posts. IMO from here on, they can play in the ringside forum, and quit trying to directly interfere with this.
Well this post is an extention of my conversation about skulls with Peeling. I think this is important enough to start a new thread.  We all know how our evolutionist friends like to make assumptions based on the contour of one's skull. They have historically called Neanderthals and homo erectus brutes and and "sub-human" simply because of their skull shape. Peeling showed me a line-up of skulls from Talk Origins. Here it is for reference: (by the way, this is not a lineage, proven by the fact that they start out with chimps -- we did not evolve from chimps.) These are just different skulls lined up in a pretty line next to each other:  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/hominids.html  But let's look at 9-13 year-old Turnkana boy -- one of the most famous homo erectus fossils, which is supposed to be one of the oldest humans fossils.  http://www.bigfootblog.com/Pictures/TurkanaBoy.jpg  Upon just a quick glance you can tell this person is simply a human being. Evolutionists only look at the shape of his head and then make determinations based on that. What determinations? Well not only do they determine that this person was non-intellectual...but the important thing -- they say he is OLD...maybe up to 2 million years old -- and based on what???? -- well, of course, the shape of his skull.  And it doesn't matter that his remains were found sticking out of the ground along the banks of a dry riverbed....according to evolutionists they can just stick bones anywhere they want along the articifically-created timeline. (I thought bones were dated by depth or strata?)  So this Turkana boy is dated at least 1.5 million years old based on skull morphology. Intestingly look what Richard Leakey says about homo erectus:  One would also see differences: in the shape of the skull, in the degree of protrusion of the face, the robustness of the brows and so on. These differences are probably no more pronounced than we see today between the separate geographical races of modern humans. Such biological variation arises when populations are geographically separated from each other for significant lengths of time.  So let's move on to the next skull -- which is of a "modern" human:   http://www.canovan.com/HumanOrigin/kow/03.jpg  As you can read by the caption below this skull is dated at 12,000 years old.). It seems the oldest radiocarbon dates obtained from the Kow swamp people were dated at 13,000 years, while the youngest were dated at approximately 6500 years. This person lived in Australia, has a skull that's at least as "robust" as Turkana boy or any of the homo erectus or other skulls on that Talk Origins page...yet dating carbon dating shows they are quite young. This makes evolutinists very nervous, epecially considering many people say that the morphologies of kow swamp and homo erectus are quite similar. But the robust morphology of homo erectus was supposed to be replaced by more "modern" humans.  Could it not just be that skull shape is just variation of a theme brought about by local living conditions???? Could it not be that skull shape has nothing to do with when a person lived?? Surely evolutionists don't have the nerve to call these 6,000 year-old kow swamp people "sub-human."...surely they're not calling Kow Swamp people "transitionals!" And could it not be that Kow Swamp was a quasi-variation of homo erectus?   Not according to evolutionists...watch how they operate:  http://archaeology.about.com/library...erms=kow+swamp  Definition: Archaeological site in northern Victoria, Australia, excavated by Alan Thorne in the late 1960s and 1970s, consisting of the burials of forty individuals. The earliest burials at Kow Swamp are dated between 13,000 and 9,500 years ago. Thorne initially believed the robust skulls belonged to Homo erectus--but the dates are far too late for that and the skulls do not match modern understandings of H. erectus characteristics. Researchers today believe that the Kow Swamp skeletons are evidence of changes in human skeletal morphology in the last 10,000 years.   So in otherwords, along with the fact that the skull is not exactly like homo erectus, the real issue is the DATES are too late for this to be homo erectus....because home erectus, of course, lived 1.5 - 2 millions years ago! See how their ciruclar reasoning works? (I actually think this skull looks a bit like the supposed 2+ million year-old homo habils skull)  So this is what it boils down to. Look at what DarwinRefuted.com says:  http://www.darwinismrefuted.com/origin_of_man_05.html  It is now a more pronounced fact in the scientific community that Homo erectus is a superfluous taxon, and that fossils assigned to the Homo erectus class are actually not so different from Homo sapiens as to be considered a different species. In American Scientist, the discussions over this issue and the result of a conference held on the subject in 2000 were summarized in this way:   Most of the participants at the Senckenberg conference got drawn into a flaming debate over the taxonomic status of Homo erectus started by Milford Wolpoff of the University of Michigan, Alan Thorne of the University of Canberra and their colleagues. They argued forcefully that Homo erectus had no validity as a species and should be eliminated altogether. All members of the genus Homo, from about 2 million years ago to the present, were one highly variable, widely spread species, Homo sapiens , with no natural breaks or subdivisions. The subject of the conference, Homo erectus , didn't exist.201  The conclusion reached by the scientists defending the abovementioned thesis can be summarized as "Homo erectus is not a different species from Homo sapiens , but rather a race within Homo sapiens ." On the other hand, there is a huge gap between Homo erectus , a human race, and the apes that preceded Homo erectus in the "human evolution" scenario (Australopithecus , Homo Habilis , and Homo rudolfensis ). This means that the first men appeared in the fossil record suddenly and without any prior evolutionary history.   So, if homo erectus is just variation of a kind...and kow swamp is just variation of a kind...and Neanderthals are just variation of a kind...and Mexicans and Chinese and Russians and Australians are just variation of a kind........from what did we evolve from? If homo erectus and all those other homo skulls at hominids2.jpg are just a variation of homo sapien......then the concept of human "evolution" is falsified and the gap between humans and apes is indeed as wide as the Atlantic Ocean....and there is nothing linking them. Not only that but there is absolutely NO justification in saying that homo erectus is 1.5 - 2 million years old. None.  And not only that....what you have to remember is these skulls are extremely old. Evolutionists claim them to be hundreds of thousands of years old. Of course they are not that old, but they are old...and fragile...and weathered...and pieced together....and include parts that are not original parts. Not only that, but most of these skulls don't even have a lower mandible, which makes them look even more freakish.....if we had whole skulls and a whole skeletons to go with them, it would be pretty obvious which are apes and which are humans.....and there would be nothing in between.  Finally...and I can't get into this now...but in a later thread I'll show how there are perfectly good non-evolutionary explanations as to why older homo sapiens had different shaped skulls than we do now. Skull shape has nothing at all to do with darwinian selection or random mutations and it has everything to do with diet and lifestyle. This is a huge subject so it will have to wait.   By the way -- where are the carbon dating results for homo erectus? I'd like to see those.
Question at the back here: Why would you carbon date something you thought was over a million years old?  What does "thinking" something is old have to do with science? I think evolutionists are moronic....I think the Chicago Cubs will win the World Series next year....I think McDonalds serves crappy food. Does thinking these things make them valid?...  the point is that Kow Swamp people have just as robust skulls as do homo erectus -- yet Kow Swamp people were dated via carbon 14 and shown to be only a few thousand years old -- why not test erectus as well?  Can you say "CHICKENS"???
pandion:   Since you pretend to be speaking from a position of authority, one hopes that you have actually done some research, otherwise you are being dishonest.  I know what I'm talking about.   Actually, if you know what you are talking about even a quick glance will tell you that you are wrong. Of course, paleoanthropologists who study such fossils do more than take a quick glance at it.  I gave you the name and a thumbnail...if you aren't bright enough to go look at a bigger picture than I can't help you.   Absolute balderdash. While much can be determined from the head, "evolutionists" actually look at all of the fossil material available.  If you died today near a big rock would it be fair to date you at what that rock is dated at? Of course not. And by the way...parts of turkana boy were found on top of the ground.    Is your ignorance intentional? You've never heard of erosion?  So this Turkana boy is dated at least 1.5 million years old based on skull morphology.   Nope. It is dated to about 1.6 mya based on the date of the stratum in which it was found. The actual dating was done by radiometric dating of various rock samples (volcanic) from above and below the fossils, and by stratigraphic studies. The shape of the skull was not a factor in the dating.  then why the heck did talk origins line those stupid skulls up by the way they LOOK???? ARe you seriously telling me that they lined them up by what strata they found them in? Surely you're not that dumb. Many of the fossils scientists find are partially exposed -- just like turkana boy was -- otherwise they'd never find them.   Sloppy. May be you are lying and Richard Leakey never said that.   Brother...you are sick. Why would I lie about homo erectus being a human being? Think about the name: "Homo Erectus"...it means upright human...which implies that it's the first one....he was also the first to use tools and migrate all over the freaking world.   There are no upright apes. Get your dang facts right. homo erectus is a human being.  http://www.answersingenesis.org/tj/v14/i1/cranial.asp    How do you know that Leakey is not claiming that H. erectus skulls are not within the range of normal human variation (since they are not)?   Who said there is a "range?" The reality is erectus skulls are smaller because the people were SMALL -- like 5.0 - 5'5 tall, XXXXX. The other thing is homo erectus skulls are almost identical to Neanderthal skulls -- just smaller. They've often been referred to as "little Neanderthals".    As for the actual fossil that you claim is just "simply a human being." Let's start at the top. The vault of the KNM-WT 15000 (Turkana Boy or Nariokotome Boy) is much lower and smoothly curved, unlike modern humans (even those that you and Harun Yahya point to).   There are non-evolutionary explanations for skull morphologies. You just don't know it yet.   This, of course, reflects the smaller brain size of KNM-WT 15000, about 880 cc. At adulthood that would have been about 910 cc, larger than australopiths but smaller than the 1350 cc average for modern humans. The forehead is low and sloping with a strong brow ridge, less pronounced than earlier specimens (and even Neandertal, for that matter) but more pronounced than in modern humans. Of course, in adulthood, the brow ridge would have been even more pronounced. The face is narrow and long with the with the lower face and the jaw protruding forward. The teeth are quite human like except that they show developmental range that is not typical of modern humans. The chin is receding, actually absent. The post cranial skeleton is of modern size although there are marked differences from modern humans (as anyone with a lick of knowledge can tell). The vertebrae have longer spines than is typical. The spinal canal is more restricted, which would limit the room for a spinal cord large enough to control the complex breathing necessary for speech. The rib cage is quite narrow at the top and broad at the bottom, similar to the physiology of the australopiths. Modern humans have a rib cage that is quite broad at the top and less conical. The arms are longer relative to modern humans. The pelvis is quite narrow. The extreme narrowness of Turkana Boy's seems to indicate a male since the birth canal would be much too narrow even the smaller head of this species. Other fossils of similar age and morphology found in the same area indicate the broader pelvis of a female. The neck on the femur is elongated when compared to modern humans. This would make KNM-WT 15000 quite a fast runner.  If you look at that skeleton, it is obviously human. The skull has reasons for looking like it does. I'll have to get to that later.   How ignorant does anyone have to be to not be aware that carbon dating is not appropriate for dating H. erectus? It is wrong for two reasons; the fossils are too old and they are rock. You can't date rocks with carbon dating.  How do you KNOW the bones are old? Just because someone says they are? ARe you really that stupid to not understand? Just because they are presumed old does not make them be. Just because it would destroy ToE if they are young is no reason not to date them. And just because you say they are "rock" is ridiculous. Dinosaurs have been dated with carbon 14 and have shown a date of less than 15,000 years....and besides that, fossilization can happen quite rapidly. Petrified wood can petrify in just a few years. The whole thing is an atheist scam here and the atheists are too scared to back themselves up by ruling out that erectus was young.  And by the way.....  http://redrival.com/evolusi/humevol5.htm  In the past, Homo erectus and Neanderthal Man were depicted as subhuman beasts; now everyone admits that they are very similar to modern humans. Because HY had considered australopiths were not bipedal and just extinct apes, this similarity led him into concluding that humans appear suddenly in the fossil record, a clear indication for a special act of creation, detaching humans from apes     http://www.gla.ac.uk/hunterian/collections/museum/hominid/oldsite/Sect2/guid13.4.html   The first true humans  The first widespread form of early man was Homo erectus.   Evidence of Early Human Occupation in England  http://archaeology.about.com/od/homoerectus/a/pakefield.htm  and if you can get passed the stupid racial depiction...take a look at this site:   Homo erectus (or the various species which may be subsumed under that appellation) are extremely important in the study of modern human origins. The Middle Pleistocene is where the modern human postcrania develops, the modern cranial features begin to develop, and significant increases in brain size occur. It is also important because many behavioral changes occur in this time period, e.g., much more developed lithic industries, the controlled use of fire, regular meat-eating, hunting, etc. This is where the things most people consider "human" start to develop to the point where most people would recognize these pattern of anatomy and behavior as human. This is also a dynamic time in the evolutionary perspective caused by these species, with the recent well-dated Dmanisi remains in the Republic of Georgia, dated to 1.7 myr.   http://www.archaeologyinfo.com/homoerectus.htm
Show me when this has happened and I'll give you a lollipop. It's like using a pregnancy test kit to check for dry rot.  What I don't understand is how you've managed to read so much about this subject with none of the facts actually sinking in.  here's one.........there's more.  keep your silly lollipop.
As a matter of fact, yes. That's why the evidence is so compelling.  Skull B: dated using "Cosmogenic aluminum-26 and beryllium-10 burial dates" Skull C: dated using faunal correlation (if you find fossil 1 and fossil 2 together in the same undateable strata, but know from previous finds that fossil 2 occurs in dateable strata elsewhere, you can estimate the age of fossil 1. If there's also a fossil 3 and 4, you can narrow down the estimate to the known period of overlap between those species) Skulls D, E, F, G, H: dated determined by Stratigraphic, faunal, paleomagnetic & radiometric data Skull I: Stratigraphic, faunal & amino-acid racemization data Skulls J and K: Stratigraphic, faunal & archaeological data Skull L: Couldn't track down this info; sorry. Maybe someone else can help fill in the gap. Skull M: Stratigraphic & faunal data.  As you can see, in most cases several different dating methods were used, to obtain as much confirmatory evidence as possible about the age of the specimens. That's the kind of care and attention to detail you get when your work has to survive peer review before it gets published.  Arranged by morphology or arranged by date, you get the same sequence.  I await most eagerly the apologetic retraction of your earlier incredulous criticism.   But we did not descend from chimps....so how does that fit into your model? And I'd be willing to be that most of these skulls were dated by the rocks surounding them at the time of death. Most of these bones were probably found at or just below the surface of the ground.  I can't get anyone to answer -- would it be fair, if you croaked today next to a rock, to date you by the date given to that rock? What if that rock dates 3 million years old?
 Actually, it is quite apparent that you do not. For one glaring example, below you incorrectly state that a dinosaur fossil has been dated by C-14. Another example of you lack of understanding of the topic is your failure to understand why very old fossils are found on the surface and the principles of dating from geologic strata.  Quite honestly....you are so immoral and so unable to tell the truth I have no desire to even attempt to debate you. You can just sprew lies like they are nothing. I've already given you a link that shows how dinosaurs have been dated with radiocarbon at just a few thousand years old. Here it is and more.  http://www.theforbiddenknowledge.com/hardtruth/carbon_14.htm  http://www.blacksheepbistro.com/dinodatingpage.htm  http://www.orgsites.com/oh/evoution-is-a-myth/_pgg1.php3  Bone fragments from the 30 ft. long Acrocanthosaurus dinosaur, excavated by members of CEM (creation Evidence museum) of Glen Rose TX and CRSEF of Columbus OH. Were subjected to the radiocarbon dating process at three different laboratories. The table below lists these dates and those of four other samples from four separate excavations of other dinosaurs; three came from the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh PA. The dates ranged from about 9,890 to 36,500!     Another simple example can be found at Laetoli in Tanzania. The site is not far from the Olduvai Gorge. Just below the surface there is a layer of volcanic ash, known as a tuff. It is one of many in the area that are used to date fossils. Volcanic ash is an ideal stratum for radiometric dating (but not carbon 14 dating). The volcanic ash at Laetoli has been dated to 3.7 million years, and the tuff above it to less than 3.7 million, and the one below it to more than 3.7 million. Thus, fossils found below that layer are older than 3.7 million years, and fossils found above it are younger than 3.7 million years. Do you understand why that is true, SS? It's a simple geologic concept; deeper layers are older than the layers on top of them.  If you think fossils can be accurately dated in volcanic ash you've got a screw lose. The dating of objects in the wake of Mount St Helens should have shown you that.  http://dlinde.nl/schepping/Excess%20Argon%20at%20Mount%20St_%20Helens.htm  The conventional K-Ar dating method was applied to the 1986 dacite flow from the new lava dome at Mount St. Helens, Washington. Porphyritic dacite which solidified on the surface of the lava dome in 1986 gives a whole rock K-Ar 'age ' of 0.35 ± 0.05 million years (Ma). Mineral concentrates from the dacite which formed in 1986 give K-Ar 'ages 'from 0.34 ± 0.06 Ma (feldspar-glass concentrate) to 2.8 ± 0.6 Ma (pyroxene concentrate). These 'ages 'are, of course, preposterous. The fundamental dating assumption ('no radiogenic argon was present when the rock formed ') is questioned by these data. Instead, data from this Mount St. Helens dacite argue that significant 'excess argon 'was present when the lava solidified in 1986. Phenocrysts of orthopyroxene, hornblende and plagioclase are interpreted to have occluded argon within their mineral structures deep in the magma chamber and to have retained this argon after emplacement and solidification of the dacite. The amount of argon occluded is probably a function of the argon pressure when mineral crystallization occurred at depth and/or the tightness of the mineral structure. Orthopyroxene retains the most argon, followed by hornblende, and finally, plagioclase. The lava dome at Mount St. Helens dates very much older than its true age because phenocryst minerals inherit argon from the magma. The study of this Mount St. Helens dacite causes the more fundamental question to be asked-how accurate are K-Ar 'ayes 'from the many other phenocryst-containing lava flows world-wide?  Anyway, in that volcanic tuff lots and lots of footprints of various animals have been found. Thus, we know that those footprints are 3.7 years old.  and you're the King of England.   So this Turkana boy is dated at least 1.5 million years old based on skull morphology.   Peeling has already done a nice job of pointing out your foolishness here. But, yes, the skulls are lined up according to the dates of the strata in which they were found. Talk origins lined them up that way because they show the historical progression of fossils that illustrates the transition from very ape-like, to more and more human-like.  The heck they are. All you guys have to do to claim that is to claim "erosion."....Even if a stupid fossil is laying on top of the ground. So in otherwords, if it's deep under the ground you're covered as well as if the fossil is laying on top of the ground -- like many dinosaur fossils are. Not only that but there are hundreds -- thousands -- of these skulls and they're spread out all over the globe -- Europe, Asia, Africa etc. If you think each and every one of these skulls was found in some sort of corresponding layer of the earth, you are one gullible sucker. The skulls that T.O. lined up were not found in a perfect line of strata, all they've done is line up the skulls as their pre-conceived notion tells them they should be lined up....nothing more. I'd be willing to be that the majority of fossil finds are found at or just below the surface....and the only thing you can then claim is that the mysterious soil must have eroded....which proves once again that your "proof" is unseen.   The remark was made about you lying about Richard Leakey making that statement. You don't actually know that he ever said such a thing. You are allowing yourself to be duped by your fundamentalist Muslim master. You never read that book and actually have no idea of what Leakey was saying. Using out of context quotes, especially when you rob them from other fundamentalist Muslim creationists, isn't honest.  Duped, XXXX...I've got his stupid book, where he starts out talking how he was walking in a dry creekbed and looked down saw a dang 2-3 million year old skull staring at him. Right.    I am perfectly aware of what Homo erectus means. However, you again reveal you ignorance. The name doesn't imply that H. erectus was the "first one" (whatever that means). Nor was he the first to use tools. There are older examples of H. habilis, H. rudolfensis, and H. ergaster.   I gave you the links. I noticed you didn't read them. One evolutionist link was even titled "the first real humans" or something like that.    Another cognitive disconnect? Since no body mentioned apes your comment appears quite bizarre. Moreover, H. erectus isn't a "human being" because human beings are called Homo sapiens.  that's according to you and the other racist atheists who have to label people based on contour of their skulls.   I'm done...you're exhausting and debating you is a waste of time because not only do you not know what you're talking about but you seem have no problem at all being blantantly dishonest.
We won't miss SleazySport.  I'm not going anywhere...nice try. It's amazing how Pandion can insist that dinosaurs have never been dated via carbon 14 when I have shown him the links that they have. I have no desire to debate such dishonesty.
where is your evidence that we did not descend from primates? of course we did.  oh, well that settles it. Gee, why didn't I think of that?  My evidence is there is no proof in the fossil record -- no common ancestor -- and there is no molecular evidence that it's even possible.  (by the way, read better next time -- I said we did not evolve from chimps.)
Pandion: Apparently you don't know much about fossils or fossilization. First, the "datings" that you referenced were the work of Carl Baugh, a fraud.   Nice slander with no proof.   Second, fossils of the age of the specimens that Baugh claims to have dated would no longer have any organic material remaining.  They would if the carbon registered at the University of Arizona carbon 14 test -- which they did.    It would have been replaced by minerals many millions of years ago in a process known as fossilization.   It would if had worked out for you -- but it obviously did not. I've shown you the ORIGINAL COPY from the University of Arizona before.  Thus, any fool knows that you can't take pieces of fossil, that is essentially rock, and carbon 14 date them.   It was not "rock."....I've shown you before that there are unfossilized dinosaur soft tissue...I can also shown unfossilized eggs. For you to say that this dinosaur's bones were fossilized "rock" is a statement based on ignorance: you weren't there and thus you don't know. And since the carbon test detected carbon it was not completely fossilized.   You see, carbon 14 dating can only be used on organic material, and since all of the original carbon is gone, what is being dated is modern contamination of the specimens by modern carbon. That could come from Mr. Baugh's hands when he handled and scraped the fossils, or it could come from the shellac used to preserve them. It's not the first time that an anti-evolutionist has taken a fossil and had it dated without proper preparation.   How can you say that without any proof of such? Why do you not question every other test done on rocks and animals done by evolutionists? Maybe they were all tainted as well. The fact that science won't even TRY to test dinosaurs or homo erectus is quite telling: it tells the average person that they're good-for-nothing.  Another possibility is that one of your links is correct and that there are kerogenous hydrocarbons in the Haversian canals. My bet is, simplesort, that you don't know what that says. Well, I'll tell you. Kerogens are organic molecules that make up a portion of the organic matter in sedimentary rock. That these kerogenous hydrocarbons fill the Haversian canals indicates that they were not part of the original organism. That means that they were carried there by water. Thus, they are not appropriate for carbon 14 dating the fossil since there is no way to determine when these foreign carbon compounds were deposited there. The dating, even if done properly, will return bogus dates.  You are so desperate, it's hilarious. You'll grasp at any straw.    So the "dating" isn't legitimate since it isn't the "dinosaur" that was dated. Let me again point out the wide range of dates from the same sample or samples from the same fossil. When date ranges are that great then it should raise a red flag that something is wrong. The first suspect is contamination. Let me again point out to you that you can't date rocks with carbon 14, not even coal. To do so and represent any results as meaningful is dishonest and those who accept such dates uncritically are dupes.  wide range of dates occurs with virtually every test on every sample. That's part of the game. The fact that there was obviously carbon still left in the bones is the whole point.
Electo-liar:  Well hot damn, sport, get with the times. Even the lying imbeciles at AiG advise that Baugh's argument not be used. They certainly don't explain why, which should tell you something more. Be sure to see this page written by an AiG member ripping Baugh a new one on all sorts of stuff. Translation: Baugh's a fraud, and even the creationists know it; they know it so much that they're trying to distance themselves from him.  And what does Paluxy tracks have to do with being a liar? If AIG does not believe the tracks should be used as evidence does not mean that Baugh is a liar. what exactly did he LIE about?   U of AZ tested what they got; they can't prevent prior contamination. Considering that Baugh not only is a fraud but also is stupid enough to shellac the fossil before testing it, do you seriously think that he kept all of them contaminant-free? You do have faith![/QUOTE]  you have yet to prove he is a liar and a fraud. Please show me exactly what he LIED about and or what he purposefully falsified...if you cannot do this then you are a slanderer and a liar.  http://www.worldbydesign.org/research/c14dating/datingdinosaurs.html
Well based on your reply, Pandion, it is obvious that your only defense is that:  1) the man in question is a liar  2) that he deliberately falsifies bones for testing  2) that he's an idiot  3) that the samples that he submitted were tainted  4) that creationist websites dupe people   It doesn't matter which one it is, pandion throws them all out there so something will stick. Pandion...you don't know jack XXXX. The fact is we are dealing with an atheistic scientific community who are a bunch of chickens. They have no problem dating some skulls (which are found at or near the surface of the ground) via carbon 14 but they have a BIG problem dating other skulls found at or near the top of the ground via carbon 14. They have no problem dating Neanderthals, but simply will not date homo erectus -- and it's ONLY because of the contour of their skull. And the fact is, Neanderthal and homo erectus skulls look VERY similar, the only difference being size....so to say one is maybe 2 million years older than the other without TESTING it is ridiculous.  But this is just a symtom of atheism. Likewise the atheists scientists are so dishonest they won't even bother trying to date dinosaurs via carbon 14....and their reason??? -- "they're too old!" Hey Pandion....what if a big guy who was 6'6, wore a red hat, carried a sawed off shotgun, drove a blue 1967 Ford Mustang walked into a bank and robbed it -- but left finger prints on the counter.....and then the police tracked down a person who drove a blue 1967 Mustang and he happened to live in the area and the police searched his house and found a red hat and a sawed off shotgun? ....and then attempted to fingerprint him....but then his wife proclaimed "Oh, He didn't do it...he's too nice to do something like that." Should the police just say "Ok, well then let's not fingerprint him -- it's obviously not him."  You're stupid logic is no different.  But see atheists do the same thing with animals. They refuse to test heritability of new traits by moving animals to new locations -- and that's because they are dishonest. It's no different -- it's the symptom of the same cause : atheistic dishonesty -- and it's rampant in this world, starting with the dishonesty by atheists on this forum who defend such dishonesty.
What does atheism have to do with it?   What does atheism have to do with it?  What does atheism have to do with geneitcs, paleontology, fossilization, or radiometric dating. You are making yourself look like a fool.  Haven't you heard? Evolution is atheistic.  Originally Posted by GazzaElliott  You seem convinced that evolutionary theory is linked to athesim, like a creationist (it's not true, but there you go).    http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9402  I'm keeping a list of those who make that proclamation, yet refuse to back it up. Would you like to accept the above structured debate about it, or should I add you as number 7?   Shall I add you as number 8? __________________
Boy, you're delusional. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xdonno  So YOU would be number 7 then? :p
 But then, I have read some of your other posts, and see no need to argue against something that so easily contradict itself.   Then it would be an easy win for you, right?   That's a little different than most of what the others say though. Most of them claim that I'm dishonest with things like definitions, etc. yet they never explain why they wouldn't be able to expose that in the debate, and convince a judge of it . They don't, because they're afraid they can't, and they're far more concerned with a ~win~ than they are about a good ~discussion~. It harmonizes with national atheist feelings, the constant court blockings of ID ~discussions~ in education.   I think more people might debate it with you if it was YOU who backed up your proclamation, as the burden of proof is on you, not us.  I would back it up, in the debate. Do I have to show how I would back it up before the debate, and have 10 angry atheists insulting me first?
**  I could be wrong about this, but I do not remember any of the world's religions, christian or whatever else, including the RC Church, claiming that "God", whatever shape or form is attributed to that "God", went about creating the universe, the universe's rational laws and regularities, life, and life's many forms, by an unintentional, purposeless, directionless, accidental, inexplicable, whimsical series of spontaneous acts of random chance, and with a carefree lack of control.   Last I heard, the universe and all it contains may not be intentional in its particulars, but is definitely believed to be so in its general rules, by all religious groups.  Evolution as an historical process that led from a few progenitors, through many extinct forms, to thiose forms we see today, including the human form, is a fact accepted by most people, including the RC Church. Only fundamentalists of the abrahamic persuasion refuse to accept it and and accept that the myths of Genesis are that and only that. BUT no church, except the unofficial church of materialist atheism, insists that that historical process is nothing but a series of anomalous random accidents that 'just happened, that's all'. Holding that all of what 'is', is meaningless, beyond what little meaning there is in immediate and proximate sensations.
Fortunately, evolution/natural selection does NOT involve anomalous random accidents, so you seem to be speaking of some otehr concept here (not sure what it is).  ** I have no idea what mechanism/explanation you favour wrt biological evolution, but if it is the Random, spontaneously generated, coincidental to organismic need, plus local, accidental, cull by chance environmental factor "Natural Selection" notion, then here's a surprise alert for you--you believe in a notion that is intrinsically and essentially chance-based, that is, a notio9n that not only involves random accidents, but one that involves nothing but random, local, and anomalous accidents. There are no universal forces , such as gravity, electro-magnetism, weak and strong molecular forces, attached to your, "Natural Selection". Time for you to wake up and smell the coffee. RMNS is nothing better than a childish superstition.
Pandion:  What is the big deal about your at or near the surface XXXX. Why don't you actually make an effort to learn why. I've asked before but you never answer. Do you know what erosion is?  Why is it that it takes scientists using high-tech tools to remove the rock that seems to be glued to the skulls, yet you seem to think that erosion will take these rocks off and strip the skulls bare?   My point is that most all skulls and body parts are found at or near the surface of the ground....thus there is no honesty in saying they are dated by the "strata."    No. It has nothing to do with the shape of the skull. The H. erectus skulls are esentially rocks.   how do you know that? Paleontologists don't even get to see them! They're locked away in a vault somewhere. All they have to go on is pictures and cheap plastic casts.  All of the organic material has been replaced by minerals.   you don't know that either. Prove it.  That is not true of Neandertal skulls, which are much younger.   how do you know? You haven't dated erectus....  Not only is there still organic material remaining, they have been able to extract mtDNA (8 times I think) from various Neandertal specimens.   well obviously the scientists doing the tests were XXXXXX and dishonest and the skulls were tainted. The tests don't count.  And the fact is, Neanderthal and homo erectus skulls look VERY similar, the only difference being size  Actually, they don't.   Actually they do:  The most famous of the Homo erectus specimens found in Africa is the fossil of "Narikotome Homo erectus ," or the "Turkana Boy," which was found near Lake Turkana in Kenya. It is confirmed that the fossil was that of a 12-year-old boy, who would have been 1.83 meters tall in adolescence. The upright skeletal structure of the fossil is no different from that of modern man. The American paleoanthropologist Alan Walker said that he doubted that "the average pathologist could tell the difference between the fossil skeleton and that of a modern human." Concerning the skull, Walker wrote that he laughed when he saw it because "it looked so much like a Neanderthal."198 As we will see in the next chapter, Neanderthals are a modern human race. Therefore, Homo erectus is also a modern human race.   http://www.jackcuozzo.com/brokenhill.html  What then is the explanation for the Neanderthal-like morphology (bony characteristics) of the skull? Some say that the features are like modem Homo sapiens in some areas. (7) Campbell, in 1964. labeled it Homo sapiens rhodesiensis.(8)    and this original link that shows how it's skull is "stangely similar" to Neanderthal.  http://www.amendez.com/Early%20Man%20Seminar%20Poster/EMSP%20Rhodesian%20Man-text.pdf     Neandertals, H. neanderthalensis, had an average brain size that was slightly larger than modern man. The shape of the skull is quite distinctive. Anyone who has actually looked at the skulls with just a little knowledge can see that they are quite different.   I just proved that wrong.    However, that is not to say that a H. erectus like being was not ancestral to the Neandertals, just as such a being was ancestral to modern humans, in both cases through some other transitional species. For example, H. heidelbergensis shows a mixture of characteristics between H. erectus and the Neandertals. Fossils of this type have been found in both Europe and Africa. They are around 400,000 years old. They have a larger brain than H. erectus, generally more pronounced brow ridges, a less projecting face, and seem to be developing the occipital bun that is typical of Neandertals.  The skulls are quite similar, save size. This is not enough of a difference to not date them with carbon 14.
I think his point is that because the difference is hard to detect (by his standards), it can't exist. Of course, he probably doesn't want that logic applied to God...   SS link/assertion:Therefore, Homo erectus is also a modern human race.   Pandion: Intentional ignorance is so laughable.  http://www.utexas.edu/courses/wilson/ant304/projects/projects97/weimanp/fossils.html   Most paleontologists now believe that a second evolutionary pulse occurred around 1.9 million years ago that produced hominids with much larger brains, Homo erectus. were the first hominids to not just be human-like, but human. They were hunters, speculates Milford Wolpoff of the University of Michigan, and likely had the ability of some sort of speech, due to an enlarged Broca's area on their skulls. The face has protruding jaws, no chin, thick brow ridges, and a brain size ranging from 750 to 1225 cc. The skeletons are more robust than those of modern humans. Erectus likely had a very efficient walking style, and probably used fire as well. In addition, their stone tools are much better than those of habilis. Some of the most famous early archaeological finds were skeletal remains of Homo erectus, including the 1893 discovery "Java Man", the "Heidelberg Marn", the "Peking Man", and the "Turkana Boy" shown in the picture on the right. Erectus also turned out to be the creater of many of the stone tools and Chellean handaxes found at the Olduvai site by the Leakeys, the so-called "Chellean Man". Erectus was likely the first hominid to spread across the world, as the migrated to China by 800,000 years ago and to Europe by 500,000. However, by 300,000 years ago they were to be replaced by a new hominid - Homo Sapiens.   checkmate, losers.  now tell me again...what is the transitional species between homo erectus (HUMANS) and apes.....  and don't forget:  http://www.mnh.si.edu/anthro/humanorigins/ha/a_tree.html (they don't know either.)
pandion :  But your quote says that you are wrong. Didn't you read it? It explains the characteristics that make H. erectus not a modern human being.  Then why do they call it HUMAN???  Homo erectus. were the first hominids to not just be human-like, but human.   This contradicts what you just said. You are either a fool or just flat-out dishonest. Maybe both. And by saying "modern" human being you are playing with words. I could say Elvis was not a "modern" human. The reality is, homo erectus was shown to use fire, manufacture tools, and migrate all over asia, europe and africa.    Without understanding and the ability to read with comprehension, you don't have a chance to avoid making yourself look like a fool.  that is ironic.   Then you aren't worried about the transitional species between H. erectus and modern humans? Why not?   Nope...they're all human...plus these are simply different humans that were located in different parts of the world. They may have all even existed at the exact same time.   What about H. ergaster, which is the more common classification of Turkana Boy (KNM-WT 15000)?   what about it? Its a human.   You told us that Turkana Boy was a modern human, and yet it had several characteristics that differ from H. erectus, and the fossils of H. ergaster are generally older than those of H. erectus. Has Turkana Boy now become non-human? And what about H. antecessor and H. heidelbergensis, with characteristics intermediate between H. erectus and H. neanderthalensis?  they're all human.  As for transitional species between an ancestral ape (if one presumes that ancestral species that were bipedal were not apes), there are several. Australopithecus anamensis was bipedal and yet had teeth like an ape.   that's an ape....NOTHING like a human.  And Au. afarensis is well known as bipedal, with arms not as long as the apes. And then comes the evolutionary bush of a variety of species that includes Au. africanus, and Au. garhi in the more gracil group, and Paranthropus aethiopicus, P. crassidens, P. robustus,   apes   and P. boisei. The robust forms seem to have been dead ends some time after 2 million years ago, while the gracile forms seem to have led to Homo rudolfensis and H. habilis,   apes...besdides that...you have absolutely no proof that any of these creatures lead to others. NONE.   and finally through H. habilis or some similar species to H. ergaster   We've been through habils....the fact is, there may have been some human remains mixed in with the ape bones, which included a grapefruit-sized skull.....these remains were collected from a large area and all attributed to the same beast. This is unfounded and the evolutionary community knows it -- which is why all those links I gave you say it's questionable at best, and at worst a flawed taxon. Not only that but there are only just a few parts of this creature -- a pieced-together skull...and some random body parts collected from numerous locations. If this is your transitional, you are in trouble.   and H. georgicus.  I don't know about that    But they were all transitional species, showing a mixture of characteristics between ape-like and human-like.   no they aren't. Why aren't they listed on that phylogeny tree, then as being direct ancestors to homo erectus? Why the question marks?
pandion: But H. erectus was not the same species. It was not H. sapiens, and in fact, not H. sapiens sapiens, which is the modern human. In fact, H. erectus was not even archaic human.  This is all fairytale based on nonthing but wild imaginations. Homo erectus was every bit as human as you are. Just because scientists call it a different "species" doens't make it be.  Nope...they're all human...plus these are simply different humans that were located in different parts of the world. They may have all even existed at the exact same time.  It's nice that you just claim anything you want without any evidence for it.  just like you don't have any evidence that homo erectus is a different "species." The reality is, I can -- and will -- show that head, face, jaw, and skull features are shaped and molded by diet and environment. hang tight.    That's the beauty of creationism, you get to make it up as you go.  It's the other way around.   But (homo erectus) different in important characteristics like brain size.  So what? It was smaller in stature too. Of course it's going to have a smaller brain. Just like neanderthals had larger brains because their bodies were much bigger and denser. Are you less human than neanderthal because your brain is smaller?   Actually, it is very ape-like, except that it was bipedal and the dentation differed from apes. It was more human-like.  bi-pedal...even if it were true -- which is highly questionable....does not make a monkey/ape a human.    Some very human like apes in that bunch.  how would you know?? you can't see their skeltons.   Only XXXXXX talk about proof in a scientific context.   science should be about proof. Anything else is philosophy.   They are transitional species between an ape-like ancestor and modern humans, just as H. erectus was.  No they're not.
But if Neaderthalls, who are a lot more physiologically similar to humans have been shown to be a seperate species through examining DNA, why would you expect Homo Erectus to be a human? Surely you don't doubt paternity tests and DNA testing in general - at the very least, isn't there the possibility for them to be a seperate species, afterall a lot of creatures look very similar but are infact different species.   There has been a lot of cases where examining the features has placed too organises within the same genus (group of species) and DNA testing has since shown them to be completely different things. Examples I'm thinking of are spiders mainly, but I think there are a few more complicated ones.  don't believe what you hear. Just because science calls Neanderthals a different 'species' doesn't mean they actually were. I mean that doesn't even make any sense: a human is a human is a human. This group of people were just as human as you are. I'd be interested to know exactly which genetic mutation(s) made them less human. If science is so sure they were different species they should be able to tell us how and why. The reality is they have no clue. Besides any of that, evolution doesn't proceed by genetic mutations. There are only 25,000 genes in the genome and there is no way that this few genes could code the whole human body. This shoots the whole fairytale in the foot.  Neanderthals merely changed into "modern" humans. If neanderthals were replaced, as science says, there would have to be some evidence as to why. Either they got slaughtered by war or they starved or something --- they wouldn't just disappear for no reason after establishing communities that spread out across Europe and Asia.
In this post I'm going to expose the Great American Fossil Hoax, and make evolutionary scientists look like the complete fools they are. I'm going to quickly expose evolutionists' scam that there are any transitional fossils...and in the process I'm going to falsify human evolution.  First of all, what you have to realize is even if there were transitional scientists would not be able to prove it. There have been billions of fossils dug up out of the ground. Even if science were able to line up a long, gradual lineage of fossils side by side, from smaller to larger, for example, they still would not be able to prove that one came from another. Heck, what if you had several corpses buried in your backyard from 500 years ago??...who's to say which came from which -- or even if they're related at all? The reality is, there's simply no way to prove it.  please look at the following link:  http://www.accessmylibrary.com/comsite5/bin/pdinventory.pl?pdlanding=1&referid=2930&purchase_type=ITM&item_id=0286-11970623  From the smallest Chihuahua to the biggest Great Dane, all dogs emerge from the same basic set of genes.  So, you have a tiny chihuahua compared to the huge Great Dane. Same genes. Think of all the different varieties and sizes of dogs in between. Likewise they most certainly have the same sets of genes. Now think about thousands of years. Who could ever tell if one dog is ancestral to another? Their size and shape obviously have nothing to do with genetics. I could line up the bones of a Chihuahua and then a cocker spaniel, and then a Labrador and then a great Dane and say, "WALLAH, there you have it, Darwian evolution!" That ain't how truth, logic, and scientific honesty works! Yet, that's exactly what evolutionists do!  The reality is a change in phenotype is observed as evolution in the fossil record. But there is no way to tell from the fossils whether the changes in continuous records were caused by variation arising in the genotype or only in the phenotype. We all know now that the environment plays a role in expressing genes (you do know that genes can't turn themselves On and Off, don't you?)....thus a change in environment may alter the phenotype of the organism, yet there would be NO MUTATION and NO SELECTION. Do you simple-minded evolutionists get this very simple concept? The logical person can't help but ponder how much of the fossil record has been misconstrued by desperate evolutionists as examples of Darwinian evolution when it was nothing more than a phenotypic expression without any change in the genotype.  But it gets better. Everyone knows how evolutionists like to dig up human bones and compare and contrast their different sizes and shapes...and everyone knows how they then make evolutionary assumptions based on these physical appearances. Heck, the changes in human appearance over time IS evolution....it is THE scientific method.  I have long argued on here that this is a racist mindset. To label and judge people based on their physical characteristics is, in my opinion, immoral. But science, to this very day, continues scouring the earth looking for fossil humans so they can label and (mis)characterize their bones. But it turns out that each human being's physiology has nothing to do with evolution -- it has nothing to do with genes -- but simply represents the adaptability of the human genome to the local environment.  The reality is, despite height, skin color or skull volume, the human race is only one race -- the human race....and genetics has virtually NOTHING to do with physical appearance:  http://www.augsburg.edu/education/edc210/race-myth.html  "Science got us into this problem in the first place, with its measurements of skulls and its emphasis on racial differences and racial classifications," he said. "Scientists should now get us out of it."  Venter and scientists at the National Institutes of Health recently announced that they had put together a draft of the entire sequence of the human genome, and the researchers unanimously declared that there is only one race -- the human race.  Most scientists in the field say that those traits most commonly used to distinguish one race from another, such as skin and eye color, or the width of the nose, are traits controlled by a relatively few number of genes, and have changed rapidly in response to extreme environmental pressures during the short history of Homo sapiens.  "If you ask what percentage of your genes is reflected in your external appearance, the basis by which we talk about race, the answer seems to be in the range of 0.01 percent," said Dr. Harold Freeman, the chief executive, president and director of surgery at North General Hospital in New York City, who has studied the issue of biology and race. "This is a very, very minimal reflection of your genetic makeup." and another:  http://www.amnh.org/exhibitions/genomics/1_identity/ninety_nine.html  No Biological Basis for Race  Look around you: no two people are exactly alike. But believe it or not, we all share 99.9% of the same DNA.  New data from the mapping of the human genome reveal that all humans are incredibly similar-in fact, we are 99.9% genetically identical. We are all members of one species, Homo sapiens. Scientists have confirmed, as they long suspected, that there is no genetic or biological basis for race.   No matter how scientists today scrutinize a person's genes, they can't determine with certainty whether an individual is from one "racial" group or another. Differences of culture and society distinguish one group from another, but these distinctions are not rooted in biology.   So if outward appearance including skull size and shape, nose size, bone density, etc are not a reflection of our genetic makeup, then why do scientists make evoluitonary assumptions based on the shape of one's skull when they dig it up out of the ground???? How could they ever make evolutionary assumptions about any fossil if such traits can be modified by environment?   Look at the following link:  http://www.harvardmagazine.com/on-line/0103109.html  But we are just beginning to understand an unexpected new paradigm: certain genes that regulate phenotypes-groups of physiological traits and behaviors-are actually under social control. A genome, the complete collection of an organism's genes, is plastic, Hofmann contends. The environment-even social and cultural contexts-can switch genes on and off.  He goes on to say that up to 14 different phenotypic expressions are controlled by the environment or social control. Any of these expressions could be viewed as examples of darwinian evolution if haphazardly observed over a period of years in the wild. But this guy shows that selection had nothing to do with the phenotypic changes, instead they're just morphological phenomenons that had nothing at all to do with mutations or genes.  Yet, evolutionists, for years have been attempting to claim that certain fossils are transitionals, or that there are actually gradual lineages, no doubt accomplished by darwinian mechanisms. This is nothing but wishful thinking, speculation, and a desire/need to fool the public.   The reality is, the thousands of varied physical features, such as shapes of eyes, ears, nose, mouth, height, bone structure, body shape, and other characteristics....just like in dogs....are all controlled in the same way, by the same genes being modified by the environment.  And since genes cannot be tied to physical traits, this effectively falsifies the current scientific explanation of human evolution.  The "evolution" of humans is a FRAUD masquerading as science and you evolutionists are continuing to fool yourselves if you believe otherwise. Science has TRICKED you.  The fossil record does not prove evolution. The fossil record proves nothing. Any "proof" of evolution would have to come from somewhere else. Of course, proof and valid evidence for evolution always comes from somewhere else.  Race is a social concept, not a scientific one," said Dr. J. Craig Venter, head of the Celera Genomics Corp. in Rockville, Md.  Oh, but it gets better.   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=416674&in_page_id=1770&ct=5  Human and Neanderthal DNA 99.9% identical  Dr Edward Rubin, one of the US and German researchers who have started to sequence the ancient DNA, said: 'We are at the dawn of Neanderthal genomics.   Fossil remains have already shown that Neanderthals looked different from us, with heavy brows, low foreheads, and receding chins. They were also much more robustly built than modern humans.   lol!!!! So now, instead of genes, science is rearing it's ugly racist head and proclaiming that Neanderthals were a different species not because of their genes, but because of the shape of their skull and their receding chins!   Racist Pigs.  The theory of evolution is just so sad and pathetic....it's hanging on by life support and nothing else.... It just makes you want to shoot it in the head like a sick, rabid animal to quickly put it out of its misery.
Actually a lot of this work is done by European and African scientists (If you don't know where they are, look on an a globe (or an atlas if you can't cope with the spinning)), so attacking American scientists kinda shows how ignorant you are.   So tell me....knowing that the human race is 99.9% the same, and that "No matter how scientists today scrutinize a person's genes, they can't determine with certainty whether an individual is from one "racial" group or another"....how can you justify how the racist scientists can hold up a skull and make judgements about it? How could they possibly construct a human phylogenetic tree if traits are modified by enviornment, not dictated by randomly mutating genes? How can the pigs in science proclaim that Neandethals were a different "species" based not on their genes -- which are 99.9% similar as ours -- but their receding chin and large skull? Evolutionary science is full of nothing but good-for-nothing, monkey-loving, chance-worshipping, racist fools.
The Nebraska man was also proved to be a fake as well.
Think about it...   The "theory" of evolution is 100% false. Look around you and compare yourselves to people that have lived 500 years ago, or 1 or 2 millenniums ago. Nothing has changed by what we look like, or anything like that!  Yes, people were averagely shorter, .etc a long time ago, but this is because of the fact of what they ate, not because of evolution.   If evolution were true, than explain how billions and billions of different organisms could've evolved from one another, or how they were put on Earth. Creationism plays a major part...
electrolyte: Then you don't have a morphological progression that coincides with the geologic column. You seem to be overlooking this point.  There is no geologic column. That is as much of a fraud as the frauds who put this theory together.  You mean, many of the same genes, but not identical genotypes. Quit lying.  You obviously did not read my links:  Science got us into this problem in the first place, with its measurements of skulls and its emphasis on racial differences and racial classifications," he said. "Scientists should now get us out of it."  Venter and scientists at the National Institutes of Health recently announced that they had put together a draft of the entire sequence of the human genome, and the researchers unanimously declared that there is only one race -- the human race.  Most scientists in the field say that those traits most commonly used to distinguish one race from another, such as skin and eye color, or the width of the nose, are traits controlled by a relatively few number of genes, and have changed rapidly in response to extreme environmental pressures during the short history of Homo sapiens.  "If you ask what percentage of your genes is reflected in your external appearance, the basis by which we talk about race, the answer seems to be in the range of 0.01 percent," said Dr. Harold Freeman, the chief executive, president and director of surgery at North General Hospital in New York City, who has studied the issue of biology and race. "This is a very, very minimal reflection of your genetic makeup." and another:  http://www.amnh.org/exhibitions/geno...nety_nine.html  No Biological Basis for Race  Look around you: no two people are exactly alike. But believe it or not, we all share 99.9% of the same DNA.  New data from the mapping of the human genome reveal that all humans are incredibly similar-in fact, we are 99.9% genetically identical. We are all members of one species, Homo sapiens. Scientists have confirmed, as they long suspected, that there is no genetic or biological basis for race.   No matter how scientists today scrutinize a person's genes, they can't determine with certainty whether an individual is from one "racial" group or another. Differences of culture and society distinguish one group from another, but these distinctions are not rooted in biology.  What does this mean to you, genius?????  I understand the concept: you're saying that archaebacteria from billions of years ago contain the same genetic information as humans. Please find human genes in archaebacteria.  No what I'm saying is what I said -- not what you just said. Try again.  Can you tell a male human from a female human? Then you must be a sexist! (Seriously, this is an analogue of your argument. You obviously don't even know what racism is.)  Yea, racism is calling people "sub-human" or "brutes" or wondering if they could talk simply by judging the shape of their skull.  What's funny is that people have been saying this for over 140 years   Gee I wonder why -- because it's true, maybe??....that ToE is pathetic? yea, that could be it.
Oh good, another scientifically illiterate newbie to roast.   Not so much a fake as a mistake. The scientific community never accepted Nebraska Man, and -- like Piltdown Man -- it was the scientific community (not evolution deniers) that was responsible for rejecting it.   Oh, well, that convinces me.    "Millenniums?" Maybe I shouldn't have used the qualifier "scientifically" above... I'm guessing that you don't think the world is more than six or so "millenniums" old? This may be where you're getting stuck.   So if I eat more, I'll grow taller?   A lot can happen in three and a half billion years.   In keeping people ignorant of the facts? I agree wholeheartedly.  Hey, I'm a 7th grader. You've got to give me some props... :D  Yes, I do classify myself as a scientific newbie. But I am definitely by no means illiterate.
Props for what? Refusing to read your middle school biology textbook?  It's mainly because schools use evolution as a basis for learning in Science classes. They should teach about, both, evolution and creationism, until it can finally be proven that scientists are trying to remove creationism views from our classrooms, and replace it with what they believe is "right" for American children, like me, to learn, so that American children will have the same views as them, and finally prove their point.
How old are you all? At least out of college, I'm guessing. Don't you have anything better to do, like your job, for example? I'm only on here for a school assignment on debating. Don't you have any hobbies? Shouldn't you be going out into the world, sending letters to our government about these matters rather than just posting them on a message board? Or are you to afraid to what their response is going to be, so that is why you're trying to convince other people on this forum that you're right and they're wrong? Or, have you already made a proposal, to only have it be refused by the government, so that is why you're on here, to convince other people that the government is wrong because they refused your proposal?
I'm with Collin here.  Good; that means you should be able to learn what the plural of millennium is. Get on that after you read your biology book.   And rightfully so.  Scientists try to remove falsehoods from the classroom. Teachers are required to remove religion from the classroom. Creationism loses both fights. Scientists don't decide what is "right" for American children. They determine what is true to the best of their knowledge. The fact that 99.9% of scientists who practice in relevant fields are convinced based on the preponderance of evidence that evolution is true should tell you something about the evidence.  Scientists say what they want the American public to believe, even if it means lying or trying to hide what's actually true. The schools, for example, are influenced by scientists and other important people in our society that provide them with the materials of their views on what they think is true. America is a Christian nation, based on "In God We Trust", so therefore, creationism should rule over evolution. That is why the controversy between evolution and creationism is, well, happening. Scientists and skeptics have a lot of shoes to fill if they plan on going against the views of the Christian Church. It's going to take a lot of work to prove that the theory of evolution is actually true.
[QUOTE=electrolyte;249547]   I did. You did not, and you did not read context. My response was based on the Chihuahua/Great Dane remark. Your source says they have the same basic set of genes. This is not the same as saying that all genes are the same.  I'm tired of aruging with you...I'll let my link speak for me:  No matter how scientists today scrutinize a person's genes, they can't determine with certainty whether an individual is from one "racial" group or another. Differences of culture and society distinguish one group from another, but these distinctions are not rooted in biology.  The difference in traits has nothing to do with mutations or new genes...it has to do with gene expression.....thus, when scientists dig bones up out of the ground, they are making an unfounded assumption that one group of people descended from another. There is simply now way of knowing because traits are simply the results of enviornmental influence on the genome. The mind and the world, indeed evolve together....and "evolution" is just a long-term, heritable adaptation to the local environment.
Older than you, though I knew better even when I was your age.   Got that right. Education is good; you should try it sometime.   Educating the dumb masses is my job, in between educating the not so dumb masses.   Here's how to make debates easier: support the position that's correct. There's where you went wrong in this thread...   Yes, educating via debate and utter roasting. It's great fun.   Sounds like you're the one with the gripe against the government here, not us.   Both science and the courts are on our side. So why aren't you asking yourself these very questions?   The government supported our proposal way back in 1968... and again in 1973, and 1975, and 1977, and 1981, and 1987, and 1994, and 2005...  Time for you to get back to studying, it would seem.   Correction: I am not debating on the side that is winning, so to say, but rather my views. I am a devoted Catholic, devoted Democrat, devoted student with a 4.0 GPA, with a proven knowledge of college-level English and 12th grade arithmetic. Winner of my school's spelling and geography bee 3 years and counting. I'm moving on to the regional spelling bee later this month.   a.k.a. I wouldn't consider myself to be dumb, illiterate, or an average, spoiled American kid that spends all of their time playing video games and such. You were wrong on that account.
What have I lied to you about? What have I tried to hide? What do schools and scientists try to hide?   And by mathematicians, and historians, and linguists... yet you out scientists. Why is that?   Nonsense on all three counts. America is a secular nation with religious people. America is not based on "In God We Trust, and mythology should never overrule evidence, even if the dumb masses want it to.   One reason is because people like me can only reach so many people like you. Another reason is that people like you are so disgustingly indoctrinated with falsehoods that people like me have little to no chance of convincing you that you've been misled by people you were supposed to be able to trust. If everyone took an objective look at the evidence, there would be essentially no controversy at all.   Only some Christian Churches are foolish enough to deny scientific progress. The largest denomination of Christianity accepts evolutionary theory, and they're not the only denomination to do so.   All the reputable evidence supports the theory of evolution. How much evidence do you have for creation that stands up to scrutiny? None. Tell me, which side has more work to do?  If you really want to debate, start a thread in the debate section. It might be nice for you to show your teacher how badly you got destroyed.  Evidence based on the likeliness between what people of our age look like and what people of years past looked like, based on the skeletal remains. Also, the beetle that would explode, if not for creationism.   Explain this... Why do people of different ethnic groups look different? Evolution could not evolve two people of the same origin to become African-American, or Asian, or Middle Eastern, .etc. Creationism had to have made this possible to happen. Look at the facial features around you based on the ethnicity of people. As I said before, it is impossible for facial features and skin colors to evolve from two of the same beings. People of different ethnic groups had to have been created, along with the beetle, in order for this to be possible.
That's hard to believe. Catholic doctrine accepts the Theory of Evolution. My father attended a Catholic university and was taught the Theory of Evolution by a nun.  A nun!  It's called ural diversity... After the Catholic Church was "modernized" in the 1960's, the Catholic Church has become for diverse, as well as Catholic schools, having gone to Catholic school for my whole life. Therefore, taking on the beliefs of some of the American public.
This is not a correction; I am well aware of this. My point is that you'll stand more than a snowball's chance in hell if you debate the side that is correct. If you want to debate your views, then I suggest you make your views conform to reality. (In general, this is good even for aspects besides debating...)   Then you know that Catholics accept evolutionary theory. Oh, apparently you didn't. Whoops. 12th grade arithmetic? Isn't that an oxymoron? Nonetheless, here you are in the C/E forum, and you're exposing your sub-5th grade level knowledge of biology...   One might wonder why -- even if we were to believe you -- you'd be having so much difficulty in science. Could it be that indoctrination thing?   Then (1) you should know the plural of "millennia," especially for someone claiming college-level English skills, and (2) one can be literate but scientifically illiterate. Considering you just used "a.k.a." as some sort of indicator of a post-script, I think we can be sure that you're full of XXXX.  Oh well if I forgot the plural form of millennium. It's 10:30, and I'm going to bed.   I received a gold award of academic achievement, signed, by the President of the United States. So no, I am not full of XXXX.
Well, with you being so smart and everything, why did you say "millenniums"? Surely if you are a winner of a spelling bee and moving to the regional bee, wou would know that "millenniums" is not even a word. I also don't see how a knowledge of college-level English and 12th grade arithmetic does anything for your scientific knowledge.  And if you really want to get into criteria, well, in fifth grade I tested at the English (and reading comprehension) level of a thirty-five year-old, I've had a 4.0 through all of high-shool, my Bachelors in college, and now my Masters degree. The knowledge of college-level English does not affect how much knowledge of science you have, but since you brought it up, there you go.  You know I find it odd that you claim to be a "devout Catholic" and yet although the Pope himself accepts evolution, you seem to be against it. Have something against the Holy See and the myriad other catholic leaders supporting evolution? (OT, you claim to be a Democrat, but are arguing against abortion on another thread).  I think electrolyte is correct: you really need to get back to studying.  There are Catholic Democrats that are against abortion, you know... Not all Democrats are of other religions as some people think.  In fact, most Catholics and Christians are pro-life.
Well, with you being so smart and everything, why did you say "millenniums"? Surely if you are a winner of a spelling bee and moving to the regional bee, wou would know that "millenniums" is not even a word. I also don't see how a knowledge of college-level English and 12th grade arithmetic does anything for your scientific knowledge.  And if you really want to get into criteria, well, in fifth grade I tested at the English (and reading comprehension) level of a thirty-five year-old, I've had a 4.0 through all of high-shool, my Bachelors in college, and now my Masters degree. The knowledge of college-level English does not affect how much knowledge of science you have, but since you brought it up, there you go.  You know I find it odd that you claim to be a "devout Catholic" and yet although the Pope himself accepts evolution, you seem to be against it. Have something against the Holy See and the myriad other catholic leaders supporting evolution? (OT, you claim to be a Democrat, but are arguing against abortion on another thread).  I think electrolyte is correct: you really need to get back to studying.  There are Catholic Democrats that are against abortion, you know... Not all Democrats are of other religions as some people think.
Well, at graduation from high school, I received the Presidential Award for Academic Excellence. You can come up with all the awards you like, I'll bet most of us have you beat quite a bit, especially with the claims you are making about science. By the way, they aren't signed by the prez, they are electronically printed signatures. And, since you claim to have so much knowledge of English and of spelling, you shouldn't have "forgotten" the plural form of millennium (methinks your claims are a little inflated).  Maybe you should go to school a few more years and learn actual science. Oh, and, FYI, I happen to be a Lutheran and a Democrat while also being pro-choice.  That is the award that I received, I think. I have it posted up on my wall. The exact words posted on the award are as follows, President's Education Awards Program" with a gold stamp reading, "President's Award for Educational Excellence" presented to (my full name) in recognition of Outstanding Academic Excellence 2006  Signed by President Bush and the Secretary of State  I have proven this account to be true.
Explain to me how plants could've just spurted out from the ground when the earth began by the so called "big bang", the plants had to of been planted or placed there, there is no way that they could just spurt out of the ground. Look at the planets. You don't see plants growing on their surfaces. Even though their surfaces are not typical for plants and humans of course, maybe a billion years or so ago they did have the right conditions. How come we've never found anything except for evidence of water on Mars, like plant fossils and such? Explain how a human and other mammals and such could either evolve from the plants that supposedly just spurted out of the ground.  Also, about the height difference of humans between now and many years ago. I don't mean that if you eat more you'll get taller. We have a very different diet than humans that lived a millennium ago. It has to do with the environment and the climate, what's available to our use for our diet, and what was available to them.
 electrolyte: If I were you, I'd be tired of being wrong, too.   Go ahead; I didn't disagree with anything in that one. I only disagreed with your interpretation of it.   So you have genes for brown eyes and for blue eyes and for green eyes? Chihuahuas have the genes to make them Great Danes? Do the experiment, supersport.  Do it. C'mon. Shut me up. I dare you. For someone always accusing "Darwinists" of never doing appropriate experiments, this is one you should have no problem doing. Hop to it.  (That's your cue to run away and start a new thread.)  It's responses like this that make disinterested in continuing. You change the subject and do nothing but spew rhetoric.  But you evolutionists have a huge problem. You've been digging up skulls for the past 100 years with the assumption that physiological traits are linked to genes and ancestry....that shape and size are reflections of the evolutionary process of RM + NS. But there's a problem now because it is now know that all our DNA is 99.9% the same. Thus, Science has no basis for comparing and contrasting skulls physical appearance, because it's the environment that modifies their shape -- not new or unique or mutating genes.   There is no family tree. There is no hominid tree. There is no way to show/prove that any one group is ancestral to another. There is no way to line up a set of skulls and claim "evolution."  The reality is, Science needs mutating genes to be linked to traits...not only that, but they need these mutations to be random. If variation is not random...ie..directed by the environment, then there is no way to make evolutionary assumptions on fossils. There is no way to line up a bunch of fossils and proclaim "evolution" because if the environment directs evolution, then traits are linked to the environment, not to ancestry.    electrolyte-weight, i don't run from anyone -- especially you.
Pah! Child's play! .   Oh? Then what do you take this to mean?:  http://www.accessmylibrary.com/comsite5/bin/pdinventory.pl?pdlanding=1&referid=2930&purchase_type=ITM&item_id=0286-6387354   "researchers no longer believe that races are distinct biological categories created by differences in the genes that people inherit from their parents."  http://academic.udayton.edu/race/01race/race.htm  There are no genetic characteristics possessed by all Blacks but not by non- Blacks; similarly, there is no gene or cluster of genes common to all Whites but not to non-Whites. One's race is not determined by a single gene or gene cluster, as is, for example, sickle cell anemia. Nor are races marked by important differences in gene frequencies, the rates of appearance of certain gene types. The data compiled by various scientists demonstrates, contrary to popular opinion, that intra-group differences exceed inter-group differences. That is, greater genetic variation exists within the populations typically labeled Black and White than between these populations. This finding refutes the supposition that racial divisions reflect fundamental genetic differences.    Along the way, various minds tried to fashion practical human typologies along the following physical axes: skin color, hair texture, facial angle, jaw size, cranial capacity, brain mass, frontal lobe mass, brain surface fissures and convolutions, and even body lice. As one scholar notes, "[t]he nineteenth century was a period of exhaustive and--as it turned out--futile search for criteria to define and describe race differences.". . . Attempts to define racial categories by physical attributes ultimately failed. By 1871, some leading intellectuals had recognized that even using the word "race" "was virtually a confession of ignorance or evil intent." The genetic studies of the last few decades have only added more nails to the coffin of biological race. Evidence shows that those features usually coded to race, for example, stature, skin color, hair texture, and facial structure, do not correlate strongly with genetic variation 
That you're partial to using strange configurations of fonts and colours?  I believe they're still sequencing neanderthal DNA. What percentage of base pair matches would convince you that it *was* human and what that it *wasn't*?   LOL!!!!!!   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=416674&in_page_id=1770&ct=5  Human and Neanderthal DNA 99.9% identical!  Dr Edward Rubin, one of the US and German researchers who have started to sequence the ancient DNA, said: 'We are at the dawn of Neanderthal genomics.   Fossil remains have already shown that Neanderthals looked different from us, with heavy brows, low foreheads, and receding chins. They were also much more robustly built than modern humans.   lol!!!!
I'm getting this weary feeling that you think you've backed up your point? Tell me, when they say 99.9% identical to 'human', which 'human' do you think we're talking about?   spare me. Human is human is human. I know you'd like to procreate with a group of chimps up in a tree, but you have to get back into real life at some point.  What do you think the following statement means?...why would they say this?  http://www.augsburg.edu/education/edc210/race-myth.html  "Science got us into this problem in the first place, with its measurements of skulls and its emphasis on racial differences and racial classifications," he said. "Scientists should now get us out of it."
Correction... 99.9% of the DNA between humans and neanderthals cannot be the same, due to the fact that two traits, genotypes, and phenotypes may appear identical, but they are not identical since they are different genes. Therefore, you cannot compare the DNA of humans and neanderthals and say that it is very similar. Basic genetics...
You clearly know nothing of basic genetics. Please stop pretending.  Wanna bet?
I think Wildflowerneu is saying that small differences in DNA can have very big effects, especially in this case where there are obvious differences in phenotypes - so its not that reasonable to say that humans and neanderthalls are the same because of they are 99% identical, that 1% means a lot. Stop me if I'm getting you wrong though  Exactly :D  There could be only one letter/gene from the human genetic code that is different from the neanderthal genetic code, which could make that 1% seem like a lot. Which would make humans and neanderthals different, because of the "one gene swap", so to speak, if this were to happen.
Sorry, that's not how I interpreted that at all... and still don't. When I read the phrase, "99.9% of the DNA between humans and neanderthals cannot be the same," it sounds to me like someone is denying the possibility that Neanderthal and H. sapiens DNA share 99+% similarity.  I am saying that even 1% or .1% of a difference between humans and neanderthals is a very large difference, when you take the genetic codes and such into consideration. So therefore, humans and neanderthals may appear identical, but their genetic codes, phenotypes, and genotypes prove otherwise that their gene make-up is not the same.
Uh...you got some problems here. Homo Sapien and Neanderthals may differ on .5% of the genes, but their phenotypes are very, very different.   Genotype is the genetics Phenotype is the appearance  You're kind of redundent saying appear and then phenotypes and genetics and genotypes.  I'm sorry, I'm really tired right now so I'm getting my terms mixed up. lol
One can understand your desire to quit when you're being slaughtered.   I'm neither changing the subject nor resorting to mere rhetoric. I'm calling you out on your asinine assertions and misrepresentation, willful or not. You purposely removed my comment from context and pretended that it applied to something else. You implied that I disagreed with the lack of biological basis for modern race, which I do not. You continue to conflate race with species. You ignore the fact that relationships are derived using stratigraphic location (and you in fact ignore this again in your re-presentation of your "argument" despite the fact that I've mentioned it numerous times). And finally, I presented to you a perfectly manageable experiment that you could do to support your fairy tale, but you completely avoid even mentioning it, even though you'll be the first to (falsely) accuse scientists of not wanting to test their holdings. This means that you are simply a hypocritical liar.   Ah, then you accept my dog-breeding challenge! Wonderful. I hope to hear back from you in three to four months, in case it takes you a few weeks to procure pedigreed specimens.  there is no dog-breeding challenge. There's nothing else to be said. I've presented the evidence that disproves that science can use fossils as evidence of evolution:  http://www.livescience.com/animalworld/ap_051207_dog_genome.html  From the smallest Chihuahua to the biggest Great Dane, all dogs emerge from the same basic set of genes.  So, you have a tiny chihuahua compared to the huge Great Dane. Same genes. Think of all the different varieties and sizes of dogs in between. Likewise they, as well, all have the same sets of genes. Now think about thousands of years. If some dog bones were dug up, who could ever tell if one dog is ancestral to another? Their size and shape obviously have nothing to do with genetics. I could line up the bones of a Chihuahua and then a cocker spaniel, and then a Labrador and then a great Dane and say, "WALLAH, there you have it, Darwian evolution!" But that ain't how truth and logic works! Yet, that's exactly what evolutionists have been doing.  Not only that, but humans as well have DNA that is 99.9% the same as other humans -- including Neanderthals. Face it -- your theory sucks and it's been wrong for the past 100 years. what used to rely on genetic mutations is now relying on gene expression.  Tell me -- how do chimp genes express themselves differently than the same genes in humans? Tell me you little mental lightweight.
    What chimp genes are expressed "differently" than in humans, and how so?  ask them:  http://www.sciam.com/article.cfm?chanID=sa003&articleID=9D0DAC2B-E7F2-99DF-3AA795436FEF8039  Based on that figure, experts proposed that humans and chimps have essentially the same genes, but differed in when and where the genes turn on and off.   and them:  http://www.playfuls.com/news_00374_Differences_Between_Humans_And_Chimps_Lie_Within_Gene_Regulation_.html  "humans and chimpanzees are due more to changes in gene regulation than differences in individual genes themselves, researchers from Yale, the University of Chicago, and the Hall Institute in Parkville, Victoria, Australia, argue  "The big question," he said, "is why are humans so different? What sort of changes in the environment or lifestyle would drive such a rapid shift in the expression of genes -- in this case in the liver -- in humans and in no other primate?"  Part of the answer, he suspects, is rapid alterations in diet, probably related to the acquisition of fire and the emerging preference for cooked food. "No other animal relies on cooked food," he said. "Perhaps something in the cooking process altered the biochemical requirements for maximal access to nutrients as well as the need to process the natural toxins found in plant and animal foods."  lololololololoololololol!!!!!!!!!!!  Evolutionary science truly sucks.
More researchers using cooked food for the explanation for why humans are humans and not chimps or some sort of wild primate.  http://www.planetark.org/avantgo/dailynewsstory.cfm?newsid=35540  The researchers do not know what caused the shift in gene expression in humans but they suspect it could be due to changes in the environment, the acquisition of fire and a preference for cooked food  This is just unbelievable. Science has stooped to a new low level of complete and utter stupidity....and you little pea-brained evolutionists soak every bit of it up like a wet sponge.
More researchers using cooked food for the explanation for why humans are humans and not chimps or some sort of wild primate.  http://www.planetark.org/avantgo/dailynewsstory.cfm?newsid=35540  The researchers do not know what caused the shift in gene expression in humans but they suspect it could be due to changes in the environment, the acquisition of fire and a preference for cooked food  This is just unbelievable. Science has stooped to a new low level of complete and utter stupidity....and you little pea-brained evolutionists soak every bit of it up like a wet sponge.  lol  That's one way to put it...
How kind of you to ignore every relevant point that has been discussed and desperately latch onto this diversion about gene expression. Did you really think we wouldn't notice?  Excuse me? You got yourself into this mess. I have nothing to do with this. This is between you and supersport, leave me out of this. No offense, supersport. By the way, keep it up, supersport, you're doing great. :D
 electroliar:   We're left with two choices: either you don't know how to read, or you're deliberately misrepresenting the paper. I'd lean toward the latter. Here's what the paper really says:  How? all I did was quote them. How did I misrepresent the paper? Do you agree or disagree that gene expression explains why we are different than chimps?   Note that the line you quoted was deliberately written in the past tense, the effect of which your dishonest quote mine eliminated. This article says the opposite of what you think it does. In fact, it emphasizes that the genome -- not its expression -- is a major factor.  No it doesn't. Your replies are really quite weak. I'm not sure why I'm wasting my time on you.
Excuse me? You got yourself into this mess. I have nothing to do with this. This is between you and supersport, leave me out of this. No offense, supersport. By the way, keep it up, supersport, you're doing great. :D  thanks....you might beware of this forum...many of the poeple here have no concept of the truth....their minds are warped and they want nothing more than to warp others' minds. They belong in a mental facility.
Yeah, wildflower, one of our prime specimens is supersort here (the second is wascallywabbit, who, I suspect, is supersport's alter-ego.  Oh yes...I masquerade as an atheist and a 6-day Creationist at the same time to try to appeal to a wider audience.
So SuperSport I take that as you're fleeing for your proverbial life?  for what?  Originally Posted by obvious_child  Liar Super Liar  So what do you have to say for yourself liar?  (here's where you run away)   What exactly did I lie about? Neither of these links show anything other than the usual nonsense evolutionists pull.
First, genotype and phenotype are not "traits." Genotype refers to the genetic makeup of an organism. To say that the DNA of humans and neandertals is 99.9% the same (whether it is true or not) is a statement that the genotypes differ by 0.1%. Therefore, if we are stating that they are different, they cannot "appear" identical. On the other hand, the phenotype of an organism is its physical appearance that results from the genotype. Two different genotypes might appear phenotypically identical. For example, when considering the color of peppered moths (Biston betularia), a heterozygous individual is indistinguishable from a homozygous dark individual. Your statement is mostly nonsense since by definition, two genotypes that differ by 99.9% are not the same. And two phenotypes that are the same can result from different genotypes. Your objection is basic nonsense. We most certainly can compare the DNA of humans and neandertals. So far we don't have the complete neandertal genome decoded. It may be possible in the future, but maybe not. We do know that there are distinct differences between neandertal mtDNA and human mtDNA such that neandertals are not ancestral to modern humans, nor modern humans to neandertals. Yeah. I do. I taught this stuff enough to recognize that your misconceptions and your banter are based on ignorance. It reminds me of students who didn't study for exams and tried to snow their way through by misusing big words that they didn't understand. So, to reiterate; More misunderstanding on your part. Usually, when one talks about a "letter" in the genetic code, one would be talking about a base pair. Thus, any reference to a base pair difference as comprising a 1% difference in a genome of about 3 billion base pairs is pure nonsense, yeah verily, gibberish. You didn't do well in math class either, did you? Even if we allow for your incorrect equivalence of "gene" (these percentage differences usually refer to base pairs - I would have to read the paper upon which you base your statements), that represents about 3,000 genes that don't exist in modern humans. But of course, it isn't one gene. On the other hand, it probably isn't 3,000 either. I don't know the exact percentage - that would depend on how it is determined. But some genes have more effect than others and a change that might seem insignificant could change how other genes interact. Recent research into the proteomes of various organisms has shown that these differences are far more numerous than the differences in the genomes.  I'm sure that, since you are so knowledgeable in genetics, that none of those words causes you the slightest pause. But the 1% or 0.1% difference is in consideration of the genetic code. That's what it means. It is nonsense to state that some percentage difference in the genetic code is meaningful when you take the genetic code into consideration. You are just giving us a snow job in an effort to pass. More gibberish. Modern humans and neandertals (they were human as far as I know) did not appear identical. Their genetic codes (that is to say, genotype), phenotype (that is to say, appearance) and genotypes (redundant = genetic code) shows that not only were they not identical, they were not the same species.  Look, I'm sorry that I don't have a Bachelor's Degree in Biology, Biochemistry, or whatever it is you have a degree in. Unlike you, I'm a normal person that makes mistakes. And yes, I do have a tendency to get terms mixed up, but so what? I know that you've never made a mistake in your entire life, because you're "perfect".
Look, we can argue about this issue until Judgement Day, and we're not going to get anywhere. Heck, we can blame people in the process... That's not going to change anything. Unless a scientist or somebody else makes a surprising discovery that either proves evolution or creationism to be 100% true, we're still going to be arguing about this. Seriously? Who cares? There are bigger problems in the world than people arguing over evolution and creationism. We should be worrying about other more important issues in our world like wars, poverty, disease, .etc. Worry about the present, not the past. Yes, I know all you little scientists with your Bachelor Degrees have all your facts and statements and what not, cause you've got to be right.   From statements and facts about evolution and creationism, I'd say that evolution and creationism are true. This is completely my opinion, so don't batter me if you think that I am leaving out important facts; I'm sorry to tell you that I don't have a degree in genetics or biology:  Animals and plants evolved from the -celled organisms that were created on this Earth.  There, now everyone's happy...
** Actually, neu, the 'special creation by anthropomorphic god' versus 'accidental evolution caused by unspecified, presupposed, natural forces', debate is simply the tip of an ideological iceberg. The real quarrel is the issue of how much human behaviour, in every arena, today and in the future, is to be determined by one worldview as opposed to another one that is clearly antithetical to the first.   This is very serious business that cannot be lightly dismissed. As many bloody wars have been fought over such ideological quarrels as have ever been fought over plunder and real estate. The reason being that ideology creates political power and self-righteous ego-satisfaction through collective identification with a group, and power and egoism are what human beings really fight for, from schoolyard squabbles to nuclear armageddon.  This division of human worldview is extremely serious, as any analysis of what is misleadingly called, 'the war on terror', must tell you. And it is not going to be solved by appeals to mystical but undetectable father-figures in the sky, nor by appeals to mystical and unpredictable happenstance brought about in some vague, nebulous fashion by bits of stuff flying about for unknown and unknowable reasons.  What is necessary to spare us untold bloodshed and the destruction of the only biosphere known to exist in the entire universe, is a reconciliation between these two metaphysical positions, and to do that large chunks of both simply have to be dropped and replaced by something better. Unfortunately there is no record in history of human beings ever doing such a thing, and so I have next to no hope that they will do it now, rather than to go on destroying themselves and all other species on earth.  this is a very good post.
Actually there are many examples of evolution that have been recorded - we're talking infering that evolution has occured by comparing various fossils to modern animals but actually observing a population of animals or plants change in such a way that they stop breeding with each other, and even become unable to breed with each other. Mostly insects I think, there were some mosquitos in the London underground that adapted to feed off rats rather than pigeons and no longer breed with the original pigeon 'eating' population.  Disease today is tied up closely with the concept of evolution on a couple of fronts - firstly with bacteria and viruses evolving to become resistant to medicines, knowing how and why this happens is critical when devising treatments and estimating whether or not a new drug is going to be feasible. Additionally, our knowledge of evolution can be used to find new targets - some proteins are highly conserved in most organisms, if a drug can target these safely then you are much less likely to get resistant strains evolving.   Its also part of a bigger problem - as you've seen in a lot of these threads, people like Supersport have no respect for science and wish other people would stop listening to scientists over priests. If you want a solution to wars, poverty and disease then its pretty much going to have to come from science or at the very least logical thinking, there are people out there that welcome more wars, disease and natural disasters as they think it heralds the second coming.   I have no trust in science because they are nothing more than a political entity....they have absolutely no desire to uncover the truth. Proof of this is how and why epigenetics has been swept under the rug for 60 years. Science = corruption.  Oh, by the way, resistance to antibiotics hardly proves your version of evolution -- it's actually contradictory.
 .   Liar.  Oh?...read up you little punk.  http://www.i-sis.org.uk/SenseNonsense.php   "What do most scientists do when faced with findings that threaten to topple the ruling paradigm? They describe the findings in detail, fail to interpret them correctly, and avoid discussing their practical implications, dismissing incriminating evidence. They try desperately to paper over the cracks of the crumbling edifice and engage in rampant speculations. Dr. Mae-Wan Ho challenges these scientists to tell the truth, to themselves and to the public.  Horizontal gene transfer - the transfer of genes across distinct species including those in different kingdoms - goes counter to modern genetics and to the theory of evolution. In the case of evolution, both the general theory of evolution - that different organisms descended with modification from earlier common ancestors - and the special neo-Darwinian theory - that organisms evolve by the natural selection of random genetic mutations - are under threat.  In 1859, the year that Charles Darwin's Origin of Species took Victorian Britain by storm, Gregor Mendel in Brno, also published his work, which, according to Darwin's followers would have supplied the mechanism of heredity that was lacking from Darwin's theory. It took more than 40 years to the beginning of the last century before Mendel's work was rediscovered to inaugurate the search for the material basis of heredity. As everyone knows, that search culminated in the triumphant discovery of the DNA double-helix.   The significance of DNA for neo-Darwinism is encapsulated in Francis Crick's statement of the 'Central Dogma' of molecular biology: that 'genetic information' flows in one direction only from DNA to RNA to protein, and never in reverse. The Central Dogma lends support to the most hard line genetic determinist assumptions of neo-Darwinism:  Genes determine characters in a straightforward, additive way: one gene-one protein, and by implication, one character. Environmental influence, if any, can be neatly separated from the genetic.  Genes and genomes are stable, and except for rare, random mutations, are passed on unchanged to the next generation.  Genes and genomes cannot be changed directly in response to the environment.  Acquired characters are not inherited.  The first assumption has been severely criticised since modern genetics began. Many biologists including Richard Goldsmith and later, C.H. Waddington have pointed to the large influence that the environment has on development, and that the effects of genes and the environment cannot be disentangled. But discoveries of the complex gene-protein relationship and the fluidity of the genome within the past twenty years have really blown that assumption apart.  Horizontal gene transfer - a key process of the fluid genome - makes neo-Darwinism untenable in perhaps the most explicit fashion. It means that genes and genomes are not stable, that 'characters', encoded by genes, can be acquired under certain environmental conditions, and can be inherited." -------------------------  read this too, punk:  http://www.trueorigin.org/bacteria01.asp
....and this, punk-child:   http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v445/n7126/full/445369a.html   Biology's next revolution  January 25, 2007  ...the convergence of fresh theoretical ideas in evolution and the coming avalanche of genomic data will profoundly alter our understanding of the biosphere - and is likely to lead to revision of concepts such as species, organism and evolution. Here we explain why we foresee such a dramatic transformation, and why we believe the molecular reductionism that dominated twentieth-century biology will be superseded by an interdisciplinary approach that embraces collective phenomena.  It is becoming clear that microorganisms have a remarkable ability to reconstruct their genomes in the face of dire environmental stresses, and that in some cases their collective interactions with viruses may be crucial to this. In such a situation, how valid is the very concept of an organism in isolation? It seems that there is a continuity of energy flux and informational transfer from the genome up through cells, community, virosphere and environment.  The fundamental role of translation, represented in particular by the genetic code, is shown by the clearly documented optimization of the code. Its special role in any form of life leads to the striking prediction that early life evolved in a lamarckian way,  Refinement through the horizontal sharing of genetic innovations would have triggered an explosion of genetic novelty, until the level of complexity required a transition to the current era of vertical evolution. Thus, we regard as regrettable the conventional concatenation of Darwin's name with evolution, because other modalities must also be considered.  HGT CONTRADICTS your theory.
I have no trust in supersport because he is nothing more than a political advocate. He has absolutely no desire to examine the evidence. Proof of this is how he sweeps all contradictory evidence under the rug and why he ignores all suggestions that he do a simple experiment. Creationism = extreme bias.  Oh, by the way, your resistance to evolution hardly proves your version of creationism; it's actually contradictory.  none of your "contradictory evidence" is contradictory at all....it's certainly not evidence for ToE.
Here's another hoax perpetrated by evolutionist Dawson back around 1910. It took 5 decades before being discovered and was even used as evidence in the famous Scopes Trial which furthered the false science of evolution. I can't post the link so here's the article in its entirety.   Piltdown hoax  Piltdown was an archaeological site in England where in 1908 and 1912 human, ape and other mammal fossils were found together. In 1913 at a nearby site was found an ape's jaw with a canine tooth worn down like a human's. The general community of British paleoanthropologists came to accept the idea that the fossil remains belonged to a single creature that had had a human cranium and an ape's jaw. In 1953, Piltdown 'man' was exposed as a forgery. The skull was modern and the teeth on the ape's jaw had been filed down.  To those who are skeptical of science, such as Charles Fort and the Forteans, such episodes as Piltdown are taken to be proof that science is, more or less, bunk. To those who have a better understanding of the nature and limits of science, Piltdown is little more than a wrong turn down a series of roads which, despite such detours, eventually arrives at the right destination.  How had so many scientists been duped? Stephen Jay Gould offers several reasons, among them wishful thinking and cultural bias. The latter, no doubt, played a role in the lack of critical thinking among British paleoanthropologists. But, above all, the Piltdown forgery demonstrates the fallibility of scientific knowledge. It demonstrates, too, the way theories and facts are related in science. Theories are the filters through which facts are interpreted (Popper). Theories try to explain and make sense of facts. On the other hand, facts are used to test theories. Gould notes that today a human cranium with an ape's jaw is considered to be extremely implausible and far-fetched. But in the early part of this century, anthropologists were imbued with the cultural prejudice which considered man's big brain as his ticket to rule, the main evolutionary feature that made it possible for man to develop all his other unique features. Since there was a pre-conceived notion that man's brain must have developed to its human size before other changes occurred in human structure, a human cranium with an ape's jaw didn't arouse as much suspicion as it would today. Fossil discoveries since Piltdown clearly show a progression from small-brained but upright, hence non-simian hominids, to larger-brained upright humans. Scientists "modeled the facts" and confirmed their theory, "another illustration," says Gould, "that information always reaches us through the strong filters of culture, hope, and expectation" (Gould 1982, p. 118). Once committed to a theory, we see what fits with the theory.  The main reason Piltdown was not spotted as a fraud much earlier was that scientists weren't allowed to see the evidence, which was kept securely locked in the British Museum. Instead of focusing their attention on examining the "facts" more closely with an eye to discovering the fraud, scientists weren't even allowed to examine the physical evidence at all! They had to deal with plaster molds and be satisfied with a quick look at the originals to justify the claim that the models were accurate.  Another reason some scientists were duped was probably because it was not in their nature to consider someone would be so malicious as to intentionally engage in such deception. In any case, one of the main fallouts of Piltdown has been a virtual industry of detectives trying to identify the hoaxer. The list of suspects includes:  Charles Dawson, an amateur archaeologist who brought in the first cranial fragments from Piltdown;  Tielhard de Chardin, theologian and scientist who accompanied Dawson and Arthur Smith Woodward (Keeper of Geology at the British Museum [Natural History] in 1912) to Piltdown on expeditions where they discovered the mandible;  W.J. Solass, a professor of geology at Oxford;  Grafton Elliot Smith, who wrote a paper on the find in 1913;  Arthur Conan Doyle, the creator of Sherlock Holmes; and  Martin A.C. Hinton, a curator of zoology at the time of the Piltdown hoax. A trunk with Hinton's initials on it was found in an attic of London's Natural History Museum. The trunk contained bones stained and carved in the same way as the Piltdown fossils.  The evidence in each case is circumstantial and not very strong. What is highly probable is that there will be more books speculating on the identity of the Piltdown hoaxer.  the moral of Piltdown  The moral of Piltdown is that science is a fallible, human activity which does not always take the most direct route in fulfilling its aim of understanding nature. When an anomaly such as the discovery of a human cranium with an ape's jaw occurs one must either fit it into a new theory, re-examine the evidence for error in discovery or interpretation, or show that the so-called anomaly is not really an anomaly at all but in fact fits with current theory. Which route a scientist takes may be guided more by personal hopes and cultural prejudices than by some mythical objectivity characterized by the collection and accumulation of colorless, impersonal facts to be pigeonholed dogmatically into a General Theory of Objective Truth and Knowledge.  But to characterize scientists as arrogant buffoons making claims that often turn out to be false, and to make a caricature out of science because it is not infallible and does not arrive at absolutely certain claims, belies a grave misunderstanding of the nature of science. The buffoons are those who demand absolute certainty where none can be had; the buffoons are those who do not understand the value and beauty of probabilities in science. The arrogant ones are those who think that science is mere speculation because scientists make errors, even egregious errors, or at times even commit fraud to push their prejudices. The arrogant ones are those who can't tell the difference between a testable and an untestable hypothesis and who think one speculation is as good as another. The buffoons are those who think that since both scientists and creationists or other pseudoscientists pose theories, each is doing essentially the same thing. However, all theories are not empirical, and of those that are empirical not all are equally speculative. Furthermore, those creationists who think that Piltdown demonstrates that scientists can't accurately date bones should remember that methods of dating such things have greatly improved since 1910.*  Because of the public nature of science and the universal application of its methods, and because of the fact that the majority of scientists are not crusaders for their own untested or untestable prejudices, as many pseudoscientists are, whatever errors are made by scientists are likely to be discovered by other scientists. The discovery will be enough to get science back on track. The same can't be said for the history of quacks and pseudoscientists where errors do not get detected because their claims are not tested properly. And when critics identify errors, they are ignored by true believers.  (note: Yet another book on the Piltdown hoax has been published since the Hinton trunk discovery. Unraveling Piltdown: The Science Fraud of the Century and Its Solution by John Evangelist Walsh (Random House, 1996) points the finger at Dawson once again.)
We don't say we haven't made mistakes. You, however, who claim to be so smart with all of those awards and spelling bee championships (and yet you say milleniums emoticon_rolleyes ), make mistake after mistake. *Gasp* it's almost like... maybe you don't know much of anything about evolution!  I'm learning 7th grade Science right now, give me a break... I'm bound to get terms mixed up and forget the plural form of millennium. But god forbid if you ally make a mistake or make a small grammar error.
** Actually, neu, the 'special creation by anthropomorphic god' versus 'accidental evolution caused by unspecified, presupposed, natural forces', debate is simply the tip of an ideological iceberg. The real quarrel is the issue of how much human behaviour, in every arena, today and in the future, is to be determined by one worldview as opposed to another one that is clearly antithetical to the first.   This is very serious business that cannot be lightly dismissed. As many y wars have been fought over such ideological quarrels as have ever been fought over plunder and real estate. The reason being that ideology creates political power and self-righteous ego-satisfaction through collective identification with a group, and power and egoism are what human beings really fight for, from schoolyard squabbles to nuclear armageddon.  This division of human worldview is extremely serious, as any analysis of what is misleadingly called, 'the war on ', must tell you. And it is not going to be solved by appeals to mystical but undetectable father-figures in the sky, nor by appeals to mystical and unpredictable happenstance brought about in some vague, nebulous fashion by bits of stuff flying about for unknown and unknowable reasons.  What is necessary to spare us untold shed and the destruction of the only biosphere known to exist in the entire universe, is a reconciliation between these two metaphysical positions, and to do that large chunks of both simply have to be dropped and replaced by something better. Unfortunately there is no record in history of human beings ever doing such a thing, and so I have next to no hope that they will do it now, rather than to go on destroying themselves and all other species on earth.  I partly agree with you, however, I am to stick with creationism, unless a scientist, historian, or somebody else finds an amazing discovery or something of the like that either makes evolution or creationism 100% true.  By the way, if God, Allah, or any other "supreme beings" of the like were not considered to be "real", and just figments of the imagination and such, than why does most of the entire world believe that they are real?   Trust me... If God or any other supreme beings were just fantasy, figments of our imagination, or just a mere bedtime story to make people think good thoughts during harsh times, then why are there only very few Atheists compared to followers of supreme beings?
No? And I suppose it isn't evidence that the organisms evolved from organisms that actually use the structures mentioned? Or do blind fish actually use the remnants of their eyes? And do mitochondria actually use their unnecessary DNA?  just to take an example off that page -- wisdom teeth -- I can show how our diets are causing our brains -- and no-doubt our skulls -- to shrink.  Did you know depression causes the brain to shrink? How about chronic back pain? How about stress? How about a diet high in sugar and inflammatory foods? How about Alzheimers disease? All these cause the brain to shrink and change shape. Ultimately this is how our physiology changed from the days of the Neanderthals. The reality is, they were normal -- or at least closer to the shape of how we were created.... its us who have evolved new and strange shapes.
just to take an example off that page -- wisdom teeth -- I can show how our diets are causing our brains -- and no-doubt our skulls -- to shrink.  Did you know depression causes the brain to shrink? How about chronic back pain? How about stress? How about a diet high in sugar and inflammatory foods? How about Alzheimers disease? All these cause the brain to shrink and change shape. Ultimately this is how our physiology changed from the days of the Neanderthals. The reality is, they were normal -- or at least closer to the shape of how we were created.... its us who have evolved new and strange shapes.  This makes perfect sense.
This makes perfect sense.  stay tuned...I'm about to expand on this in a new thread. I know everyone will just be thrilled. :)
** Why do so many little kids aged seven or less believe in Santa Claus, elves, Rudolph, the Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny? Why are most TV shows about s (and a few boys) with special 'magic powers'? Why are the biggest grossing movies usually about religious or comic book figures with miraculous powers? Why is the author of the Harry Potter novels a billionaire?  And finally, why did so many otherwise intelligent s believe the lies that put the USA in Iraq?  Answer those questions and you will have answered your own question.  Who all believe mostly believe in Santa, elves, Rudolph, the Tooth Fairy, the Easter Bunny, TV shows about s with magic powers, people with miraculous powers, and Harry Potter: Children  However, movies like "The Passion of the Christ" and other movies depicting divine miracle workers and such provide more fact than fiction, unless it is a fictional movie like Harry Potter or something of the like.  Very few s find this stuff interesting, unless they're the "young at heart" or they just haven't grown up yet...
** You've almost got it. Follow that thought and you'll get it.  I know what you're trying to say, but creationism is based on more then just belief.
Wow, this new arguement has completely convinced me. Thanks Archangel!  We'll just ignore how Piltdown man was marginalized decades before it was outed because it didn't fit with existing knowledge. We'll also ignore that it was the same scientists you villify who actually uncovered, and announced, the hoax.  I do like this though: "But to characterize scientists as arrogant buffoons making claims that often turn out to be false, and to make a caricature out of science because it is not infallible and does not arrive at absolutely certain claims, belies a grave misunderstanding of the nature of science. The buffoons are those who demand absolute certainty where none can be had; the buffoons are those who do not understand the value and beauty of probabilities in science. The arrogant ones are those who think that science is mere speculation because scientists make errors, even egregious errors, or at times even commit fraud to push their prejudices. The arrogant ones are those who can't tell the difference between a testable and an untestable hypothesis and who think one speculation is as good as another. The buffoons are those who think that since both scientists and creationists or other pseudoscientists pose theories, each is doing essentially the same thing. However, all theories are not empirical, and of those that are empirical not all are equally speculative. Furthermore, those creationists who think that Piltdown demonstrates that scientists can't accurately date bones should remember that methods of dating such things have greatly improved since 1910.*"  You must be taking lessons from SS. Your article states the opposite of what you thought it did.  Excuses, excuses, excuses. Nothing but excuses. The point is that falsifying info and results has happened many times in the evolutionary search for how man became man.  The Latest Evolution Fraud!   I can remember as a child flicking through the pages of National Geographic Magazines. I didn't realize at the time, that I was filling my mind full with the evolution myth. Recently, we have seen another example of the evolution hoax being publicized in beautiful living color on excellent quality glossy pages. In the November 1999 issue of National Geographic, we encounter "Archaeoraptor", the latest in the never ending series of supposed missing links. A fossil was supposedly discovered in Liaoning, China, which had a reptile like head, feathers, wings and body, like a bird, and the tail of a reptile. And, by the way, the find was made by two scientists who just happened to be funded by National Geographic!  Usually it takes quite a few years to debunk one of these frauds, but this one fell apart rather quickly. Upon close examination, it was found that some of the bones, which should be between the tail and the body, were missing.  We know now that two separate rock slabs containing fossils had been joined together. So we don't have a missing link at all. We have fossils of two different animals cleverly joined together. And, by the way, the feathers weren't feathers either! It is not suggested here that the National Geographic perpetrated the fraud. It is suggested that, in their zeal to spread the evolution myth, they allowed themselves to be duped by a rather simple fraud.  A Science News writer, describing the situation in January, 2000 as follows:   " Red-faced and downhearted, paleontologists are growing convinced that they have been snookered by a bit of fossil fakery from China. The 'feathered dinosaur' specimen that they recently unveiled to much fanfare apparently combines the tail of a dinosaur with the body of a bird...!"  And here's more...  History of hoaxes This wouldn't be the first time that National Geographic, in its eagerness to proselytise for the evolutionary faith, has rushed into print with 'evidence' that has turned out to be a hoax or an overblown claim that was later discredited. Many years ago, the magazine had a glossy picture displaying amazing artistic licence of our supposed ancestor, the 'missing link' Zinjanthropus boisei or 'Nutcracker man', discovered by Louis Leakey.12 Now no evolutionist would claim that this robust australopithecine was a human ancestor-see Marvin Lubenow's book Bones of Contention. Some atheistic/evolutionary/sceptical/anti-Christian websites are, amazingly, trying to downplay the Archaeoraptor fiasco, by pointing out that it was 'science' that put it right. Of course, they deceitfully equate 'science' and 'evolution', although evolutionary wishful thinking was responsible for the hoax in the first place! And now they tell us that NG is a popular general interest magazine and not a peer-reviewed scientific journal-not a peep from them while NG's shameless evolutionary sensationalizing remained unexposed!  And here's more...  'Nebraska Man' revisited by Ian Taylor More about 'Nebraska man'-that now-discarded pig's tooth that was reconstructed by some to look as though it came from a primitive evolutionary 'ape-man'. When Dr Henry Fairfield Osborn, head of the Department of Palaeontology at New York's American Museum of Natural History received the fossil tooth in February 1922, he would have thought it a gift from the gods had he believed in any god at all. Marxist in his views and prominent member of the American Civil Liberties Union, he was aware that plans were being made by the union to challenge the Christian-backed legislation that forbade the teaching of evolution in American schools. He saw the tooth as precious evidence for the test case which was eventually held in 1925 at Dayton, Tennessee, and became known as the 'Scopes Monkey Trial'. The trial was an arranged affair, but the tooth was not brought in as evidence because there was dissension. The truth leaked out slowly and obscurely in the American Museum Novitiates for January 6, 1923, where nine authorities cited their objections to the claim that the tooth was anywhere near related to the primate. A further search was made at Snake Creek, the site of the original discovery, and by 1927 it was begrudgingly concluded that the tooth was that of a species of Prosthennops, an extinct genus related to the modern peccary or wild pig. These facts were not considered generally newsworthy but did appear in Science (1927, 66:579). The fourteenth edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica (1929, 14:767) coyly admitted that a mistake had been made and that the tooth belonged to a 'being of another order'. The burden of embarrassment was thus eased for the now retired Henry Fairfield Osborn. This is not the whole story, however. While the pundits dismissed the affair, believing that the tooth was that of an extinct pig, in 1972 Ralph Wetzel discovered a herd of these very animals alive and well in Paraguay's Chaco. Wetzel gave a complete description of the discovery in Science (1975, 189:379), where the animals were consigned to the genus Catagonus ameghino. It was admitted, however, that this new species is similar to the extinct species Catagonus wagneri. Once again, the fossil record becomes a mere yesterday.  I guess if the truth means nothing then evolution is just fine. But if one is truly seeking real answers to hard questions about human origins then they must create a system that rewards the truth and not the preconceived outcome they decide on in advance which motivates these so called scientists to create outcomes that allow for Grants and Prestigious Awards in order to further their careers.
Ah, so you are in 7th Grade science right now, and yet further back in the thread in post# 75 you say   Which one is it?  I have already studied basic genetics and biology in science class, ranging from genotypes, phenotypes, mitosis, meiosis, Punnet squares, heredity, traits, cells, .etc.  So yes, I do know basic and some intermediate genetics and biology concepts.
And what would that be? Delusion?  Think about it... There is proof of Noah's ark, from some debris found of the remains of a colossal wooden ship, da*ing back to more then 2 millenia ago. There is proof that Jesus Christ was in fact real and did live, and there is also proof of his Ascension into Heaven, so therefore, since these as well as more things from the Bible have been proven, Creationism can be proven as well.
** True. It's based upon a _need_ to believe. The need to believe in a Hero, a Rescuer, a Leader, a Protector, i.e., a supernatural superhuman [anthropomorphic] being who will , care for, and protect little children of all ages, and, at the end of the day, tuck them all, warm and cozy, into their safe little trundle beds..  That wasn't where I was going with that statement. What I was trying to say is that there is some fact supporting creationism.
** That simply is not true. There is no more factual support for creationism than there is factual support for the RMNS darwinian notion of evolution's driving mechanism. Neither have an empirical leg to stand on.  I beg to differ...  There are some flaws with the big bang theory here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Bang_Theory#Features.2C_issues_and_problems
Links? Evidence? Anything at all to substantiate your claims? I'll admit there might be some evidence that Jesus was a real person and that he lived, but none for your other claims.  It has been proven that the Our Lady of Guadalupe shawl is not a fake, which concludes that miracles are possible. How else could the face of Mary appear on a shawl?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Our_Lady_of_Guadalupe#Controversies
What sort of evidence would convert you? Not only is requiring "100% proof" asinine, holding the action of the supernatural as the null hypothesis is fallaciously illogical (i.e. God of the Gaps fallacy).   If the Christian God is real, why do two out of every three people reject it? See why this doesn't work? Your approach is another fallacy, argumentum ad populum (appeal to the people).   If the planets really do revolve around the sun, how come Galileo was the only one who believed it? I guess the planets didn't revolve around the sun until that last person needed to make the majority switched his belief...  You can believe in what you want, and I'll believe in what I want. But there are facts to support each side of this issue.
I find this hilarious, considering that most of what appeared in the movie is not supported by any evidence anywhere, not even the Bible. Gibson took some really big creative liberties, i.e. made sh*t up. Even-- no, especially if you believe the Bible, you'd recognize this.  I never have actually seen the movie, but from reviews on the movie, they do state that there is some fact in the movie.
Right. "Noah's Ark" has been found numerous times in numerous places. Nevermind that a wooden ship that size could not float. As for the rest, head over to the religion section and present this "proof" of these other claims.  A wooden ship of that size can float. Wood floats. Look at other ships like the Titanic or that new cruise ship called the Queen Mary 2.
Some fact? What is it?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Bang_Theory#Features.2C_issues_and_problems
It doesn't show. Or maybe what you consider "basic," I consider "hardly rudimentary." I don't expect a seventh grader to be an anthropology expert or anything, but you should have been exposed to the basics of evolution since fifth grade, and I can hardly believe you've paid any attention.  I did learn about, both evolution and creationism, since I go to Catholic school. And we are further ahead of the public schools in our region... So I wouldn't consider my genetic or biology knowledge to be rudimentary.
Do you really want to get into exposing flaws of theories? I bet you don't. Notice that all of these "flaws" have current hypothetical resolutions. No other collection of hypotheses explains the data better or even simply as well, especially CMB radiation.  Excuses, Excuses...
There are some people out there that are stubborn, like me, and that will never be converted to believing in theory of evolution. So stop trying... Facts don't prove a thing unless the "puzzle" is totally and officially complete. Good luck with that.
...Coming from the guy who didn't even try to rebuff Pandion's explanation of genetics.  Girl... I don't think a guy would have a screen name of wildflowerneu, unless they were a florist or something else of the like.
Oh good. Then you'll be able to explain the human plantaris muscle with a creationist worldview. I look forward to your reply.  While you're at it, tackle all the features mentioned here.  As I said before, you can state all of the facts that you want, but I am never going to believe the evolution theory, unless the "puzzle" is completed and official...
Yes, wood floats. But a wooden ship that large would need extensive metal reinforcement to withstand any realistic seafaring forces; smaller wooden ships are doomed without such reinforcement. Noah had no structural material besides wood. The Titantic (which obviously sank, which is ironic considering the context in which you mention it) and the QMII (and even the QEII, which you probably mean) are not wooden ships.  The Titanic sank because it hit an iceburg, not because it was to heavy to withstand the Atlantic Ocean.   It's called a miracle... I guess you're not a big fan of the Bible.
That's not evidence for creationism. That's not even good evidence against BBT. Do you have any evidence for creationism, that is, that organisms were created (not referring to cosmology or abiogenesis)? The repeated implication that you think that BBT is part of evolutionary theory only makes us believe that you're the standard creationist who has bought into all of the tired old canards that we've seen over and over. (BTW, I used "PRATT" before; it means "point refuted a thousand times." We're not exaggerating.)  Hey, I only tried to give you evidence because you asked for it. As I am saying for the 3rd time, it's almost impossible to convert me, so don't even try with your meaningless facts that mean nothing to me.
And you're not a fan of reading. The Titanic was made of steel, not wood.  I was using it as an example of ships in this day and age.
So all this blustering and yet you admit that you cannot be convinced... unless something amazing happens. So I ask what it would take, and you say that you cannot be convinced... unless something amazing happens.  You already believe stuff without "the 'puzzle' [being] totally and officially complete." In fact, you disbelieve things that you're told by your own religion are perfectly acceptable. In science, nothing is totally and officially complete; we keep looking for answers to new questions, and for you to treat this as if it's a bad thing really goes to show that some people have their outlook on life bass-ackwards.  Put it this way, there's not enough time in the world to prove how right I am and how wrong you are and vice-versa. I'm giving up here and there, not because I lost the debate, but because this issue is wasting to much of my precious time and I could be doing something more constructive, as could you. We could argue about who's right for hours on end, but it's not going to get us anywhere.
You know the saying... "Great minds think alike." ... But you were going to say that, right?  Great Minds?! On what account? lol
Right, but you failed in your attempt, because you didn't give evidence for creationism. You gave examples of what you think are counterarguments to the Big Bang theory; the fact that these "shortcomings" aren't shortcomings at all notwithstanding, this is not evidence for creationism. And, just as I hinted at earlier, it is telling that facts mean nothing to you. No wonder you don't seem to be doing too well in science. ("What's that? Eating this cyanide will kill me? Pfft -- I don't care about mere facts! *munch munch*...)  I'm not a "science idiot". I have always gotten A's in Science. I don't think I am "scientifically challenged".
Yeah, trying to talk some common sense into bull-headed creationsist is like banging our heads into a steel-hulled ship.  It's creationist, not creationsist...  Common sense? Sorry that there are people out there that don't have a Bachelor's degree and what not like me...
There's certainly not enough time in the world to prove yourself right; that simply can't be done when one's position is wrong. Arguing would get somewhere if one would listen to the arguments. Instead, you are desperately clinging to comparing the steel Titanic with a gopher wood ark, arguing that genotypes and individual genetic codes are different, and insisting that you know more as a canard-swallowing 7th grader than degreed professionals.  I generally dislike ripping into 7th graders, but you've earned the treatment you've gotten here today. Sadly for me, you're further supporting evidence that indoctrination starts young and is terribly hard to overcome.  I'm not saying that I know more then degreed professionals. But what goes around comes around... You're just an ignorant that failed to listen to a 7th grader...
Ah, says the one who says "milleniums". At least mine was the simple mistake of adding an extra letter whereas yours was ignorance of the plural form of millenium  Now we're even. So now you can't bring up the instance of millennium and I can't bring up the instance of "creationsist".
So you go to Catholic school, which would teach evolution, yet you know next to nothing about it and claim to have straight As in science? Either you're lying about something, or your school hands out As like they're cheap candy.  Trust me... My school's classes are very hard. Put it this way, if you were to be getting D's in my school, you'd be getting A's at the public school... How would I know basic genetics and biology if I didn't get A's in Science?
Maybe you should listen more to the folks who DO have Bachelor's degrees (myself for one - almost a Masters, which I'll get this spring).  My dad has a Master's degree in Civil Engineering, and I don't know what my mom majors in, though. Therefore I come from a smart family.
We listened to you... and listened to you... and listened to you, and all we have heard so far are ignorance and lies, and an unwilllingness to have an open mind.  On what account?  And I do not recall that I have lied to you in anyway. It is only you who think that I have lied.
That's hilarious. I listen to 7th graders all day. You're one more, except you don't listen to the credentialed person trying to teach you.  What are you, a teacher? If so, then shouldn't you be correcting papers or something?
If you showed this level of "learning" in my class, you'd be lucky to get Ds. It has become quite apparent that you know very little of basic genetics and biology.  So it would seem...
A young Lamarckist? "My parents are smart, therefore I am smart"? Even if that reasoning were true, I'd have you licked.  Abusive parent alert...
Aren't you a student? Shouldn't you be studying or something? From what we've seen here, you certainly should be... You, on the other hand, have no idea what my workload is.  I finished all of my 8 assignments in school.
  And good luck explaining the imperfect universe created by a "perfect" god.  You need to do some more reading. God created humans, each with their own mind, will, and conscience so that they can make their own choices. The world is imperfect because some humans choose to do evil things. If all humans have good minds, wills, and consciences, even if they don't believe in God, then the world would be a better place. It all has to do with the choices that humans make.
Reading comprehension difficulty alert... "Licked" meaning bested, not physically d. My father earned a PhD and my mother a Master's.  You should have included more information in your post then. I don't have a reading comprehension issue, there is more then one meaning for the word "licked"...
Thanks. And really, if his dad really is a civil engineer he should be able to tell him all about it. I know I certainly had my fill of Modulus of elasticity just geting me my Bachelor's in Geological Engineering, I can't imaging how much his dad had to go through with it (my roomate was a Civil, and he had quite a time)  I'm a female... For the second and last time...
Then you have plenty of time to study biology. Hop to it.  Why would I need to study about biology when I already know the basics about it? I don't plan on majoring in biology or genetics in college, so what's the use to study beyond the basics? I am planning on majoring in either Law or Journalism.
Then you have plenty of time to study biology. Hop to it.  Why would I need to study about biology when I already know the basics about it? I don't plan on majoring in biology or genetics in college, so what's the use to study beyond the basics?
Silly me and my desire to educate people...  Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids... lol   Sorry, we needed a little joke that wasn't involved in insulting somebody else... lol
But you clearly don't know the basics. Two people very familiar with seeing waffling and BS on papers saw right through your blubbering about Neanderthal DNA.   You have a plan already? You're in 7th grade. There's a wealth of knowledge for you to obtain before you should even be thinking about your college major. Maybe when you learn something about biology, you'll really like it. The Biblical version you've been taught is really quite boring.  I was not taught the Biblical version of biology... And yes, I already know what I am going to major in, because of the fact that I really like writing poetry, such as haiku and free-verse, and Law just excites me with the courtroom suspense, .etc. I don't plan on becoming a biologist anytime soon. Science for some reason does not excite me, even though I get A's in Science.
I'll venture a guess as to why science doesn't excite you: you don't know or understand enough of it. You think that those "problems" with BBT are actually problems, you think that there's no good evidence for evolution, and you think that there's evidence for creationism (even though you can't provide any).  There's nothing wrong with not loving science, and there's nothing wrong with loving things other than science. But deciding by age 13 the direction you want your life to head is -- shall we say -- premature.  Science, like biology, physics, chemistry, genetics, ecology, anthropology, and medicine don't really interest me. Although I spark some interest in psychology, because it would be very interesting to discover the mysteries of the human mind in one way or another.
I'll venture a guess as to why science doesn't excite you: you don't know or understand enough of it. You think that those "problems" with BBT are actually problems, you think that there's no good evidence for evolution, and you think that there's evidence for creationism (even though you can't provide any).  There's nothing wrong with not loving science, and there's nothing wrong with loving things other than science. But deciding by age 13 the direction you want your life to head is -- shall we say -- premature.  There is plenty of evidence of evolution, but not enough to convince me - trust me, I'm hard to convince; it's not worth even trying.
I'm doubtful: you're Catholic.  I'll let that one slide for now.
No, you come from a family that works hard. One does not become a civil engineer because they are smart: one becomes one though hours and hours and hours of labor, something you apparently refuse to do when it comes to education.  Excuse me? I don't work hard when it comes to education? I've put in hours of studying and such on all of my subjects, more than any kid my age would put in. I actually care about getting a good education, getting good grades, and ending up in a good college...
**  FYI--  " Public release date: 5-Apr-2007 [ Print Article | E-mail Article | Close Window ]  Contact: Audrey Huang audrey@jhmi.edu 410-614-5105 Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions   Need oxygen? Cells know how to spend and save Researchers at Johns Hopkins have discovered how cells fine-tune their oxygen use to make do with whatever amount is available at the moment.  Too little oxygen threatens life by compromising mitochondria that power it, so when oxygen is scarce, cells appear to adjust by replacing one protein with an energy-efficient substitute that "is specialized to keep the motor running smoothly even as it begins to run out of gas," says Gregg Semenza, M.D., Ph.D., a professor of pediatrics and director of the vascular biology program in the Institute for Cell Engineering at Hopkins. "This is one way that cells maintain energy production under less than ideal conditions." A report on the work is in the April 6 issue of Cell.   "Cells require a constant supply of oxygen," Semenza says, "so it's vital for them to quickly react to slight changes in oxygen levels." The protein-swap is how they do it.   In the mitochondria, the tiny powerhouses found in every cell, energy is produced by passing electrons through a series of relay stations called cytochromes until they eventually join with oxygen to form water. This final step is directed by the protein cytochrome coxidase, or COX for short. If electrons react with oxygen before reaching COX, they generate "free radicals" that can damage or destroy cells. The mitochondria are designed to produce energy without excess free radical production at normal oxygen levels.   Semenza's team noticed that one particular component of the COX protein complex, COX4, comes in two different forms, COX4-1 and COX4-2. Under normal oxygen conditions, the cells' mitochondria contain mostly COX4-1. The researchers suspected that COX 4-2 might be the active protein under stressful, low-oxygen conditions, which the researchers refer to as hypoxia.   To test the idea, the team compared the growth of human cells in normal oxygen conditions (what's generally present in normal room air) compared to cells grown in hypoxia. In low oxygen, liver, uterus, lung and colon cells all made COX4-2. The researchers then exposed mice to hypoxia for a few weeks and found that they too showed increased levels of COX4-2.   In 1992, Semenza's team had discovered a protein which they called HIF-1 (for hypoxia-inducible factor 1) that cells make in response to hypoxia. HIF-1 turns on genes that help cells survive when oxygen is low, such as during a heart attack or stroke. The researchers set out to figure out if the sensor protein HIF-1 triggers the COX-swapping.   By examining the gene control regions of COX4, they found that the HIF-1 sensor switched on COX4-2 activity when oxygen is low. And they learned that because COX4-1 already is in the mitochondria, the swap for COX4-2 occurs when the sensor turns on yet another gene that produces an enzyme to specifically chew up COX4-1. Engineering human cells to lack this enzyme and subjecting them to low oxygen, the scientists found the cells unable to rid themselves of COX4-1.   "It's remarkable that the one-celled yeast also swap COX subunits in response to hypoxia, but because they lack HIF-1, they accomplish the swap in a completely different way," says Semenza. "This suggests that adapting mitochondria to changes in oxygen levels may be a major challenge for most organisms on Earth."   ### The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health.   Authors on the paper are Ryo Fukuda, Huafeng Zhang, Jung-whan Kim, Larissa Shimoda, Chi V. Dang, and Semenza, all of Johns Hopkins.   On the Web:  http://www.cell.com/  http://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/geneticmedicine/index.html
funny how darwinists, when presented with evidence that lifeforms are intelligent and dynamic -- which refutes their mechanistic theory -- turn around claim it as evidence for their theory. emoticon_confused Go figure. I guess that's about all they can do at this point: play dumb and hope nobody notices.
Sport, if life-forms - including bacteria - are 'intelligent and dynamic', why does genetic engineering work? Why don't these 'intelligent and dynamic' bacteria reject or ignore the foreign DNA and go on working as before?  ** Duh!! If someone slipped LSD into water, would you "just ignore [it]and go on working as before"? What if you slipped and broke your leg, would you "just ignore it and ..."?  Nobody is claiming that biosystems are utterly spiritual and ethereal, for cripe's sake! Get real.
emoticon_xdonno   Sorry, but intelligent and dynamic lifeforms do not refute naturalistic theories of evolution.   IDism is a dead duck. Indeed, it was neither intelligent nor dynamic.  ToE is a mechanistic theory -- it says life is like a machine. Machines aren't intelligent, they just do what they're made/programmed to do. Darwinists say lifeforms do what they do because of the way their particular genes program them. This is basic stuff.....yet you come along and say this isn't so. So which is it? Is life intelligent or not? If it is intelligent, what is illogical about believing life was designed intelligently by an intelligent designer? The intelligence had to come from somewhere. Where did the information in the DNA code come from?
please notice you misread my question. Here it is again:  SS: The intelligence had to come from somewhere. Where did the information in the DNA code come from?  your answer:     It evolved, so far as we can tell, from simpler systems through a process of duplication and modification of DNA sequences. Highly complex systems can be generated by extremely simple rules, and we are only just beginning to understand them. It's a good and still unanswered question exactly how the DNA information storage system evolved, but appeals to an intelligent designer don't really solve the problem, because then we're stuck with the problem of who designed the designer? If, after all, the designer of a system must be more complex than the system, then the designer him/her/itself must logically have had a more complex designer, and so on ad infinitum. And if a designer doesn't have to be more complex that the system it designs, then what's the conceptual problem with evolution? .  I asked where the information residing in the DNA came from. The physical structure of DNA is not the same as the information contained within. (Just like the physical brain is not the same as the information floating around in your mind.)I'm asking where the information came from to begin with. "Information" does not appear by evolution. Information requires an an intelligent sender; someone/something to "inform." Now where did this information originate?....and there's a whole heck of a lot of it crammed into one tiny genetic code.
This is a load of garbage. Rocks contain information about how old they are. Distant stars emit light that gives us information about their size and distance. Information doesn't require an intelligent sender, at least no more intelligent than a rock or a ball of flaming hydrogen.  ** This is one of those "ill-informed" comments that I prefer to simply ignore. But since it has been inserted into my thread, I'll make a brief response. Anyone who says what symbiote is saying knows nothing about what 'information' means, or what 'data' means, or what 'perception' means, or even what what 'communication' means. To say nothing of 'intelligent', 'dynamic', and other key words.
All natural phenomena (including rocks of course) store information about their age, or structure, or the processes which brought them into existence, etc. Such information exists independently of whether anyone happens to find the means of discovering, accessing, or interpreting it.   The direct "sender" of the physical data contained in a rock sample is the geological activity which accounts for its existence. To probe for further remote and indirect "senders" will ultimately end up in some sort of metaphysical inquiry.  James.  ** Nonsense. By this definition anything that exists is a dynamic communicator, by the simple fact of its own existence. Ridiculous.
Superspurt:  Where did the information come from.  Perhaps you should read this paper about the evolution of biological complexity. I may enlighten you somewhat. Note well how information and complexity are handled in a quantitative way.  http://www.pnas.org/cgi/content/full/97/9/4463  ** From the above link--  "To make a case for or against a trend in the evolution of complexity in biological evolution, complexity needs to be both rigorously defined and measurable. A recent information-theoretic (but intuitively evident) definition identifies genomic complexity with the amount of information a sequence stores about its environment. We investigate the evolution of genomic complexity in populations of digital organisms and monitor in detail the evolutionary transitions that increase complexity. We show that, because natural selection forces genomes to behave as a natural "Maxwell Demon," within a fixed environment, genomic complexity is forced to increase. "  Pure, unadulterated, gibberish.
Pure, unadulterated, gibberish. I have to agree with John Hanks here. You are not enough of a scholar to recognize the import of the words, nor the implications of Adamis in silico experiment. Probably you do not grasp even the motivations for the experiment.emoticon_xdonno  ** Oh, really?!? Tell you what. Prove it. Get together with hanks, or try it alone, but you two geniuses should get off your patronizing, superior, arrogant asses and re-write the passage for us all in your own words, in a way that shows us all that a/what was quoted made sense in the original, and b/you actually understood the meaning in their words. Until you can do that, you are just pompously throwing around personal ad hom put downs, just like all the other junk your pals posted just before this, pretending to make an intellectual response when all you've got is schoolyard yammering.
Tsk, tsk the critic should be able to withstand criticism. I have had many rocks thrown at me in my scientific career, so far no damage. And I have had them tossed my way by some of the best. Do you really think your comments bug me. Its typical of those who have weak arguments to throw rocks when they run out of intellectual defenses.  ** You and your pals make that abunduntly clear in almost every thread you post to.  BTW, get off your butt and prove you can do what I challenged you to do. You know, the straightforward challenge you characterize as 'throwing rocks'.
BTW, get off your butt and prove you can do what I challenged you to do. You know, the straightforward challenge you characterize as 'throwing rocks'. No need your challenge is meaningless and trivial. By the way what was it again? Something about trying to get rid of Shannons general contributions to information theory. Sorry but I don't have the horsepower to try to dethrone Shannon. If you do then proceed.  ** No, it was not. Like I said before, you should sue the person who taught you to read, because you got gipped out of your tuition.  For people who do not know, these guys offered a link, pretending that anyone who looked it up would be converted to their point of view without they themselves having to do any heavy lifting. I quoted the gibberiosh from that link and challenged hanks, 99, and company to a/rewrite the citation in plain English showing that it wasn't just gibberish and b/, showing that any supposed meaning was pertinent to the argument.  As you can see, their bluff called, they fall back on deceit and misdirection.
Let me break down the passage for you and discover what you do not understand. "To make a case for or against a trend in the evolution of complexity in biological evolution, complexity needs to be both rigorously defined and measurable.  Surely thats not the source of your problems. Its intuitively obvious that until you can measure complexity you cannot even begin to discuss the issue.   ** Good guess; no, it's not. Still, you only need to define complexity in objective, non-relative terms, in order to discuss it.  [INDENT]A recent information-theoretic (but intuitively evident) definitionidentifies genomic complexity with the amount of information a sequence stores about its environment.  And thats pretty clear   ** About as clear as mud. None of this defines "complexity". "A recent information-theoretic definition" of what, pray tell? "Complexity"? If "complexity" in the universal sense, then why tie it to a particular sense, i.e., "genomic complexity"? Not only is this rotten English, it's a logical fallacy. Now comes the term "information", without any "rigorously defined and measurable" definition for it, prior to simply lobbing it into this context.   (the paper of course expands the concept considerably) Adami is going to propose a measurement of complexity based on what information a replicator binds into its instruction set through evolution. I hope thats clear to you.  ** The challenge was to translate the entire citation into coherent, intelligible prose. Are you going to give up after the second sentence? And BTW, a "measurement " of complexity without a definition of complexity is ridiculously impossible. But I see no definition on offer, despite the first sentence. And FYI, your, "what information a replicator binds into its instruction set through evolution.", is just as obtuse and opaque, i.e., just as much meaningless unintelligible gibberish, as the authors' original garbage.  We investigate the evolution of genomic complexity in populations of digital organisms and monitor in detail the evolutionary transitions that increase complexity. OK there Adami tells you what he is going to do in order to probe the problem in a theoretical way.  ** Yeah, right, the "genomic complexity" (whatever that is-we still have no definition of 'complexity' to work with?!) in , (it would be hilariously absurd if it weren't so pathetically stupid), "populations" of "digital organisms"!!?!! These guys are certifiably off their rockers. In their/your bizarre world, organisms can be 'digital', live in 'populations', and possess 'genomes'. Lunacy run amok.   The paper again expands this greatly and to understand it you have to do some reading. But its relatively simple when you dig down a bit.  ** Simple-minded you mean. And absurd. No way any reasonable person will dig into that pit.  We show that, because natural selection forces genomes to behave as a natural "Maxwell Demon," within a fixed environment, genomic complexity is forced to increase. " And finally Adami states his basic conclusion as to the significance of his findings.   ** We can all read. Your task was to take this gibberish and turn it into something comprehensible and meaningful, but you don't even try.    Again the paper contains more extended argument and logic on this issue.  ** Instead you fall back on hand-waving.   There it was not so bad was it?  ** It was great. You came right out and displayed your pretentious ignorance to the whole world. Thanks.
Apparently it's not enough to point someone to the Encycopedia Britannica to answer a question. You have to write the encylopedia itself, preferably in words of one syllable. At least if you don't want to be subjected to a finger-pointing, name-calling, logic-free tantrum. Sheesh. This a debate? Its more like self-defense. You might consider the theory that the Bush Administrtion uses similar methods to argue its cases, and that this indicates that Al Gores latest book title is dead on right. In my long and checkered "career" I have found that all you can do with such arguments is to keep on sciencing them to death. Gently and persistently asking the relevant questions in the manner of Socrates. Eventually they illustrate their core weaknesses for all to see and their pseudoscientific garb melts away.  ** You guys just can't keep your hands away from your own egoes, can you. Every time I thump you, as with your latest gibberish fiasco, you run to each each other for a little 'mutual stroking' to relieve the anxiety I cause you.  Hope you brought enough kleenex.
Yes boys and girls, the creationists have got their own museum in Kentucky:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/from_our_own_correspondent/6549595.stm  Now while I myself question evolution with regards to the extinction rates, the replicator molecule and even the age of the Earth, I do know that there is more than enough evidence to prove that the Earth was not created in exactly 6 days a couple of thousand years ago.  Dino's and man living together? Get real. If that were the case, I'd think there would be a mention of that somewhere in the bible (or any other journal). The Grand Canyon being formed by Noah's flood? Yeah that sounds plausible.emoticon_rolleyes  And apparently the continental tectonic plates shifted apart faster than a racecar.  How dumb do the owners of the US want the population to be? I mean, you can't make 'em too dumb because then they'll be totally useless.  I assume that math and English are still taught in school because those are vital job skills for the serfs. They still have to be able to add together the price of 2 Happy Meals and be able to say "Do you want fries with that shake?"  Hard to believe that this is the same country that put a man on the moon...  Dinos are mentioned in the bible. Didn't you know that ?
How and in what context? Was it like: "Oh bugger, Matthew just got eaten by a T-rex!" or was it more like: "Look at this big dino skeleton that I just found!"  The context was as living creatures that they coexisted with. Didn't you know that ? Why else do you think believers reject evo when we have written evidence these so called extinct animals lived among us ? Here's where some of the passages can be found.  http://www.clarifyingchristianity.com/dinos.shtml The Bible's Text  The Bible refers to many the common animals we know today. The list includes lions, wolves, bears, sheep, cattle and dogs along with various kinds of birds, rodents, reptiles, and insects. What is interesting is that this extensive list includes three animals that we no longer recognize. These three are (in the original Hebrew language) tanniyn, b@hemowth (yes, it's spelled correctly-at least as close as we can get in Roman characters), and livyathan.  Although we alter the spelling of behemoth and Leviathan slightly, we still use those same words in bibles today. However, tanniyn is always translated into another word when we write it in English. Tanniyn occurs 28 times in the Bible and is normally translated "dragon." It is also translated "serpent," "sea monster," "dinosaur," "great creature," and "reptile." Behemoth and Leviathan are relatively specific creatures, perhaps each was a single kind of animal. Tanniyn is a more general term, and it can be thought of as the original version of the word "dinosaur." The word "dinosaur" was originally coined in 1841, more than three thousand years after the Bible first referred to "Tanniyn." To make things clearer, we constructed the following table comparing the scientific names with the Biblical names tanniyn, behemoth, and Leviathan.  "Dinosaur" Names, Then and Now Name and date first written in the Bible Scientific Name (best estimate) and date the name appeared tanniyn (dragon) before 1400 BC dinosaur 1841 AD behemoth before 1400 BC brachiosaurus 1903 AD Leviathan before 1400 BC kronosaurus 1901 AD How we got these new names is interesting. In 1822, Mary Ann Mantell became the first person to discover and correctly identify a strange bone as part of a large, unknown reptile. Her husband, Dr. Gideon Mantell, later named this creature an "Iguanodon." From that time forward, these forgotten animals were given names chosen by the people who rediscovered them. Of course, the Bible, written between approximately 1450 BC and 95 AD, does not include any of these names.  Reading the Bible carefully, you will realize that no living creature matches the descriptions of behemoth and Leviathan. However, if you grab your kid's dinosaur book, you will notice several possible matches for each one. Let's examine those.  Behemoth has the following attributes according to Job 40:15-24  It "eats grass like an ox." It "moves his tail like a cedar." (In Hebrew, this literally reads, "he lets hang his tail like a cedar.") Its "bones are like beams of bronze, His ribs like bars of iron." "He is the first of the ways of God." "He lies under the lotus trees, In a covert of reeds and marsh." Some bibles and study bibles will translate the word "behemoth" as "elephant" or "hippopotamus." Others will put a note at the edge or bottom of the page, stating that behemoth was probably an elephant or a hippopotamus. Although an elephant or hippopotamus can eat grass (or lie in a covert of reeds and marsh), neither an elephant or a hippopotamus has a "tail like a cedar" (that is, a tail like a large, tapered tree trunk). In your kid's dinosaur book you will find lots of animals that have "tails like a cedar."  We would expect behemoth to be a large land animal whose bones are like beams of bronze and so forth, so whatever a behemoth is, it is large. A key phrase is "He is the first of the ways of God." This phrase in the original Hebrew implied that behemoth was the biggest animal created. Although an elephant or a hippopotamus are big, they are less than one-tenth the size of a Brachiosaurus, the largest (complete) dinosaur ever discovered.[1] A Brachiosaurus could therefore easily be described as "the first of the ways of God."  Comparing all this information to the description in your kid's dinosaur book, you may come to the conclusion that "behemoth" is not a normal animal, it is a dinosaur-the brachiosaurus. We agree with that conclusion!  Note: Some paleontologists have found fragmentary leg bones, ribs, or vertebrae which they propose belong to "new" sauropods larger than Brachiosaurus. Examples of these include Amphicoelias, Argentinasaurus, Sauroposeidon, Seismosaurus, Supersaurus and Ultrasaurus. There currently is not enough evidence to really determine the size of any of these, and some paleontologists believe that they are merely large examples of known dinosaurs like Brachiosaurus or Diplodocus. In any case, only the "modern scientific name" of behemoth would change. The point would still remain that behemoth refers to a dinosaur, not a "modern animal" like an elephant or hippopotamus. Leviathan has the following attributes according to Job chapter 41, Psalm 104:25,26 and Isaiah 27:1. This is only a partial listing-just enough to make the point.  "No one is so fierce that he would dare stir him up." "Who can open the doors of his face, with his terrible teeth all around?" "His rows of scales are his pride, shut up tightly as with a seal; one is so near another that no air can come between them; they are joined one to another, they stick together and cannot be parted." "His sneezings flash forth light, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning. Out of his mouth go burning lights; sparks of fire shoot out. Smoke goes out of his nostrils, as from a boiling pot and burning rushes. His breath kindles coals, and a flame goes out of his mouth." "Though the sword reaches him, it cannot avail; nor does spear, dart, or javelin. He regards iron as straw, and bronze as rotten wood. The arrow cannot make him flee; slingstones become like stubble to him. Darts are regarded as straw; he laughs at the threat of javelins." "On earth there is nothing like him, which is made without fear." Leviathan "played" in the "great and wide sea" (a paraphrase of Psalm 104 verses 25 and 26-get the exact sense by reading them yourself). Leviathan is a "reptile [a] that is in the sea." (Isaiah 27:1) [a] Note: The word translated "reptile" here is the Hebrew word tanniyn. This shows that "Leviathan" was also a "tanniyn" (dragon).  Unlike behemoth, who is huge, Leviathan is ferocious and terrifying. Many references (we have not listed them all) refer to the sea, so Leviathan is probably a sea creature. Although some bibles refer to Leviathan as an alligator or crocodile (and both of these are fierce) neither of these is a sea creature. They like the water, but they spend much of their time on land. Further, the question "Who can open the doors of his face. . . ." implies that nobody can open Leviathan's jaws. Although an alligator's jaws cannot normally be forced open, a punch to their sensitive snout or poke in eye might startle them enough to release their grip.[2] Although this is a good description of an alligator characteristic, it does not fit perfectly with the description of Leviathan, which in the context of the Bible was supposed to describe an essentially impossible event, and we are not done yet.  The description of the scales is interesting. Several verses describe these great scales. Compared to Leviathan's armor, iron is like straw and arrows ca not make it flee. Let's face it, an arrow can do a lot of damage to a crocodile or alligator. This is not a description of either of them-or any living animal we are aware of.  And now for the key ingredient: fire. It is hard to read Job 41:18-21 without realizing the Bible is telling us that Leviathan breathes fire. That alone will eliminate almost every living animal. Yes, there is one animal like that in today's world. It is called a bombardier beetle. This beetle is a native of Central America, and has a nozzle in its hind end that acts like a little flame thrower. It sprays a high-temperature jet of gas (fueled by hydroquinones and hydrogen peroxide with oxidative enzymes) for protection. Now, if a Central American beetle can do it, so could Leviathan. By the way, crocodiles and alligators are out of the picture on this one, don't you agree?  Before we leave the topic of fire, there are two more notes you may find interesting:  The history of every culture is filled with stories of fire-breathing dragons. If you think about it, in all the past ages wouldn't someone have made up a story of a fire-breathing lion or something? Nobody did because the dragon stories are based on truth, and only "dragons" breathed fire. It is easy to imagine Leviathan as a member of the dragon (tanniyn) family. (Plus, Isaiah 27:1 strongly implies this connection.) Many fossil dinosaur skulls contain unexplained, empty passages. Scientists have not been able to guess the reason for these passages. Would it make sense that some dinosaurs used these passages as "gas tanks" for the combustible mixture used to "breathe fire?" We believe it does. Comparing all this information to the description in your kid's dinosaur book, you may come up with the conclusion that Leviathan is a kronosaurus. We have heard (and read) other suggestions, but the kronosaurus is the best match of any known creature to the description of Leviathan.
Now for your reading pleasure is documented secular sources for many sightings that have occured much more recently than the Old Testament references in the bible that you will no doubt scoff at in your typical elitist manner. But how do you disregard the actual sighting that common people reported to authorities of their period that rather than be considered the lunatic ravings of crazy people were responded to by recording the sightings for posterity or actually forming hunting parties to track down the beasts ?   Dinosaurs In History  The Evidence Left Behind  ©TrueAuthority.com - 02  The dragon . . . one of the principle and most powerful, prevalent symbols of history as we know it. How could such reverential, awe-inspiring creatures of man's simple imagination have such an impact upon almost every civilization of the past? Could it be, just perhaps, that what countless numbers of people have written about through the course of time could have been actual, living animals? To some this seems absurd, but when all the facts and truths are put together, much more than myth and legend are revealed.   Introduction  To test this assertion, we will now examine the issue by considering the written evidence that has survived from the records of various ancient peoples that describe, sometimes in most graphic detail, human encounters with living giant reptiles that we today would call dinosaurs. And as we shall see, some of those records are not so ancient.  First, however, let's briefly look at the common "dragon knowledge" we read from our history books. The ancient Norsemen adorned the prows of their vessels with carved likenesses of dragons. Among the Celtic conquerors of Britain the dragon was a symbol of sovereignty. Dragons were also depicted on the shields of the Teutonic tribes that later invaded Britain, and it appeared on the battle standards of the English kings as late as the 16th century. Beginning in the early 20th century, it was inscribed on the armorial bearings of the Prince of Wales.  The dragon also figures in the mythology of various Oriental countries, notably Japan and China. It is deified in the Daoist (Taoist) religion and was the national emblem of the Chinese Empire. Among the Chinese people, the dragon is traditionally regarded as a symbol of good fortune.[1]  More than myths and legends, however, we find a numerous amount of accurate historical accounts of "dinosaur-like" dragons from all around the world.  Following from source [2] --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  FRANCE  The city of Nerluc was renamed in honor of the killing of a "dragon" there. This animal was bigger than an ox and had long, sharp, pointed horns on its head. There were a number of different horned dinosaurs. The Triceratops is one example.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ITALY  A scientist named Ulysses Aldrovandus carefully described a small "dragon" seen along a farm road in northern Italy. The date was May 13, 1572. The poor, rare creature was so small that a farmer killed it just by knocking it on the head with his walking stick.  The animal had done nothing wrong but hiss at the farmer's oxen as they approached it on the road. The scientist got the dead body and made measurements and a drawing. He even had the animal mounted for a museum. It had a long neck, a very long tail and a fat body.  The skeletons of a number of ancient reptile-like creatures match this basic description.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  CHINA  Thousands of dragon stories and pictures can be found in ancient Chinese books and art. One interesting legend tells about a famous Chinese man named Yu. After the great world flood, Yu surveyed the land of China and divided it into sections. He "built channels to drain the water off to the sea" and helped make the land livable again. Many snakes and "dragons" were driven from the marshlands when Yu created the new farmlands.  Ancient Chinese books even tell of a family that kept "dragons" and raised babies. It is said that in those days, Chinese kings used "dragons" for pulling royal chariots on special occasions, a fact of which famous explorer Marco Polo himself attested to.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Summary  Over the years of time, truth can often become distorted; events are exaggerated, facts are made more exciting. This, we believe, is the case with dinosaurs and dragons. Today we think of them as magical, mystical, fictitious beings, but as any historian will tell you, almost all legends and myths are based on true, actual facts and events. A fire-breathing dragon? Is it possible? Scientists still are puzzled by hollow naval cavities found in the skulls of many dinosaur specimens found today. They seem to serve no purpose. Or did they?  Delve into this exciting topic. We ask the skeptic to read, observe the evidence, and keep an open mind. History, we hope, will never be the same.   ----------------------------------- DINOSAUR EXTINCTION Putting Two and Two Together...  If one was to conduct a questionnaire, a questionnaire putting forth one simple question, given to people of average intelligence, a result would entail revealing an astounding "hidden knowledge" inherent in us human beings. It would be as follows:  "What historical animal, real or fictitious, do we have more stories about being killed because of its threat to people?"  It might take a brief minute of thinking, but the majority would unquestionably reply "A dragon." Why? Why do we have so many legends, accounts, and fire-side tales of these large, ferocious, reptilian creatures? . . . and why, to step further, are they all acquainted with death? Why is there always a knight, noble, king, or peasant, sent by the people to slay the dragon? And why, we must honestly ask ourselves, do dragons possess so many similarities to what we today know as dinosaurs?  Let us begin with the first question. As every historian will tell you, historical legends are all based on some amount of fact, i.e. King Arthur, Robin Hood, Gilgamesh, etc. More then just your common stories, legends do in fact open the door in allowing us to, in a sense, go back in time. We can ponder the truths given in the legend of St. George and his encounter with a reptilian animal. While some dragon legends possess exaggerations, magic and marvelous deeds, the account of St. George is free from any of this.  However, when one finds actual accounts, accounts written as if one was writing about an encounter with a lion or bear of today, the notion that dinosaurs were only animals of "pre-historic times" becomes absurd.   DINOSAURS IN HISTORY British Isles - Anglo-Saxon Records [3]  One account takes us back to the days of the early Britons, from whom the modern Welsh are descended. They provide us with our earliest surviving European accounts of reptilian monsters, one of whom killed and devoured King Morvidus in 336 B.C. We are told in the amazing account, translated for us by Geoffrey of Monmouth, that the monster "gulped down the body of Morvidus as a big fish swallows a little one." Geoffrey himself described the animal as a Belua. The Belua was described as reptilian, and when we endeavor to compare it with any other animal of today, coupled with the fact that it gulped down Morvidus "as a big fish swallows a little one," we find it difficult in doing so. No land animal of today, let alone reptilian, could devour a human by such standards. Therefore, Geoffrey was either a flat out liar, or he told the truth.  In the British Isles alone there are approximately 200 locations in which dinosaur activity has been reported. Going into the future to the year 1405, we now visit Bures in Soffolk, where a chronicle reveals to us the physical reality of yet another dinosaur:  "Close to the town of Bures, near Sudbury, there has lately appeared, to the great hurt of the countryside, a dragon, vast in body, with a crested head, teeth like a saw, and a tail extending to an enormous length. Having slaughtered the shepherd of a flock, it devoured many sheep."  After an unsuccessful attempt by local archers to kill the beast, due to its impenetrable hide:  "...in order to destroy him, all the country people around were summoned. But when the dragon saw that he was again to be assailed with arrows, he fled into a marsh or mere and there hid himself among the long reeds, and was no more seen."  As you continue to read, you may perhaps think to yourself, "Why aren't these chronicles from history more well known? Why have I not heard or read about these things before?" Sadly, most historians throw aside these accounts, simply because the word "dragon" is used. As the term "dinosaur" wasn't invented until the 1800s, to do so is foolish and a detriment to history itself.  In the 15th century, according to a contemporary chronicle that still survives in Canterbury Cathedral's library, the following incident was reported. On the afternoon of Friday, September 26, 1449, two giant reptiles were seen fighting on the banks of the River Stour (near the village of Little Cornard) which marked the English county borders of Suffolk and Essex. One was black, and the other "reddish and spotted". After an hour-long struggle that took place "to the admiration of many beholding them", the black monster yielded and returned to its lair, the scene of the conflict being known ever since as Sharpfight Meadow.  As late as August, 1614, the following sober account was given of a strange reptile that was encountered in St. Leonard's Forest in Sussex.  The sighting was near a village that was known as 'Dragon's Green' long before this report was published. Original writing has been kept for authenticity:  "This serpent is reputed to be nine feete, or rather more, in length, and shaped almost in the form of an axletree of a cart: a quantite of thickness in the middest, and somewhat smaller at both endes. The former part, which he shootes forth as a necke, is supposed to be an elle long (3 ft. 9 inch); with a white ring, as it were, of scales about it. The scales along his back seem to be blackish, and so much as is discovered under his bellie, appeareth to be red . . . it is likewise discovered to have large feete, but the eye may there be deceived, for some suppose that serpents have no feete . . . (The dragon) rids away as fast as a man can run. His food (rabbits) is thought to be, for the most part, in a conie-warren, which he much frequents . . . There are likewise upon either side of him discovered two great bunches so big as a large foote-ball, and (as some thinke) will in time grow to wings, but God, I hope, will (to defend the poor people in the neighbourhood) that he shall be destroyed before he grows to fledge."  This dragon was reportedly seen in various places within a circuit of three or four miles, and the pamphlet named some of the still-living witnesses who had seen him. These included as follows: John Steele, Christopher Holder, and a certain "widow woman dwelling neare Faygate". Another witness was "the carrier of Horsham, who lieth at the White Horse (inn) in Southwark". One of the locals set his two mastiffs onto the monster, and apart from losing his dogs, he was fortunate to escape with his own life, for the dragon was already credited with the deaths of a man and woman at whom it had spat and how consequently had been killed by its venom. When approached unwittingly, our pamphleteer tells us the monster was:  "...of countenance very proud and at the sight or hearing of men or cattel will raise his neck upright and seem to listen and looke about, with great arrogancy."  Fascinating . . . a true eyewitness account of typically reptilian behavior.  Going ahead to the year 1867, less than 200 years ago (2 years after the American Civil War), the monster that lived in the woods around Fittleworth in Sussex was last seen. It would reportedly run up to people hissing and spitting if they happened to stumble across it unawares, although it never harmed anyone. Several such cases could be cited, but suffice it to say that too many incidents like these are reported down through the centuries and from all sorts of locations for us to say that they are all fairy-tales.  VENOMOUS SALIVA?  Let us stop for a moment to consider an interesting and historically repeated fact. Some of these reptilian monsters, as reported here twice, are said to have spit at their enemies. Not only that, their saliva was said to be lethal. Being acquainted with Hollywood, one immediately thinks back upon the blockbuster hit, Jurassic Park, in which a Dilophosaurus spits at and kills a main character. Amazingly, the description given in the 1405 account seems to accurately portray a living Dilophosaurus, as shown right. Again, the animal was "vast in body, with a crested head, teeth like a saw, and a tail extending to an enormous length."  DILOPHOSAURUS  What distinguishes itself the most among these descriptions is the "crested head." The name Dilophosaurus means "two-crested lizard." It was given this name for the two ridges, or crests, of very thin bone, that ran side by side on its head, from behind the eyes to the tip of the nose.  "Vast in body..."  The Dilophosaurus could grow to a length of 20 feet (6 meters), and was extremely thick.  "Teeth like a saw..."  The Dilophosaurus is notorious in the scientific community for its razor sharp teeth. It also possessed three-fingered hands attached with sharp-claws. From the look of its skeleton, it appeared to be an extremely fierce hunter.  One other note of interest are the crests of this particular dinosaur. The bone is as thin as paper, making it an obviously delicate (and vulnerable) part of its body. A typical question you may find when reading about a Dilophosaurus is, "Could it have attacked and fought other large dinosaurs without damaging its delicate crest? Or did it prey only on small creatures?" Believing that a few species of this animal were still alive only a few hundred years ago, the logical conclusion to this question would be the latter question . . . small creatures.  The following is a list of locations throughout Britain where dinosaur activity has been historically reported:  Aller, Somerset; Anwick, Lincolnshire; Bamburgh, Nothumberland; Beckhole, North Yorkshire; Bedd-yr-Afranc, Wales; Ben Vair, Scotland; Bignor Hill, West Sussex; Bishop Auckland, Durham; Bisterne, Hampshire; Brent Pelham, Hertfordshire; Brinsop, Hereford and Worcester; Bures, Suffolk; Cadbury Castle, Devon; Carhampton, Somerset; Castle Carlton, Lincolnshire; Castle Neroche, Somerset; Challacombe, Devon; Churchstanton, Somerset; Cnoc-na-Cnoimh, Scotland; Crowcombe, Somerset; Dalry, Scotland; Deerhurst, Gloucestershire; Dol-y-Carrog, Wales; Dragonhoard, Oxfordshire; Drake Howe, North Yorkshire; Drakelow, Derbyshire; Drakelowe, Worcestershire; Filey Brigg, North Yorkshire; Handale Priory, North Yorkshire; Henham, Essex; Hornden, Essex; Kellington, North Yorkshire; Kilve, Somerset; Kingston St. Mary, Somerset; Lambton Castle, Durham; Linton, Scotland; Little Cornard, Suffolk; Llandeilo Graban, Wales; Llanraeadr-ym-Mochnant, Wales; Llyn Barfog, Wales; Llyn Cynwch, Wales; Llyn Llion, Wales; Llyn-y-Gader, Wales; Llyn-yr-Afanc, Wales; Loch Awe, Scotland; Loch Maree, Scotland; Loch Morar, Scotland; Loch Ness, Scotland; Loch Rannoch, Scotland; Longwitton, Northumberland; Ludham, Norfolk; Lyminster, West Sussex; Manaton, Devon; Money Hill, Northumberland; Moston, Cheshire; Newcastle Emlyn, Wales; Norton Fitzwarren, Hereford and Worcester; Nunnington, North Yorkshire; Old Field Barrows, Shropshire; Penllin Castle, Wales; Penmark, Wales; Penmynydd, Wales; St. Albans, Hertfordshire; St. Leonard's Forest, West Sussex; St. Osyth, Essex; Saffron Waldon, Essex; Sexhow, North Yorkshire; Shervage Wood, Hereford and Worcester; Slingsby, North Yorkshire; Sockburn, Durham; Stinchcombe, Gloucestershire; Strathmartin, Scotland; Walmsgate, Lincolnshire; Wantley, South Yorkshire; Well, North Yorkshire; Wherwell, Hampshire; Whitehorse Hill, Oxfordshire; Winkleigh, Devon; Wiston, Wales; Wormelow Tump, Hereford and Worcester; Wormingford, Essex.   ----------------------------------- FOR US TO SEE...FOR US TO READ What Our Ancestors Have Left Behind...  The arguments against dinosaurs existing in recent history become more and more desperate as the truth unfolds. The next weapon the skeptic often unsheathes is a question, unfortunately, many individuals have a hard time answering:  "What painting, drawings, or carvings do we find of living dinosaurs? Animals of all kinds have been artistically portrayed all throughout history, so why not dinosaurs?"  Sadly, only ignorance cannot give an ample answer to this question. Take, for instance, the Roman mosaic shown to the right. Dated around the 2nd century A.D., this piece of artwork portrays two large, long-necked animals. No fanciful wings, no multiple heads, no magical, mythical characteristics . . . simply two large creatures that the artist took his time to portray. Trusting that the animals were based upon first-hand experience, and taking into account that the artist deliberately placed them by the sea, it would appear that these were a species of Tanystropheus, an aquatic, webbed dinosaur.[2]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  We now move on to a phenomenon which occurred almost 40 years ago. Known as the Ica Stones of Peru, they first came to the attention of the scientific community in 1966 when Dr. Javier Cabrera, a local physician, received a small, carved rock for his birthday from a poor native. The carving on the rock looked ancient to Dr. Cabrera, but intrigued him because it seemed to depict a primitive fish. Hearing that the doctor was interested in the stone, local natives began to bring him more, which they collected from a river bank. This soon developed into a vast collection of more than 50,000 stones, many etched with seemingly impossible scenes. Whereas it might be difficult to prove that the fish represented a long-extinct species, as Dr. Cabrera thought, other scenes carved on other stones are not so ambiguous. They clearly depict such dinosaurs as triceratops, stegosaurus, apatosaurus, and human figures riding on the backs of flying pterodactyls. What's more, some of the scenes are of men hunting and killing dinosaurs. Others show men watching the heavens through what look like telescopes, performing open-heart surgery, and cesarean section births.  As many ancient civilizations were more advanced then previously thought, telescopes and performed surgeries should not come as a surprise. However, to see dinosaurs etched on these stones does come as a surprise (to many). Again, in all, more than 50,000 stones discovered, varying in size from that of a baseball to as large as a sofa. As a first thought, the mere large number of them indicates that they are indeed genuine 'relics.' However, more proof is needed, and of that, such proof exists.  The stones themselves are composed of andesite, a very hard mineral that would make etching quite difficult with primitive tools. They are covered with a natural varnish that is created by bacteria over thousands of years. The etching is made by scraping away this dark varnish to reveal the lighter mineral beneath. According to some reports, examinations of the stones show that the grooves of the etchings also bear traces of additional varnish, however, indicating that they are very old.  Ica natives had, in fact, been selling such stones to the tourist trade. Interestingly, the natives of the area can still be seen today making etchings on stones in the style of the Ica Stones to sell to tourists. However, the distinction between their product and the "genuine" stones is that the newly etched stones clearly scrape away all of the varnish. In essence, the present-day Ica's cannot make them like the ones found years ago. This, of course, is a very significant fact.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  At a museum in Manitou Springs, Colorado, exists an artifact on display that has raised more questions than anything else ever discovered in the area; An Indian prayer stick, roughly a foot long, with a crested head, eyes on both sides, and a mouth. When looked upon by anyone acquainted with "prehistoric reptiles," whether it be the common 4-year old to the respected paleontologist, its identity simply cannot, and will not, be ignored. The artistically and well-defined head of a Pterodactyl stands atop the stick, raising many questions of how they molded the head of a species long extinct, and why they did so. Many legends exist of large "reptilian birds" in the area, and this, as of now, appears to be the only realistic answer.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  The portrayal from a Saxon shield discovered years ago reveals the same unmistakable creature. A flying reptile at rest, wings folded along its sides, a long beak, and that full of teeth. Comparison of this with a modern reconstruction of a Pterodactyl or similar animal is most instructive, especially when looking back into Anglo-Saxon history. As late as the beginning of the present century, elderly folk at Penllin in Glamorgan used to tell of a colony of winged serpents that lived in the woods around Penllin Castle. As Marie Trevelyan tells us:  "The woods around Penllin Castle, Glamorgan, had the reputation of being frequented by winged serpents, and these were the terror of old and young alike. An aged inhabitant of Penllyne, who died a few years ago, said that in his boyhood the winged serpents were described as very beautiful. They were coiled when in repose, and 'looked as if they were covered with jewels of all sorts. Some of them had crests sparkling with all the colours of the rainbow.' When disturbed they glided swiftly, 'sparkling all over', to their hiding places. When angry, they 'flew over people's heads, with outspread wings bright, and sometimes with eyes too, like the feathers in a peacock's tail'. He said it was 'no old story invented to frighten children', but a real fact. His father and uncle had killed some of them, for they were as bad as foxes for poultry. The old man attributed the extinction of the winged serpents to the fact that they were 'terrors in the farmyards and coverts'."[3]  This account is intriguing in many respects, not the least being the fact that it is not a typical account of dragons. The creatures concerned were not solitary and monstrous beasts, but small creatures that lived in colonies.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  A stone can be seen inside the church of SS. Mary and Hardulph at Breedon-on-the-Hill in Leicestershire . . . a stone with very peculiar, graphic engravings; A portrayal from Saxon times of an attack on a herd of long-necked quadrupeds (four-legged) by a bipedal (two-legged) predator. Note the predator's two large legs and puny forelimbs. This portrayal conforms very closley indeed to the description of Grendel, and is a clear indication that such creatures were to be seen on the British mainland as well as the Continent, as is also shown by Athelstan's and other charters.[3]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1902, a group of scientists and workmen dug up part of the wall of a 2,500-year-old city. On that wall was a mystery.  The city was Babylon, which once stood on the banks of the Euphrates River in the Near East, in what is now the nation of Iraq. Babylon was once the capital of the kingdom of Babylonia, one of the world's greatest cities. It was a huge square of houses, temples, and palaces, surrounded by a high wall made of shiny, colored bricks. What scientists discovered and dug up was a part of the wall with a gateway. The gateway was decorated with sculptors of three kinds of animals, arranged in rows. One animal was a lion, while another was a bull. The third, however, was a strange creature such as none of the scientists had ever seen before.  The creature had a scaly body with a long tail and a long snakelike neck. A forked tongue, like the tongue of a snake, stuck out its mouth, and a long horn stuck up from its forehead. Its front legs looked much like the legs and feet of a cat. However, it had scaly back legs, along with clawed feet. Whatever animal this thing was, the portrayer certainly made it clear that it was a reptile. Interestingly, the artists had shown the muscles and skin and hair of the lion and bull so well that those animals looked almost real. And what they showed of this creature, too, looked almost real.  Surprising though it seems, even though the scientists had never seen this creature before, they knew what it was supposed to be, for the king, that is, King Nebuchadnezzar, had left writings that described the decoration. The writings, found and translated, revealed that Nebuchadnezzar had called the creature a Sirrush, which was the Babylonian word for Dragon.[4]  In some versions of the Bible, contained in the last few chapters of Daniel, the Sirrush is made mention of. In fact, it is the subject of a controversial situation. The Sirrush, or dragon, was kept in a temple in Babylon during the days of Nebuchadnezzar. This creature was worshipped as a god, and according to the story, the Hebrew prophet Daniel proved that the creature was not a god by feeding it poisoned food, which eventually killed it.  Whether or not we today regard the Sirrush as a living, breathing animal, King Nebuchadnezzar and the Babylonians did, and it perhaps would be wise for us to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Much more could be written about dinosaurs throughout the history of mankind, and such will be written. For now, consider not only the possibility of dinosaurs alongside man, but moreso, the distinct probability.     References:  1. Microsoft Encarta Encyclopedia 2005 Reference Library Premium (DVD), article: 'Dragon'. 2. The Great Dinosaur Mystery. Chariot Victor Publishing, Colorado Springs, Colorado, 80918. Paul S. Taylor. ©1987. 3. After The Flood. New Wine Press, PO Box 17, Chichester, West Sussex, PO20 6YB, England. Bill Cooper. 1995. 4. Childcraft Annual, Mysteries and Fantasies, World Book Inc., 'What Was the Sirrush of Babylon?', pp. 156-159. 1986.     http://www.trueauthority.com/dinosaurs/dinosaurhistory.htm
And here is one more link of testimonials titled Dragons and Serpents in Sussex. These are actual stories that can be researched and found in the ancient records of libraries that still exist in England.  http://www2.prestel.co.uk/aspen/sussex/dragon.html
I wonder if Archangel's sources are not aware that the word that is translated as tail in the case of the behemoth also had other meanings. It also meant "stump", which was slang for penis. That certainly fits how the behemoth "let" his tail hang. And since this becomes pretty clear when you take into account that this is all in a discussion of the strength in his loins, and the force in the navel of his belly (any animals with tails there?), and in the same verse with the "tail" it mentions his stones that are wrapped together. Gosh. I wonder what his "stones" might be.  Prove that by posting the actual word used in the bible and then the actual translation of that word. Your opinion means little and still does nothing to explain the numerous eye witness accounts from the dark and middle ages in Europe. I can't believe that with all of the separate and distinct testimonials that you try to explain his tail as actually being his penis. Very weak indeed pandion.
Here's a civil war picture and story about creatures you will recognize that still lived during the American Civil War. True, this photographic evidence fly's in the face of all of your preconcieved notions, but you must admit it defies the argument that these creatures have been extinct for 60 million years. And if they were around less than 200 years ago, what does that say for never dating even one fossil evos have found at less than millions of years old. Could my constant assertions that deceptions are rampant have some validity now ? I mean, shouldn't at least some of the fossils be from the modern era if we are to believe the many first hand accounts described in the above posts ?  www.omniology.com/LivingPterodactyls.html
You seriously expect us to believe there were eye witness reports of dragons?  I don't expect you to believe anything outside of your limited range of understanding. But now I'll expect the scoffing and mocking to start, but no evidence to substantiate your ridiculous claims of soft tissue lasting 60 million years when I have just provided good evidence that it is very reasonable to believe that the soft tissue from the T-Rex isn't more than a few thousand years old at best. That dinos and in fact dragons are contemporaries of humans, not distant evolutionary descendents.
But please explain these cave drawings and how primitive indians could draw such accurate cave drawings of creatures we now know to have existed through science but they could never have known about from 60 million year old bones. Can you explain that OC ?  http://www.omniology.com/AnasaziDino.html
But please explain these cave drawings and how primitive indians could draw such accurate cave drawings of creatures we now know to have existed through science but they could never have known about from 60 million year old bones. Can you explain that OC ?  http://www.omniology.com/AnasaziDino.html  You guys are real good at picking and choosing the points you'll respond to. but until you answer, rather than just mock how the anasazi drew creatures that were allegedly extinct for 60 million years and these eye witness accounts from between 300 AD and 1680 AD then you're just proving how deeply in denial you are to the real facts.   Dinosaurs In History  The Evidence Left Behind  ©TrueAuthority.com - 02  The dragon . . . one of the principle and most powerful, prevalent symbols of history as we know it. How could such reverential, awe-inspiring creatures of man's simple imagination have such an impact upon almost every civilization of the past? Could it be, just perhaps, that what countless numbers of people have written about through the course of time could have been actual, living animals? To some this seems absurd, but when all the facts and truths are put together, much more than myth and legend are revealed.   Introduction  To test this assertion, we will now examine the issue by considering the written evidence that has survived from the records of various ancient peoples that describe, sometimes in most graphic detail, human encounters with living giant reptiles that we today would call dinosaurs. And as we shall see, some of those records are not so ancient.  First, however, let's briefly look at the common "dragon knowledge" we read from our history books. The ancient Norsemen adorned the prows of their vessels with carved likenesses of dragons. Among the Celtic conquerors of Britain the dragon was a symbol of sovereignty. Dragons were also depicted on the shields of the Teutonic tribes that later invaded Britain, and it appeared on the battle standards of the English kings as late as the 16th century. Beginning in the early 20th century, it was inscribed on the armorial bearings of the Prince of Wales.  The dragon also figures in the mythology of various Oriental countries, notably Japan and China. It is deified in the Daoist (Taoist) religion and was the national emblem of the Chinese Empire. Among the Chinese people, the dragon is traditionally regarded as a symbol of good fortune.[1]  More than myths and legends, however, we find a numerous amount of accurate historical accounts of "dinosaur-like" dragons from all around the world.  Following from source [2] --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  FRANCE  The city of Nerluc was renamed in honor of the killing of a "dragon" there. This animal was bigger than an ox and had long, sharp, pointed horns on its head. There were a number of different horned dinosaurs. The Triceratops is one example.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ITALY  A scientist named Ulysses Aldrovandus carefully described a small "dragon" seen along a farm road in northern Italy. The date was May 13, 1572. The poor, rare creature was so small that a farmer killed it just by knocking it on the head with his walking stick.  The animal had done nothing wrong but hiss at the farmer's oxen as they approached it on the road. The scientist got the dead body and made measurements and a drawing. He even had the animal mounted for a museum. It had a long neck, a very long tail and a fat body.  The skeletons of a number of ancient reptile-like creatures match this basic description.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  CHINA  Thousands of dragon stories and pictures can be found in ancient Chinese books and art. One interesting legend tells about a famous Chinese man named Yu. After the great world flood, Yu surveyed the land of China and divided it into sections. He "built channels to drain the water off to the sea" and helped make the land livable again. Many snakes and "dragons" were driven from the marshlands when Yu created the new farmlands.  Ancient Chinese books even tell of a family that kept "dragons" and raised babies. It is said that in those days, Chinese kings used "dragons" for pulling royal chariots on special occasions, a fact of which famous explorer Marco Polo himself attested to.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Summary  Over the years of time, truth can often become distorted; events are exaggerated, facts are made more exciting. This, we believe, is the case with dinosaurs and dragons. Today we think of them as magical, mystical, fictitious beings, but as any historian will tell you, almost all legends and myths are based on true, actual facts and events. A fire-breathing dragon? Is it possible? Scientists still are puzzled by hollow naval cavities found in the skulls of many dinosaur specimens found today. They seem to serve no purpose. Or did they?  Delve into this exciting topic. We ask the skeptic to read, observe the evidence, and keep an open mind. History, we hope, will never be the same.   ----------------------------------- DINOSAUR EXTINCTION Putting Two and Two Together...  If one was to conduct a questionnaire, a questionnaire putting forth one simple question, given to people of average intelligence, a result would entail revealing an astounding "hidden knowledge" inherent in us human beings. It would be as follows:  "What historical animal, real or fictitious, do we have more stories about being killed because of its threat to people?"  It might take a brief minute of thinking, but the majority would unquestionably reply "A dragon." Why? Why do we have so many legends, accounts, and fire-side tales of these large, ferocious, reptilian creatures? . . . and why, to step further, are they all acquainted with death? Why is there always a knight, noble, king, or peasant, sent by the people to slay the dragon? And why, we must honestly ask ourselves, do dragons possess so many similarities to what we today know as dinosaurs?  Let us begin with the first question. As every historian will tell you, historical legends are all based on some amount of fact, i.e. King Arthur, Robin Hood, Gilgamesh, etc. More then just your common stories, legends do in fact open the door in allowing us to, in a sense, go back in time. We can ponder the truths given in the legend of St. George and his encounter with a reptilian animal. While some dragon legends possess exaggerations, magic and marvelous deeds, the account of St. George is free from any of this.  However, when one finds actual accounts, accounts written as if one was writing about an encounter with a lion or bear of today, the notion that dinosaurs were only animals of "pre-historic times" becomes absurd.   DINOSAURS IN HISTORY British Isles - Anglo-Saxon Records [3]  One account takes us back to the days of the early Britons, from whom the modern Welsh are descended. They provide us with our earliest surviving European accounts of reptilian monsters, one of whom killed and devoured King Morvidus in 336 B.C. We are told in the amazing account, translated for us by Geoffrey of Monmouth, that the monster "gulped down the body of Morvidus as a big fish swallows a little one." Geoffrey himself described the animal as a Belua. The Belua was described as reptilian, and when we endeavor to compare it with any other animal of today, coupled with the fact that it gulped down Morvidus "as a big fish swallows a little one," we find it difficult in doing so. No land animal of today, let alone reptilian, could devour a human by such standards. Therefore, Geoffrey was either a flat out liar, or he told the truth.  In the British Isles alone there are approximately 200 locations in which dinosaur activity has been reported. Going into the future to the year 1405, we now visit Bures in Soffolk, where a chronicle reveals to us the physical reality of yet another dinosaur:  "Close to the town of Bures, near Sudbury, there has lately appeared, to the great hurt of the countryside, a dragon, vast in body, with a crested head, teeth like a saw, and a tail extending to an enormous length. Having slaughtered the shepherd of a flock, it devoured many sheep."  After an unsuccessful attempt by local archers to kill the beast, due to its impenetrable hide:  "...in order to destroy him, all the country people around were summoned. But when the dragon saw that he was again to be assailed with arrows, he fled into a marsh or mere and there hid himself among the long reeds, and was no more seen."  As you continue to read, you may perhaps think to yourself, "Why aren't these chronicles from history more well known? Why have I not heard or read about these things before?" Sadly, most historians throw aside these accounts, simply because the word "dragon" is used. As the term "dinosaur" wasn't invented until the 1800s, to do so is foolish and a detriment to history itself.  In the 15th century, according to a contemporary chronicle that still survives in Canterbury Cathedral's library, the following incident was reported. On the afternoon of Friday, September 26, 1449, two giant reptiles were seen fighting on the banks of the River Stour (near the village of Little Cornard) which marked the English county borders of Suffolk and Essex. One was black, and the other "reddish and spotted". After an hour-long struggle that took place "to the admiration of many beholding them", the black monster yielded and returned to its lair, the scene of the conflict being known ever since as Sharpfight Meadow.  As late as August, 1614, the following sober account was given of a strange reptile that was encountered in St. Leonard's Forest in Sussex.  The sighting was near a village that was known as 'Dragon's Green' long before this report was published. Original writing has been kept for authenticity:  "This serpent is reputed to be nine feete, or rather more, in length, and shaped almost in the form of an axletree of a cart: a quantite of thickness in the middest, and somewhat smaller at both endes. The former part, which he shootes forth as a necke, is supposed to be an elle long (3 ft. 9 inch); with a white ring, as it were, of scales about it. The scales along his back seem to be blackish, and so much as is discovered under his bellie, appeareth to be red . . . it is likewise discovered to have large feete, but the eye may there be deceived, for some suppose that serpents have no feete . . . (The dragon) rids away as fast as a man can run. His food (rabbits) is thought to be, for the most part, in a conie-warren, which he much frequents . . . There are likewise upon either side of him discovered two great bunches so big as a large foote-ball, and (as some thinke) will in time grow to wings, but God, I hope, will (to defend the poor people in the neighbourhood) that he shall be destroyed before he grows to fledge."  This dragon was reportedly seen in various places within a circuit of three or four miles, and the pamphlet named some of the still-living witnesses who had seen him. These included as follows: John Steele, Christopher Holder, and a certain "widow woman dwelling neare Faygate". Another witness was "the carrier of Horsham, who lieth at the White Horse (inn) in Southwark". One of the locals set his two mastiffs onto the monster, and apart from losing his dogs, he was fortunate to escape with his own life, for the dragon was already credited with the deaths of a man and woman at whom it had spat and how consequently had been killed by its venom. When approached unwittingly, our pamphleteer tells us the monster was:  "...of countenance very proud and at the sight or hearing of men or cattel will raise his neck upright and seem to listen and looke about, with great arrogancy."  Fascinating . . . a true eyewitness account of typically reptilian behavior.  Going ahead to the year 1867, less than 200 years ago (2 years after the American Civil War), the monster that lived in the woods around Fittleworth in Sussex was last seen. It would reportedly run up to people hissing and spitting if they happened to stumble across it unawares, although it never harmed anyone. Several such cases could be cited, but suffice it to say that too many incidents like these are reported down through the centuries and from all sorts of locations for us to say that they are all fairy-tales.  VENOMOUS SALIVA?  Let us stop for a moment to consider an interesting and historically repeated fact. Some of these reptilian monsters, as reported here twice, are said to have spit at their enemies. Not only that, their saliva was said to be lethal. Being acquainted with Hollywood, one immediately thinks back upon the blockbuster hit, Jurassic Park, in which a Dilophosaurus spits at and kills a main character. Amazingly, the description given in the 1405 account seems to accurately portray a living Dilophosaurus, as shown right. Again, the animal was "vast in body, with a crested head, teeth like a saw, and a tail extending to an enormous length."  DILOPHOSAURUS  What distinguishes itself the most among these descriptions is the "crested head." The name Dilophosaurus means "two-crested lizard." It was given this name for the two ridges, or crests, of very thin bone, that ran side by side on its head, from behind the eyes to the tip of the nose.  "Vast in body..."  The Dilophosaurus could grow to a length of 20 feet (6 meters), and was extremely thick.  "Teeth like a saw..."  The Dilophosaurus is notorious in the scientific community for its razor sharp teeth. It also possessed three-fingered hands attached with sharp-claws. From the look of its skeleton, it appeared to be an extremely fierce hunter.  One other note of interest are the crests of this particular dinosaur. The bone is as thin as paper, making it an obviously delicate (and vulnerable) part of its body. A typical question you may find when reading about a Dilophosaurus is, "Could it have attacked and fought other large dinosaurs without damaging its delicate crest? Or did it prey only on small creatures?" Believing that a few species of this animal were still alive only a few hundred years ago, the logical conclusion to this question would be the latter question . . . small creatures.  The following is a list of locations throughout Britain where dinosaur activity has been historically reported:  Aller, Somerset; Anwick, Lincolnshire; Bamburgh, Nothumberland; Beckhole, North Yorkshire; Bedd-yr-Afranc, Wales; Ben Vair, Scotland; Bignor Hill, West Sussex; Bishop Auckland, Durham; Bisterne, Hampshire; Brent Pelham, Hertfordshire; Brinsop, Hereford and Worcester; Bures, Suffolk; Cadbury Castle, Devon; Carhampton, Somerset; Castle Carlton, Lincolnshire; Castle Neroche, Somerset; Challacombe, Devon; Churchstanton, Somerset; Cnoc-na-Cnoimh, Scotland; Crowcombe, Somerset; Dalry, Scotland; Deerhurst, Gloucestershire; Dol-y-Carrog, Wales; Dragonhoard, Oxfordshire; Drake Howe, North Yorkshire; Drakelow, Derbyshire; Drakelowe, Worcestershire; Filey Brigg, North Yorkshire; Handale Priory, North Yorkshire; Henham, Essex; Hornden, Essex; Kellington, North Yorkshire; Kilve, Somerset; Kingston St. Mary, Somerset; Lambton Castle, Durham; Linton, Scotland; Little Cornard, Suffolk; Llandeilo Graban, Wales; Llanraeadr-ym-Mochnant, Wales; Llyn Barfog, Wales; Llyn Cynwch, Wales; Llyn Llion, Wales; Llyn-y-Gader, Wales; Llyn-yr-Afanc, Wales; Loch Awe, Scotland; Loch Maree, Scotland; Loch Morar, Scotland; Loch Ness, Scotland; Loch Rannoch, Scotland; Longwitton, Northumberland; Ludham, Norfolk; Lyminster, West Sussex; Manaton, Devon; Money Hill, Northumberland; Moston, Cheshire; Newcastle Emlyn, Wales; Norton Fitzwarren, Hereford and Worcester; Nunnington, North Yorkshire; Old Field Barrows, Shropshire; Penllin Castle, Wales; Penmark, Wales; Penmynydd, Wales; St. Albans, Hertfordshire; St. Leonard's Forest, West Sussex; St. Osyth, Essex; Saffron Waldon, Essex; Sexhow, North Yorkshire; Shervage Wood, Hereford and Worcester; Slingsby, North Yorkshire; Sockburn, Durham; Stinchcombe, Gloucestershire; Strathmartin, Scotland; Walmsgate, Lincolnshire; Wantley, South Yorkshire; Well, North Yorkshire; Wherwell, Hampshire; Whitehorse Hill, Oxfordshire; Winkleigh, Devon; Wiston, Wales; Wormelow Tump, Hereford and Worcester; Wormingford, Essex.   ----------------------------------- FOR US TO SEE...FOR US TO READ What Our Ancestors Have Left Behind...  The arguments against dinosaurs existing in recent history become more and more desperate as the truth unfolds. The next weapon the skeptic often unsheathes is a question, unfortunately, many individuals have a hard time answering:  "What painting, drawings, or carvings do we find of living dinosaurs? Animals of all kinds have been artistically portrayed all throughout history, so why not dinosaurs?"  Sadly, only ignorance cannot give an ample answer to this question. Take, for instance, the Roman mosaic shown to the right. Dated around the 2nd century A.D., this piece of artwork portrays two large, long-necked animals. No fanciful wings, no multiple heads, no magical, mythical characteristics . . . simply two large creatures that the artist took his time to portray. Trusting that the animals were based upon first-hand experience, and taking into account that the artist deliberately placed them by the sea, it would appear that these were a species of Tanystropheus, an aquatic, webbed dinosaur.[2]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  We now move on to a phenomenon which occurred almost 40 years ago. Known as the Ica Stones of Peru, they first came to the attention of the scientific community in 1966 when Dr. Javier Cabrera, a local physician, received a small, carved rock for his birthday from a poor native. The carving on the rock looked ancient to Dr. Cabrera, but intrigued him because it seemed to depict a primitive fish. Hearing that the doctor was interested in the stone, local natives began to bring him more, which they collected from a river bank. This soon developed into a vast collection of more than 50,000 stones, many etched with seemingly impossible scenes. Whereas it might be difficult to prove that the fish represented a long-extinct species, as Dr. Cabrera thought, other scenes carved on other stones are not so ambiguous. They clearly depict such dinosaurs as triceratops, stegosaurus, apatosaurus, and human figures riding on the backs of flying pterodactyls. What's more, some of the scenes are of men hunting and killing dinosaurs. Others show men watching the heavens through what look like telescopes, performing open-heart surgery, and cesarean section births.  As many ancient civilizations were more advanced then previously thought, telescopes and performed surgeries should not come as a surprise. However, to see dinosaurs etched on these stones does come as a surprise (to many). Again, in all, more than 50,000 stones discovered, varying in size from that of a baseball to as large as a sofa. As a first thought, the mere large number of them indicates that they are indeed genuine 'relics.' However, more proof is needed, and of that, such proof exists.  The stones themselves are composed of andesite, a very hard mineral that would make etching quite difficult with primitive tools. They are covered with a natural varnish that is created by bacteria over thousands of years. The etching is made by scraping away this dark varnish to reveal the lighter mineral beneath. According to some reports, examinations of the stones show that the grooves of the etchings also bear traces of additional varnish, however, indicating that they are very old.  Ica natives had, in fact, been selling such stones to the tourist trade. Interestingly, the natives of the area can still be seen today making etchings on stones in the style of the Ica Stones to sell to tourists. However, the distinction between their product and the "genuine" stones is that the newly etched stones clearly scrape away all of the varnish. In essence, the present-day Ica's cannot make them like the ones found years ago. This, of course, is a very significant fact.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  At a museum in Manitou Springs, Colorado, exists an artifact on display that has raised more questions than anything else ever discovered in the area; An Indian prayer stick, roughly a foot long, with a crested head, eyes on both sides, and a mouth. When looked upon by anyone acquainted with "prehistoric reptiles," whether it be the common 4-year old to the respected paleontologist, its identity simply cannot, and will not, be ignored. The artistically and well-defined head of a Pterodactyl stands atop the stick, raising many questions of how they molded the head of a species long extinct, and why they did so. Many legends exist of large "reptilian birds" in the area, and this, as of now, appears to be the only realistic answer.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  The portrayal from a Saxon shield discovered years ago reveals the same unmistakable creature. A flying reptile at rest, wings folded along its sides, a long beak, and that full of teeth. Comparison of this with a modern reconstruction of a Pterodactyl or similar animal is most instructive, especially when looking back into Anglo-Saxon history. As late as the beginning of the present century, elderly folk at Penllin in Glamorgan used to tell of a colony of winged serpents that lived in the woods around Penllin Castle. As Marie Trevelyan tells us:  "The woods around Penllin Castle, Glamorgan, had the reputation of being frequented by winged serpents, and these were the terror of old and young alike. An aged inhabitant of Penllyne, who died a few years ago, said that in his boyhood the winged serpents were described as very beautiful. They were coiled when in repose, and 'looked as if they were covered with jewels of all sorts. Some of them had crests sparkling with all the colours of the rainbow.' When disturbed they glided swiftly, 'sparkling all over', to their hiding places. When angry, they 'flew over people's heads, with outspread wings bright, and sometimes with eyes too, like the feathers in a peacock's tail'. He said it was 'no old story invented to frighten children', but a real fact. His father and uncle had killed some of them, for they were as bad as foxes for poultry. The old man attributed the extinction of the winged serpents to the fact that they were 'terrors in the farmyards and coverts'."[3]  This account is intriguing in many respects, not the least being the fact that it is not a typical account of dragons. The creatures concerned were not solitary and monstrous beasts, but small creatures that lived in colonies.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  A stone can be seen inside the church of SS. Mary and Hardulph at Breedon-on-the-Hill in Leicestershire . . . a stone with very peculiar, graphic engravings; A portrayal from Saxon times of an attack on a herd of long-necked quadrupeds (four-legged) by a bipedal (two-legged) predator. Note the predator's two large legs and puny forelimbs. This portrayal conforms very closley indeed to the description of Grendel, and is a clear indication that such creatures were to be seen on the British mainland as well as the Continent, as is also shown by Athelstan's and other charters.[3]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1902, a group of scientists and workmen dug up part of the wall of a 2,500-year-old city. On that wall was a mystery.  The city was Babylon, which once stood on the banks of the Euphrates River in the Near East, in what is now the nation of Iraq. Babylon was once the capital of the kingdom of Babylonia, one of the world's greatest cities. It was a huge square of houses, temples, and palaces, surrounded by a high wall made of shiny, colored bricks. What scientists discovered and dug up was a part of the wall with a gateway. The gateway was decorated with sculptors of three kinds of animals, arranged in rows. One animal was a lion, while another was a bull. The third, however, was a strange creature such as none of the scientists had ever seen before.  The creature had a scaly body with a long tail and a long snakelike neck. A forked tongue, like the tongue of a snake, stuck out its mouth, and a long horn stuck up from its forehead. Its front legs looked much like the legs and feet of a cat. However, it had scaly back legs, along with clawed feet. Whatever animal this thing was, the portrayer certainly made it clear that it was a reptile. Interestingly, the artists had shown the muscles and skin and hair of the lion and bull so well that those animals looked almost real. And what they showed of this creature, too, looked almost real.  Surprising though it seems, even though the scientists had never seen this creature before, they knew what it was supposed to be, for the king, that is, King Nebuchadnezzar, had left writings that described the decoration. The writings, found and translated, revealed that Nebuchadnezzar had called the creature a Sirrush, which was the Babylonian word for Dragon.[4]  In some versions of the Bible, contained in the last few chapters of Daniel, the Sirrush is made mention of. In fact, it is the subject of a controversial situation. The Sirrush, or dragon, was kept in a temple in Babylon during the days of Nebuchadnezzar. This creature was worshipped as a god, and according to the story, the Hebrew prophet Daniel proved that the creature was not a god by feeding it poisoned food, which eventually killed it.  Whether or not we today regard the Sirrush as a living, breathing animal, King Nebuchadnezzar and the Babylonians did, and it perhaps would be wise for us to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Much more could be written about dinosaurs throughout the history of mankind, and such will be written. For now, consider not only the possibility of dinosaurs alongside man, but moreso, the distinct probability.   And this one in red is particularly interesting to me.
And the real point is that there is so much historically sound information out there that go's against and contradicts what we just accept as true in the science of evolution. For any reasonable person who isn't defending a predetermined outcome, it should cause them to pause and consider the possibilities that are staring us right in the face.
You're serious aren't you Arch?  Are you going to deal with the problem that the anasazi drawings are similar to cartoon shows rather then anatomically correct versions of the animal?  If the anasazi actually lived with dinosaurs, they would have drawn the animal with its neck parallel to the ground along with its tail doing the same, not how they show it on kid's afternoon cartoons.  As for Dragons, I see you're avoiding the muscle issue for a good reason.  How do you know you schmuck ? Have you lived with that type of animal or ever seen a living one ? How do you even claim to know how they would really act in life ? You must dismiss that which you can't explain. It's in your nature yes, but your elitest mocking does nothing to destroy the validity of the questions their existence raises.  YES YOU CITED THE ROCKS ARGUMENTS, THIS IS GOING TO BE GOOD  Arch = Gulliable Tourist!  http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CH/CH710_1.html  Basilio Uchuya and his wife, Irma Gutierrez admitted to making these rocks from local stones and copying comic books!  Gullaible!  As for the red, it's a chimera. Classic mythology.  Talk about a liar. In order to strengthen your dismissal of the evidence you must post an explanation to rocks I never even submitted as proof. Why do you do that child ? Can't you argue one debate honestly without trying to stack the deck with false evidence ?
What will frustrate me until the end of this life is that it's impossible to convince you schlemiles of anything that is outside your scope of understanding. You're so convinced in 60 billion year old fairy tales, you can't see beyond the nose on your own faces. I get great comfort knowing that in the end you'll all know I was right, but that doesn't help me today as I suffer your ignorant mockery and superior attitudes.
DUDE!! The article you JUST posted, brought up this hoax, and now you claim you have not submitted it. Here is from what you posted (word for word in fact, not even from the link):   Are you denying you posted this? Are you saying that the article you quoted just now does not adress this hoax? Quit your dishonesty, Archangel, you are the only one providing false evidence here (already forgetting the pterodactyl hoax you JUST fell for?)  Post my link that has this story of the rocks in it. I didn't post a link for those so I want to see what else is on that link. I looked and couldn't even find it.
here are more examples of ancient sighting and run ins with Dinos and Dragons. Don't this many sightings from so many divers parts of the World by peoples who had no contact with each other impress you that something was going on that deserves further investigation ? Or at least some consideration ?   http://www.genesispark.org/genpark/history/history.htm  Does this account from a Naturalist of the period who actually wrote a book sound like a myth was being promoted ?  The city of Nerluc in France was renamed in honor of the killing of a "dragon" there. (Picture from Taylor, Paul, The Great Dinosaur Mystery, 1989, p. 40.) This animal was said to be bigger than an ox and had long, sharp, pointed horns on its head. Was this a surviving Triceratops? A famous naturalist of that era, Ulysses Aldrovandus, recorded the details of a peasant killing a small dragon along a farm road in northern Italy (May 13, 1572). He obtained the dragon carcass, thoroughly documented the encounter, and had it mounted and placed in a museum. (Aldrovandus, Ulysses, The Natural History of Serpents and Dragons, 1640, p.402.) A sketch of this dragon (on left) was included in Athanasius Kircher's book Mundus Subterraneus written in 1678. The story is told of a tenth century Irishman who encountered a large clawed beast having "iron on its tail which pointed backwards." It had a head similar to a horse. It also had thick legs and strong claws. Could this be a remaining Stegosaurus? (Ham, K., The Great Dinosaur Mystery Solved, p.33, 1999.)
Dude, read your own articles before you post  "Such bioluminescent nocturnal flying creatures are known in some regions still today. (See the Ropen page.) Might they not be the basis for the "fiery dragon" lore from ancient civilizations around the world?"  "Stories of dragons have been handed down for generations in many civilizations. No doubt many of these stories have been exaggerated through the years. But that does not mean they had no original basis in fact. Even some living lizards look like dragons and it is easy to see how a larger variety of such an animal could frighten a community. Have you ever seen an old dinosaur film where they used an iguana in a miniature town set to create the illusion of a great dragon?"  Your own article argues that dragons came from exagerated stories about lizards and other natural creatures.  No it doesn't. It suggests that todays lizards might be smaller and less threatening descendants of the larger ones that are extinct. Why are you unable to objectively read all of the accounts with an open mind and then ask yourself how so many similar stories from so many diverse times and places could all be false ?   For open minded people you are the most close minded people on Earth.
hey, he believes dragons could exist when they would require the vast majority of their body mass to be wing muscle. Let's just ignore that no organism on the planet has that much allocation (or anything even close) of body mass towards any one set of muscles. And he's a creationists. He doesn't need to deal with facts.  Then explain how a 747 wide body flies then. Its wings dont even flap like a birds or dragons. Have you considered that the wings might be sized in proportion to its mass ? Why is your ability to reason so limited ? Look, wallow in your mockery and ignorance child. It isn't my job to convince you. I'm just posting the evidence . I couldn't care less what you believe or don't believe. But I do feel sorry for your limited imagination and inability to see past what your science book tells you what you can believe. I'm not nearly so hindered as you are. And yet you consider me the sheeple. It's laughable really, if it wasn't so sad for you. emoticon_cry
You guys are real good at picking and choosing the points you'll respond to. but until you answer, rather than just mock how the anasazi drew creatures that were allegedly extinct for 60 million years and these eye witness accounts from between 300 AD and 1680 AD then you're just proving how deeply in denial you are to the real facts.   Dinosaurs In History  The Evidence Left Behind  ©TrueAuthority.com - 02  The dragon . . . one of the principle and most powerful, prevalent symbols of history as we know it. How could such reverential, awe-inspiring creatures of man's simple imagination have such an impact upon almost every civilization of the past? Could it be, just perhaps, that what countless numbers of people have written about through the course of time could have been actual, living animals? To some this seems absurd, but when all the facts and truths are put together, much more than myth and legend are revealed.   Introduction  To test this assertion, we will now examine the issue by considering the written evidence that has survived from the records of various ancient peoples that describe, sometimes in most graphic detail, human encounters with living giant reptiles that we today would call dinosaurs. And as we shall see, some of those records are not so ancient.  First, however, let's briefly look at the common "dragon knowledge" we read from our history books. The ancient Norsemen adorned the prows of their vessels with carved likenesses of dragons. Among the Celtic conquerors of Britain the dragon was a symbol of sovereignty. Dragons were also depicted on the shields of the Teutonic tribes that later invaded Britain, and it appeared on the battle standards of the English kings as late as the 16th century. Beginning in the early 20th century, it was inscribed on the armorial bearings of the Prince of Wales.  The dragon also figures in the mythology of various Oriental countries, notably Japan and China. It is deified in the Daoist (Taoist) religion and was the national emblem of the Chinese Empire. Among the Chinese people, the dragon is traditionally regarded as a symbol of good fortune.[1]  More than myths and legends, however, we find a numerous amount of accurate historical accounts of "dinosaur-like" dragons from all around the world.  Following from source [2] --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  FRANCE  The city of Nerluc was renamed in honor of the killing of a "dragon" there. This animal was bigger than an ox and had long, sharp, pointed horns on its head. There were a number of different horned dinosaurs. The Triceratops is one example.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ITALY  A scientist named Ulysses Aldrovandus carefully described a small "dragon" seen along a farm road in northern Italy. The date was May 13, 1572. The poor, rare creature was so small that a farmer killed it just by knocking it on the head with his walking stick.  The animal had done nothing wrong but hiss at the farmer's oxen as they approached it on the road. The scientist got the dead body and made measurements and a drawing. He even had the animal mounted for a museum. It had a long neck, a very long tail and a fat body.  The skeletons of a number of ancient reptile-like creatures match this basic description.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  CHINA  Thousands of dragon stories and pictures can be found in ancient Chinese books and art. One interesting legend tells about a famous Chinese man named Yu. After the great world flood, Yu surveyed the land of China and divided it into sections. He "built channels to drain the water off to the sea" and helped make the land livable again. Many snakes and "dragons" were driven from the marshlands when Yu created the new farmlands.  Ancient Chinese books even tell of a family that kept "dragons" and raised babies. It is said that in those days, Chinese kings used "dragons" for pulling royal chariots on special occasions, a fact of which famous explorer Marco Polo himself attested to.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Summary  Over the years of time, truth can often become distorted; events are exaggerated, facts are made more exciting. This, we believe, is the case with dinosaurs and dragons. Today we think of them as magical, mystical, fictitious beings, but as any historian will tell you, almost all legends and myths are based on true, actual facts and events. A fire-breathing dragon? Is it possible? Scientists still are puzzled by hollow naval cavities found in the skulls of many dinosaur specimens found today. They seem to serve no purpose. Or did they?  Delve into this exciting topic. We ask the skeptic to read, observe the evidence, and keep an open mind. History, we hope, will never be the same.   ----------------------------------- DINOSAUR EXTINCTION Putting Two and Two Together...  If one was to conduct a questionnaire, a questionnaire putting forth one simple question, given to people of average intelligence, a result would entail revealing an astounding "hidden knowledge" inherent in us human beings. It would be as follows:  "What historical animal, real or fictitious, do we have more stories about being killed because of its threat to people?"  It might take a brief minute of thinking, but the majority would unquestionably reply "A dragon." Why? Why do we have so many legends, accounts, and fire-side tales of these large, ferocious, reptilian creatures? . . . and why, to step further, are they all acquainted with death? Why is there always a knight, noble, king, or peasant, sent by the people to slay the dragon? And why, we must honestly ask ourselves, do dragons possess so many similarities to what we today know as dinosaurs?  Let us begin with the first question. As every historian will tell you, historical legends are all based on some amount of fact, i.e. King Arthur, Robin Hood, Gilgamesh, etc. More then just your common stories, legends do in fact open the door in allowing us to, in a sense, go back in time. We can ponder the truths given in the legend of St. George and his encounter with a reptilian animal. While some dragon legends possess exaggerations, magic and marvelous deeds, the account of St. George is free from any of this.  However, when one finds actual accounts, accounts written as if one was writing about an encounter with a lion or bear of today, the notion that dinosaurs were only animals of "pre-historic times" becomes absurd.   DINOSAURS IN HISTORY British Isles - Anglo-Saxon Records [3]  One account takes us back to the days of the early Britons, from whom the modern Welsh are descended. They provide us with our earliest surviving European accounts of reptilian monsters, one of whom killed and devoured King Morvidus in 336 B.C. We are told in the amazing account, translated for us by Geoffrey of Monmouth, that the monster "gulped down the body of Morvidus as a big fish swallows a little one." Geoffrey himself described the animal as a Belua. The Belua was described as reptilian, and when we endeavor to compare it with any other animal of today, coupled with the fact that it gulped down Morvidus "as a big fish swallows a little one," we find it difficult in doing so. No land animal of today, let alone reptilian, could devour a human by such standards. Therefore, Geoffrey was either a flat out liar, or he told the truth.  In the British Isles alone there are approximately 200 locations in which dinosaur activity has been reported. Going into the future to the year 1405, we now visit Bures in Soffolk, where a chronicle reveals to us the physical reality of yet another dinosaur:  "Close to the town of Bures, near Sudbury, there has lately appeared, to the great hurt of the countryside, a dragon, vast in body, with a crested head, teeth like a saw, and a tail extending to an enormous length. Having slaughtered the shepherd of a flock, it devoured many sheep."  After an unsuccessful attempt by local archers to kill the beast, due to its impenetrable hide:  "...in order to destroy him, all the country people around were summoned. But when the dragon saw that he was again to be assailed with arrows, he fled into a marsh or mere and there hid himself among the long reeds, and was no more seen."  As you continue to read, you may perhaps think to yourself, "Why aren't these chronicles from history more well known? Why have I not heard or read about these things before?" Sadly, most historians throw aside these accounts, simply because the word "dragon" is used. As the term "dinosaur" wasn't invented until the 1800s, to do so is foolish and a detriment to history itself.  In the 15th century, according to a contemporary chronicle that still survives in Canterbury Cathedral's library, the following incident was reported. On the afternoon of Friday, September 26, 1449, two giant reptiles were seen fighting on the banks of the River Stour (near the village of Little Cornard) which marked the English county borders of Suffolk and Essex. One was black, and the other "reddish and spotted". After an hour-long struggle that took place "to the admiration of many beholding them", the black monster yielded and returned to its lair, the scene of the conflict being known ever since as Sharpfight Meadow.  As late as August, 1614, the following sober account was given of a strange reptile that was encountered in St. Leonard's Forest in Sussex.  The sighting was near a village that was known as 'Dragon's Green' long before this report was published. Original writing has been kept for authenticity:  "This serpent is reputed to be nine feete, or rather more, in length, and shaped almost in the form of an axletree of a cart: a quantite of thickness in the middest, and somewhat smaller at both endes. The former part, which he shootes forth as a necke, is supposed to be an elle long (3 ft. 9 inch); with a white ring, as it were, of scales about it. The scales along his back seem to be blackish, and so much as is discovered under his bellie, appeareth to be red . . . it is likewise discovered to have large feete, but the eye may there be deceived, for some suppose that serpents have no feete . . . (The dragon) rids away as fast as a man can run. His food (rabbits) is thought to be, for the most part, in a conie-warren, which he much frequents . . . There are likewise upon either side of him discovered two great bunches so big as a large foote-ball, and (as some thinke) will in time grow to wings, but God, I hope, will (to defend the poor people in the neighbourhood) that he shall be destroyed before he grows to fledge."  This dragon was reportedly seen in various places within a circuit of three or four miles, and the pamphlet named some of the still-living witnesses who had seen him. These included as follows: John Steele, Christopher Holder, and a certain "widow woman dwelling neare Faygate". Another witness was "the carrier of Horsham, who lieth at the White Horse (inn) in Southwark". One of the locals set his two mastiffs onto the monster, and apart from losing his dogs, he was fortunate to escape with his own life, for the dragon was already credited with the deaths of a man and woman at whom it had spat and how consequently had been killed by its venom. When approached unwittingly, our pamphleteer tells us the monster was:  "...of countenance very proud and at the sight or hearing of men or cattel will raise his neck upright and seem to listen and looke about, with great arrogancy."  Fascinating . . . a true eyewitness account of typically reptilian behavior.  Going ahead to the year 1867, less than 200 years ago (2 years after the American Civil War), the monster that lived in the woods around Fittleworth in Sussex was last seen. It would reportedly run up to people hissing and spitting if they happened to stumble across it unawares, although it never harmed anyone. Several such cases could be cited, but suffice it to say that too many incidents like these are reported down through the centuries and from all sorts of locations for us to say that they are all fairy-tales.  VENOMOUS SALIVA?  Let us stop for a moment to consider an interesting and historically repeated fact. Some of these reptilian monsters, as reported here twice, are said to have spit at their enemies. Not only that, their saliva was said to be lethal. Being acquainted with Hollywood, one immediately thinks back upon the blockbuster hit, Jurassic Park, in which a Dilophosaurus spits at and kills a main character. Amazingly, the description given in the 1405 account seems to accurately portray a living Dilophosaurus, as shown right. Again, the animal was "vast in body, with a crested head, teeth like a saw, and a tail extending to an enormous length."  DILOPHOSAURUS  What distinguishes itself the most among these descriptions is the "crested head." The name Dilophosaurus means "two-crested lizard." It was given this name for the two ridges, or crests, of very thin bone, that ran side by side on its head, from behind the eyes to the tip of the nose.  "Vast in body..."  The Dilophosaurus could grow to a length of 20 feet (6 meters), and was extremely thick.  "Teeth like a saw..."  The Dilophosaurus is notorious in the scientific community for its razor sharp teeth. It also possessed three-fingered hands attached with sharp-claws. From the look of its skeleton, it appeared to be an extremely fierce hunter.  One other note of interest are the crests of this particular dinosaur. The bone is as thin as paper, making it an obviously delicate (and vulnerable) part of its body. A typical question you may find when reading about a Dilophosaurus is, "Could it have attacked and fought other large dinosaurs without damaging its delicate crest? Or did it prey only on small creatures?" Believing that a few species of this animal were still alive only a few hundred years ago, the logical conclusion to this question would be the latter question . . . small creatures.  The following is a list of locations throughout Britain where dinosaur activity has been historically reported:  Aller, Somerset; Anwick, Lincolnshire; Bamburgh, Nothumberland; Beckhole, North Yorkshire; Bedd-yr-Afranc, Wales; Ben Vair, Scotland; Bignor Hill, West Sussex; Bishop Auckland, Durham; Bisterne, Hampshire; Brent Pelham, Hertfordshire; Brinsop, Hereford and Worcester; Bures, Suffolk; Cadbury Castle, Devon; Carhampton, Somerset; Castle Carlton, Lincolnshire; Castle Neroche, Somerset; Challacombe, Devon; Churchstanton, Somerset; Cnoc-na-Cnoimh, Scotland; Crowcombe, Somerset; Dalry, Scotland; Deerhurst, Gloucestershire; Dol-y-Carrog, Wales; Dragonhoard, Oxfordshire; Drake Howe, North Yorkshire; Drakelow, Derbyshire; Drakelowe, Worcestershire; Filey Brigg, North Yorkshire; Handale Priory, North Yorkshire; Henham, Essex; Hornden, Essex; Kellington, North Yorkshire; Kilve, Somerset; Kingston St. Mary, Somerset; Lambton Castle, Durham; Linton, Scotland; Little Cornard, Suffolk; Llandeilo Graban, Wales; Llanraeadr-ym-Mochnant, Wales; Llyn Barfog, Wales; Llyn Cynwch, Wales; Llyn Llion, Wales; Llyn-y-Gader, Wales; Llyn-yr-Afanc, Wales; Loch Awe, Scotland; Loch Maree, Scotland; Loch Morar, Scotland; Loch Ness, Scotland; Loch Rannoch, Scotland; Longwitton, Northumberland; Ludham, Norfolk; Lyminster, West Sussex; Manaton, Devon; Money Hill, Northumberland; Moston, Cheshire; Newcastle Emlyn, Wales; Norton Fitzwarren, Hereford and Worcester; Nunnington, North Yorkshire; Old Field Barrows, Shropshire; Penllin Castle, Wales; Penmark, Wales; Penmynydd, Wales; St. Albans, Hertfordshire; St. Leonard's Forest, West Sussex; St. Osyth, Essex; Saffron Waldon, Essex; Sexhow, North Yorkshire; Shervage Wood, Hereford and Worcester; Slingsby, North Yorkshire; Sockburn, Durham; Stinchcombe, Gloucestershire; Strathmartin, Scotland; Walmsgate, Lincolnshire; Wantley, South Yorkshire; Well, North Yorkshire; Wherwell, Hampshire; Whitehorse Hill, Oxfordshire; Winkleigh, Devon; Wiston, Wales; Wormelow Tump, Hereford and Worcester; Wormingford, Essex.   ----------------------------------- FOR US TO SEE...FOR US TO READ What Our Ancestors Have Left Behind...  The arguments against dinosaurs existing in recent history become more and more desperate as the truth unfolds. The next weapon the skeptic often unsheathes is a question, unfortunately, many individuals have a hard time answering:  "What painting, drawings, or carvings do we find of living dinosaurs? Animals of all kinds have been artistically portrayed all throughout history, so why not dinosaurs?"  Sadly, only ignorance cannot give an ample answer to this question. Take, for instance, the Roman mosaic shown to the right. Dated around the 2nd century A.D., this piece of artwork portrays two large, long-necked animals. No fanciful wings, no multiple heads, no magical, mythical characteristics . . . simply two large creatures that the artist took his time to portray. Trusting that the animals were based upon first-hand experience, and taking into account that the artist deliberately placed them by the sea, it would appear that these were a species of Tanystropheus, an aquatic, webbed dinosaur.[2]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  We now move on to a phenomenon which occurred almost 40 years ago. Known as the Ica Stones of Peru, they first came to the attention of the scientific community in 1966 when Dr. Javier Cabrera, a local physician, received a small, carved rock for his birthday from a poor native. The carving on the rock looked ancient to Dr. Cabrera, but intrigued him because it seemed to depict a primitive fish. Hearing that the doctor was interested in the stone, local natives began to bring him more, which they collected from a river bank. This soon developed into a vast collection of more than 50,000 stones, many etched with seemingly impossible scenes. Whereas it might be difficult to prove that the fish represented a long-extinct species, as Dr. Cabrera thought, other scenes carved on other stones are not so ambiguous. They clearly depict such dinosaurs as triceratops, stegosaurus, apatosaurus, and human figures riding on the backs of flying pterodactyls. What's more, some of the scenes are of men hunting and killing dinosaurs. Others show men watching the heavens through what look like telescopes, performing open-heart surgery, and cesarean section births.  As many ancient civilizations were more advanced then previously thought, telescopes and performed surgeries should not come as a surprise. However, to see dinosaurs etched on these stones does come as a surprise (to many). Again, in all, more than 50,000 stones discovered, varying in size from that of a baseball to as large as a sofa. As a first thought, the mere large number of them indicates that they are indeed genuine 'relics.' However, more proof is needed, and of that, such proof exists.  The stones themselves are composed of andesite, a very hard mineral that would make etching quite difficult with primitive tools. They are covered with a natural varnish that is created by bacteria over thousands of years. The etching is made by scraping away this dark varnish to reveal the lighter mineral beneath. According to some reports, examinations of the stones show that the grooves of the etchings also bear traces of additional varnish, however, indicating that they are very old.  Ica natives had, in fact, been selling such stones to the tourist trade. Interestingly, the natives of the area can still be seen today making etchings on stones in the style of the Ica Stones to sell to tourists. However, the distinction between their product and the "genuine" stones is that the newly etched stones clearly scrape away all of the varnish. In essence, the present-day Ica's cannot make them like the ones found years ago. This, of course, is a very significant fact.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  At a museum in Manitou Springs, Colorado, exists an artifact on display that has raised more questions than anything else ever discovered in the area; An Indian prayer stick, roughly a foot long, with a crested head, eyes on both sides, and a mouth. When looked upon by anyone acquainted with "prehistoric reptiles," whether it be the common 4-year old to the respected paleontologist, its identity simply cannot, and will not, be ignored. The artistically and well-defined head of a Pterodactyl stands atop the stick, raising many questions of how they molded the head of a species long extinct, and why they did so. Many legends exist of large "reptilian birds" in the area, and this, as of now, appears to be the only realistic answer.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  The portrayal from a Saxon shield discovered years ago reveals the same unmistakable creature. A flying reptile at rest, wings folded along its sides, a long beak, and that full of teeth. Comparison of this with a modern reconstruction of a Pterodactyl or similar animal is most instructive, especially when looking back into Anglo-Saxon history. As late as the beginning of the present century, elderly folk at Penllin in Glamorgan used to tell of a colony of winged serpents that lived in the woods around Penllin Castle. As Marie Trevelyan tells us:  "The woods around Penllin Castle, Glamorgan, had the reputation of being frequented by winged serpents, and these were the terror of old and young alike. An aged inhabitant of Penllyne, who died a few years ago, said that in his boyhood the winged serpents were described as very beautiful. They were coiled when in repose, and 'looked as if they were covered with jewels of all sorts. Some of them had crests sparkling with all the colours of the rainbow.' When disturbed they glided swiftly, 'sparkling all over', to their hiding places. When angry, they 'flew over people's heads, with outspread wings bright, and sometimes with eyes too, like the feathers in a peacock's tail'. He said it was 'no old story invented to frighten children', but a real fact. His father and uncle had killed some of them, for they were as bad as foxes for poultry. The old man attributed the extinction of the winged serpents to the fact that they were 'terrors in the farmyards and coverts'."[3]  This account is intriguing in many respects, not the least being the fact that it is not a typical account of dragons. The creatures concerned were not solitary and monstrous beasts, but small creatures that lived in colonies.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  A stone can be seen inside the church of SS. Mary and Hardulph at Breedon-on-the-Hill in Leicestershire . . . a stone with very peculiar, graphic engravings; A portrayal from Saxon times of an attack on a herd of long-necked quadrupeds (four-legged) by a bipedal (two-legged) predator. Note the predator's two large legs and puny forelimbs. This portrayal conforms very closley indeed to the description of Grendel, and is a clear indication that such creatures were to be seen on the British mainland as well as the Continent, as is also shown by Athelstan's and other charters.[3]  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1902, a group of scientists and workmen dug up part of the wall of a 2,500-year-old city. On that wall was a mystery.  The city was Babylon, which once stood on the banks of the Euphrates River in the Near East, in what is now the nation of Iraq. Babylon was once the capital of the kingdom of Babylonia, one of the world's greatest cities. It was a huge square of houses, temples, and palaces, surrounded by a high wall made of shiny, colored bricks. What scientists discovered and dug up was a part of the wall with a gateway. The gateway was decorated with sculptors of three kinds of animals, arranged in rows. One animal was a lion, while another was a bull. The third, however, was a strange creature such as none of the scientists had ever seen before.  The creature had a scaly body with a long tail and a long snakelike neck. A forked tongue, like the tongue of a snake, stuck out its mouth, and a long horn stuck up from its forehead. Its front legs looked much like the legs and feet of a cat. However, it had scaly back legs, along with clawed feet. Whatever animal this thing was, the portrayer certainly made it clear that it was a reptile. Interestingly, the artists had shown the muscles and skin and hair of the lion and bull so well that those animals looked almost real. And what they showed of this creature, too, looked almost real.  Surprising though it seems, even though the scientists had never seen this creature before, they knew what it was supposed to be, for the king, that is, King Nebuchadnezzar, had left writings that described the decoration. The writings, found and translated, revealed that Nebuchadnezzar had called the creature a Sirrush, which was the Babylonian word for Dragon.[4]  In some versions of the Bible, contained in the last few chapters of Daniel, the Sirrush is made mention of. In fact, it is the subject of a controversial situation. The Sirrush, or dragon, was kept in a temple in Babylon during the days of Nebuchadnezzar. This creature was worshipped as a god, and according to the story, the Hebrew prophet Daniel proved that the creature was not a god by feeding it poisoned food, which eventually killed it.  Whether or not we today regard the Sirrush as a living, breathing animal, King Nebuchadnezzar and the Babylonians did, and it perhaps would be wise for us to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Much more could be written about dinosaurs throughout the history of mankind, and such will be written. For now, consider not only the possibility of dinosaurs alongside man, but moreso, the distinct probability.   And this one in red is particularly interesting to me.  :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead So, you don't even read what you post. Why am I not suprised? You actually did not have a link to the article in your post (I had to find it on my own because I had thought you were quoting from the site that you quoted yourself saying in post# 28. Here is the link that you lifted the article from: http://www.trueauthority.com/dinosaurs/dinosaurhistory.htm  Hint: either on page two of this thread, or on the link above hit ctrl, hold the button, hit "F", and a Find function will pop up. Then type in Ica stones. Then press enter. The words Ica Stones will be highlighted for you in the article you cut and pasted in post #28.  Heres a bit of advice for you: read your dang articles before you post them - it might be helpful.  Above is post 28 from page 1, it is plain that I posted that piece for the info on the Dragons and not the ica stones but you must use the opportunity to dismiss the whole piece even though the article explains the difference between modern and ancient rocks. And just because professional sceptics and evolutionists have attempted to tear this evidence apart as you have doesn\'t mean at all that it is false or myth. You just prove how corrupted you are to pick and choose the evidence you will use to mock me with while ignoring the eye witness testimonies from antiquity.  So have your fun, all of you. Be proud of you limited perspective regarding humanities past and the exitence of Dragons as well as the extinction of dinos. I don\'t care what foolishness you accept as real. I welcome your scoffing as it proves I\'m walking the path less traveled and not following the herd of manipulated sheeple such as you surely are. You pseudo intellectual midgets. emoticon_xgood
Archangel, most mythologies also had stories concerned little people (pixies, fairies, elves, gnomes etc). Where are they mentioned in the Bible? What are they?  You see Otto, some myths are just that. Myths. But some alleged, or perceived myths are too prevalent, diverse and widespread, and also covered to long a span of time to just be written off as myth without even considering the possibilities that they may have really existed. I firmly believe Dragons existed at one time. Not that they spit fire, but a venom that burned or killed the victim like the saliva of a modern day Komodo Dragon is a deadly bacteria that kills in short order.
Only because you have no understand of much of anything. We had to explain how aircraft create lift and how that is different from the method of flight for birds. Your understanding of the natural world is on par with about a 3rd grade education.   Last time I checked, Jesus taught humility. As you've been proven wrong at least 5 or 6 times here and failed to admit, that would be a sign you aren't following in Christ's footsteps.  The more you talk about christanity and Christ the less you gotta act like him eh?  It is you who fails to comprehend the real World we live in child. And it is you who in your pompous, pseudo intellectual, over inflated ego thinks that unless it makes sense in your small mind then it just can't be true. Well riddle me this schmuck, how does a bumble bee fly ? The greatest minds in the field can't figure that one out. So obviously bumble bees flying must not truly exist right ? Scientifically it's proven to be impossible so it must be a figment of our imagination right ? Oh wait, I've seen them fly with my own eyes, does that mean I'm crazy or do bumble bees simply defy what we know to the the norm.    There are more things in heaven and Earth than the mind of man can even conceive of yet you speak of things you know nothing about for sure as if they are no brainers and people like me who are open to the unanswered possibilities are nothing more than fodder for your insults. You're a self righteous punk who loves to try to embarrass and belittle others who dare to look outside the box of what is accepted as the norm or disagree with your limited perspective on life.
Actually, that's just not true. Insects don't have fixed wings you know. Perhaps you didn't know that. Thus, you can't limit calculations to fixed wing aircraft.  No kidding sherlock. When did I compare any animal to fixed wing aircraft ? It was child who made the comparison.   The actual math is a bit beyond me but I've been told that it has been found that by bringing two wings flat against each other and then moving them apart, a bumblebee produces very strong vortices which generate unexpectedly large lift. obvious_child confirms what I have been told. Add to that the continuously changing angles of attack of the wing through the stroke, compounded by the fact that the these changes also change according to whether the bee is flying or hovering. And then there is the ability of the bee to shed vortex at the bottom of the stroke.  The only point I was making which is of course beyond Child to comprehend is that the Bumble Bee isn't supposed to fly according to the known dynamics of flight. Sadly, that concept is beyond him as he gives the scientific definition of the process without appreciating that if Bumble bees understood the laws of thermo dynamics as we do, they would never even attempt to fly.
Well it's notable that Saudi Arabia which tends to follow a litteralist view when educating it's kids takes the scientific approach when searching for oil. http://www.sgs.org.sa/ What the American take on this is I haven't seen yet.   Only a fool would deny the validity of Geology in legitimate science. Just as only a fool would deny the bible answers our questions in spiritual matters, such as how did we get here. But to apply Geology to a false science such as evo is to corrupt it and will no doubt be proven to result in false conclussions ln many areas of its application.  So much for this thread that was started in order to bait and mock rather than seek to learn or actually teach anything. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xgood
Great post, and very informative. And I don't deny any of the basic conclusions you make accept where evo is applied or credited as relevant to the outcomes. Man has misinterpreted the finding to fit evo into the mix and therefor misunderstands the complete picture as it truly is. Evo is junk science and is just plain wrong as it applies to man evolving from a lower life form. Plain and simple.
Look you guys, I'm sick of repeating myself ova hea. We have so many threads dealing with evo and I'm defending myself against you mental midgets on all of them. So since this thread was started to bait me and nothing more, go ahead and agree with yourselves. I'll stick to a more serious debate that I'm involved in with someone I don't have on ignore. emoticon_xgood
  if you call evolution 'junk science' you must logically also adopt the position that ALL science is junk science, as evolution is so solid that it is almost a yardstick against which to measure the validity of other sciences. If the methods and tests which support evolution are all wrong, then so are the methods and tests that support every other science.  Conversely if you accept that other sciences are valid you have no logical choice but to accept evolution as well. It really is all or nothing, precisely because of the degree of consilience involved and especially the predictive power of the theory. Think about it. We can literally use science to tell the future to a degree. If a theory's predictions are confirmed, that theory has literally told us that if we look at phenomena X, we will find, specifically, that it has qualities Y and Z which were previously uncertain, and lo and behold when we look it has just those qualities. When a theory can do this, as thermodynamics, relativity, cosmology, electromagnetism and evolution (among many others) can, I don't see how you can argue with it.  It's simple really. The concept of random mutations resulting in the World we live in today is balderdash. Plain and simple. You can reject the term, lower life forms if you like and worship at the alter of insect superiority and longevity but if you would like to come back to the real world for a minute I will remind you of the difference between acting on instinct which the animal kingdom survives on and critical thinking which man utilizes in creating and designing all aspects of our existence.  Evolutionists have this skill of redefining what is accepted as normal in any other science. In biology it is boasted that one of mans great leaps forward was our ability to critically think. But you insist there are no lower life forms. Again the lack of consistency and the contradictions that exist within evo. One species of insect, any one you choose goes through literally hundreds of thousands of generations of life cycles in the span of one human lifetime. And as you say, they have been here for hundreds of millions of our years. So according to their life spans they have existed for multiple billions of generation of potential evolutionary changes. Yet they are still just insects acting upon inherited insticts passed down from their parents.   My question to you is why doesn't an obviously smart guy like you ask this and other questions that obviously conflict with common sense if evo is real ? Given the time they've been here and given that we are evidence supposedly of higher intelligent evolution, how is it that after so long a period of time in evolutionary standards that insects have existed, that they are still basically just insects with no intellectual advancements at all ?  Are you suggesting that some unspoken physical need within the Earth is limiting the evolutionary track of different species of life in order to maintain the so called balanced chain of life which prevents chaotic inbalances which could easilly destroy the planet if they took place ?  Because again, that fits in with ID and rapid adaptation but not evolution.  There are no 'lower' life forms. emoticon_confused This is a very anthropocentric viewpoint, which we have absolutely no reason to hold given what cosmology can tell us about our place in the universe. There are older life forms, but that in no way places any life forms 'higher' or 'lower' on some kind of imaginary ladder of progress or strata of importance.  For example, compare man with the arthropods (insects, crustaceans, arachnids and others). They look pretty much like inferior life, they're all pretty small, they seem to mostly act like little deterministic biological machines, and they die very easily.   But, they outnumber us tens of thousands to one, and have been around in one form or another since before the cambrian, over 500 million years ago. They were the first animals to colonise the land. They reproduce in vast numbers. Some of them work together in huge colonies acting as one massive superorganism. A lot of them can fly. Some manufacture poisons and/or webs. Some 'farm' other insects. They live on land, in the sea, high in the air, underground, even inside other organisms; they are found everywhere on the planet, which they explored hundreds of times over before mammals even existed. They have been far more successful than us in terms of survival, colonisation and adaptation to the environment.  So if I were to classify species as 'higher' or 'lower', the arthropods (along with sharks and crocodiles, who have been around for 200 million and about 70 million years respectively) as definitely 'higher' than us. Even if you use criteria such as intelligence, communication and production of material to claim that we are superior to the rest of life, there are plenty of examples that show that while these are our evolutionary fortes, we are not so stratospherically high above the rest as we like to think, and these are again very anthropcentric criteria. We look at what makes us different, and we find that of course, no other life quite measures up to us in those specific qualities. But if we look at other qualities, such as those of insects, we find that of course, they beat us hands down, because those are their evolutionary fortes. It's all a matter of perspective.  For example, you can say "Look at humans. We have systems of thought; ideologies, religions, politics and culture that no other life does."  This is true. But you can also say "Look at trees. They live longer than any other organisms, they get their food directly from the sun and the earth, they can survive massive damage, fires, and extreme weather like no other life can."  "Look at birds. They can fly, which only insects (which by virtue of their size and anatamoy find flying much easier) and one order of mammal can do, and they navigate across the world in their migrations using methods still unknown to us."  "Look at fish. They can breathe underwater, which no other vertebrates can do, and many of them have navigational powers similar to birds'."  Every class of life, in fact every species, has its own particular unique trait which it is best at. Ours is our brain. That doesn't make us 'special'. The effect it has had is to allow us to be, purely biologically speaking, the top of the food chain. That's basically what we are, and that's the only thing that you could say is 'special' about us.  Excellant, let's look at birds, for centuries man has watched them and finally at the beginning of the 20th century we learned to fly also. And we have created compasses and GPS that allows us to pinpoint our exact location in the World at any given moment. And we have overcome the challenges of not only breathing underwater but have created vehicles that will support hundreds of people under water for a year without ever surfacing if need be. Show me a whale that can do that without ever surfacing for air.  You see we have the ability to take any beneficial skill any member of the animal or insect kingdom has naturally and adopt it for ourselves. We THINK, we don't survive by inherited traits and instincts born into us from our parents. We take our parents skills and expand on them. That is the definition of being human.  Thanks to our technology, in theory there is no life that we cannot subjugate. But that's what it all comes down to; use of force. It is our ability to use force of such sophisticated nature that we have climbed to the top of the food chain. But there has always been someone at the top of the food chain, which is why it's not that special after all. There has to be someone at the top of the food chain. At the moment it's us.  Now, for one last flaw in your perfect science. You insist above that we didn't come from some lower form as if we were secretly destined a hundred million years ago to become what we are as homo sapiens. But according to evo man has genetically changed from a lower life form to what we are today. And the alleged evidence of that from your perspective is that again, allegedly 100 million years ago man didn't exist at all. A billion years ago most forms of life on earth didn't exist at all. 5 billion years ago according to evo all that existed on earth was an atmosphere of sulfuric acid and ammonia, yet from that dead planet, life spontaniously began by the act of random mutations that accidentally happened. According to statisticians, the chances of the diversity and complexity of life from the simplest organism to the human being existing in such perfect harmony we call the chain of life is about 100 Trillion to one to the 10th degree.  Now consider that abiogenesis, another science that you say melds with evo like a pair of gloves insists that what I said above is how we started as life on planet earth. So how do you insist that all sciences compliment each other perfectly ? I know, I just don't get it right ? Yet you will never successfully explain the contradictions, nor will you have either the courage or the commitment to the truth to insist that evo answer these contradictions and inconsistencies.
Well, actually, it seems a pretty well documented fact.  ** Pardon me for butting in, and please do not mistake me for a creationist like archangel, but you are only rehashing the darwinist dogma here. The truth is, there is no documented empirical evidence of any kind tio the effect that random genetic mutations are anything but systemically entropic and destructive. OTH, genetic mutations that are systemically adaptive and productive can always be traced to an immediate and proximate environmental stimulus which provokes a behavioural and organic response in the affected biosystem. There is nothing random about organisms making systematic adaptations to random environmental changes.    Mutations and variants occur in every single generation, and there seems to be no direction to them.   ** Only true of _random_ mutations, but to be expected of random changes, since randomness is by definition, directionless and ateleleological. BUT, as above, at the proximate and immediate level, (as opposed to anything distant and as yet unexperienced), there is _always_ a teleological direction to adaptive biuosystem mutation, that is, from novel and random environmental stimulus to immediate and specific biosystemic response to that stimulus, a direct cause/effect re-ordering that may or may not result in an adaptive organismic mutation which may, at some point, stimulate a genetic mutation.    Of course, this could mean they are either truly random or just indeterminable.  ** Either way, they are always entropic and maladaptive, as millions of experiments have shown. Only systematically teleological mutations are ever adaptive and productive.    Evolution of one species or lineage doesn't mean the parent species or lineage has to disappear. Why would anyone think that?  ** Good question. Unfortunately, that supposition follows naturally from an acceptance of the darwinian 'principle' of "natural selection". Which, itself, is pure humbuggery; a meaningless, pointless 'truism' that has been elevated from a false literary conceit to a false pseudoscientific notion, in the service of an atheistic, and now discredited, metaphysic.    The earth may be in some regards a homeostatic system, but that does not mean there is any intentionality involved in maintaining the status quo.  ** Name a homeostatic system, a self-sustaining, self-directed autopoietic system, that does not possess an internally generated and controlled , "intentionality involved in maintaining the status quo".    Come now... no scientist ever claims science is "perfect"! Why, if they did, they'd be out of a job! Science is a self-correcting enterprise that changes its theories to suit the facts. Unlike religion and the travesty that is Intelligent Design.  ** Not true of the ideology that is darwinism, either. And ID was intentionally tutned into a travesty of its real self by the false equivocations of creationists and darwinists.    Evolution, abiogenesis and indeed all of science, are works in progress. They are incomplete, and some things we believe today are probably or possibly true, will turn out to be wrong. However, scientists usually have the intellectual courage to admit when the facts contradict their theories, and change the theories to suit the facts. It's seldom a religious apologist manages this feat.  ** Certainly never a darwinist.   When IDists manage to produce the scientific data to prove evolution wrong, biologists will adjust.   ** Genuine ID asserts that evolution is correct, but darwinism is wrong. But genuine ID has been assasinated by darwinists and creationsts in order to protect theier respective ideologies.   You will forgive us, however, if we do not hold our breaths for IDeologues to do actual science.   ** By which you mean creationists. And the same applies to darwinists.  :
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ** Pardon me for butting in, and please do not mistake me for a creationist like archangel, but you are only rehashing the darwinist dogma here.    Bology is science, not dogma.  ** Most of biology is science, but the part that is the darwinist view of evolution is strictly dogmatic ideology, and that, if you trouble yourself toread more carefully, is what I said.   Evolution as a fact is support by empirical observation, in the field, lab and fossil record.  ** True, and exactly what I said. Evolution is not darwinism, however, despite darwinian insistence upon the false equivocation. Darwinism has never been supported by "empirical observation, in the field, lab and fossil record". You have to throw off your dogmatic assumption that evolution and darwinism are synonymous.   Darwinism as one of the several mechanisms of evolution is also supported by empirical data.  ** Darwinism is a metaphysical postulate derived out of materialism/mechanism/logical positivism, then euphemized as physicalism and naturalism, which postulates one single "mechanism", or rather, non-mechanism, as an explanatory hypothesis re the causes of evolution in lifeforms. That 'non-mechanism', that 'metaphysical notion', is that evolution is a succession of happy accidents wherebye changes in lifeforms and their subsequent behaviours and abilities are spontaneously generated by random, haphazard chemical changes at the molecular level. There is no empirical data to support this would-be 'mechanism', and plenty of empirical evidence to the contrary.    Where there is empirical data to suggest that Darwinian selection does not operate in evolution, then biologists accept that it doesn't. Genetic drift, for example.  ** Which does not alter or effect the primary postulate of darwinism, i.e., that all evolution is accidental and ateleological--a metaphysical dogma if ever there was one.   Quote: The truth is, there is no documented empirical evidence of any kind tio the effect that random genetic mutations are anything but systemically entropic and destructive.    On the contrary, there is plenty of evidence that mutations often lead to new biological information and adaptation.  ** You have to learn to read what's written. I said that adaptive mutations, organismic or genetic, can and often do "lead to new biological information and adaptation". I also said that RANDOM GENETIC MUTATIONS are never adaptive, but always systemically entropic, and so never "lead to new biological information and adaptation", as darwinists persistently claim-- without any evidence to support this metaphysical postulate. Entropic system failure, by definition, can never increase systemic productivity. System failure, (i.e., random accidents), always decreases productivity in complex systems, including complex information systems such as the genome.   Quote: OTH, genetic mutations that are systemically adaptive and productive can always be traced to an immediate and proximate environmental stimulus which provokes a behavioural and organic response in the affected biosystem. There is nothing random about organisms making systematic adaptations to random environmental changes.    Nope.   ** Yup.   There is no evidence that environmental changes can provoke specific and directed mutations, though they can increase general mutations rates.  ** You need to catch up with the literature. The direct correlation between environmental stimulus and specific organismic response is ubiquitous, and undeniable, except by dogmatic ideologues.   You are confusing randomness of variation, i.e. mutation of genetic sequence, with the directionality of natural selection.  ** I'm not confusing anything. But if you think that your "natural selection" is 'directional', then you need to re-read your own dogma, which in fact denies "directionality" altogether, both short and long term. According to darwinist evolution, whatever "happens", just "happens" to "happen", that's all. And the notion that a randomly-acting environment somehow supplies the missing regularity to this would-be 'mechanism', is just plain ridiculous.    As for individual organisms adapting to changes in local conditions, that is a separate issue from natural selection.  ** As far as I'm concerned, "Natural Selection" is a preposterously inflated truism masquerading as a meaningful principle, but since darwinists like yourself believe that all of biology depends on evolution, and evolutionary 'science' depends upon "NS", I'd like to know just how you manage to make this exception to your basic principle.    They may have genomes that permit sufficient phenotypic plasticity for one genome to adapt to several environments.  ** And just how does "phenotypic plasticity" lift them above the hurly-burly of your "natural selection"?!?   There are many trivial examples of this in botany, and more in zoology.  ** Examples of what? Phenotypic plasticity? Of course there are. Is phenotypic plasticity darwinian? Of course it's not. So is phenotypic plasticity explained by "NS", by "RMNS", by darwinism, by chance? Of course it is not. Phenotypic plasticity is anti-darwinian, but pro intelligent, self-directed, self-controlled biosystems.   However, those are temporary. What Darwinian evolution is about is permanent and hereditary changes owing to differential selection among variants.  ** "Differential selection among variants" says nothing at at all about the origins and causes of those variants, and the causes for the origins of variants in biosystems, i.e., organisms, is what evolution is all about. Your "differential selection among variants" is just a fancy way of saying that statistics fluctuate. It explains nothing but temporary local numerical population fluctuations, and as such is simply ecological arithmetic, and is nothing to do with _evolution_, i.e., ORIGINS, per se.   Quote: Only true of _random_ mutations, but to be expected of random changes, since randomness is by definition, directionless and ateleleological.    Again, mutations are random, so far as anyone can tell.  ** You mean so far as darwinists will insist. And it is true that maladaptive, destructive mutations, like all accidental events, do happen haphazardly in highly complex, productive biosystems. But to leap from the fact of entropy to a supposition that entropy supplies the mechanism generating greater complexity and improved productivity, i.e., adaptive mutation, is perfectly absurd.    Natural selection is highly non-random,  ** That's preposterous. Your "NS" is completely and utterly an effect of environmental causation, and environmental causes are at best chaotic, at worst entirely, stochastically, random. To claim, as you darwinists do, that random environmental causation produces a regular, non-random effect, and that that supposedly, but impossibly, "regular" effect, (NS), is itself a "mechanism", i.e., a "cause", for the origins of novel variants in organisms, is such a glaring example of "newspeak" that it should drive all rational thinkers up the wall.    which is why evolution happens, because it selects variants able to operate in an environment over ones that are less able.  ** Who or what is this 'universal chooser' that you call "NS", and what is its/her universal criterion for discrimination, and how does she/it cause new variants to arise, just by 'choosing' among old and established ones?? I'm afraid that all I hear is you repeating the dogmatic drivel you memorized in order to pass your exams.    Natural selection operates on the menu of organisms thrown up by random mutation, and selects those that fit the environment.  ** Shorten that up some way and it'll make a great bumper-sticker. Otherwise its just one more example of vacuous pomposity.    If the variant can't fit the environment, it has a reduced opportunity to pass on its genes. Hence the directionality of natural selection.  ** What "directionality"? 'Whatever happens, happens', is not "directionality". _Direction_ is an aspect of causation, not a derivative of effect. Water flowage has direction because gravity causes it to flow downhill, not because it 'just does' flow downhill. Your 'natural selection' is a statistical effect, not a scientific cause. Its the way the water flows, not the reason why it flows that way, if I may extend the analogy.    Quote: BUT, as above, at the proximate and immediate level, (as opposed to anything distant and as yet unexperienced), there is _always_ a teleological direction to adaptive biosystem mutation, that is, from novel and random environmental stimulus to immediate and specific biosystemic response to that stimulus, a direct cause/effect re-ordering that may or may not result in an adaptive organismic mutation which may, at some point, stimulate a genetic mutation.    Total speculation. No such teleological direction of mutation has ever been demonstrated,   ** Nonsense. It's empirically obvious to anyone not wearing ideological blinders. Bacteria, pests, weeds, etc. don't grow steadily more susceptible to our toxins--they become steadily more resistant, and more specifically resistant, to them.   besides some dubious and highly controversial experiments in bacteria, for which perfectly Darwinian explanations were offered.   ** The wonder of darwinism is, that since it is pure metaphysics, it can, like any religion, explain anything at any time. That is why it is junk science.   Of course, if you have solid evidence for it, feel free to produce it.  ** As above--any biological resistance to any man-made toxin will do the trick.   Quote: Either way, they are always entropic and maladaptive, as millions of experiments have shown. Only systematically teleological mutations are ever adaptive and productive.    Nope.  ** Yup.   Most mutations are neutral.  ** Meaning ineffectual trivialities. So?   Perhaps you do not quite understand what biologists mean by a mutation.  ** I'm familiar with darwinian newspeak, and know what darwinists mean when they use that poor, semantically mangled, word.   It is not some macroscopic malformation; it is just a change in the genetic code.  ** That's the darwinist re-definition, alright.   Many mutations involve gene duplications, for example, which allows for the evolution of new genes with new functionalities. There is considerable empirical evidence for this.  ** Yes, there are. And gene duplication is strong empirical evidence for systematic, self-directed, heuristic, non-random, non-accidental genetic restructuring and re-designing within a self-operated, self-serving, complex, productive, biosystem. Of course, you dogmatically leap to the darwinist assumption that gene duplication is just accidental and pointless.   Quote: Unfortunately, that supposition follows naturally from an acceptance of the darwinian 'principle' of "natural selection". Which, itself, is pure humbuggery; a meaningless, pointless 'truism' that has been elevated from a false literary conceit to a false pseudoscientific notion, in the service of an atheistic, and now discredited, metaphysic.    Nope.  ** Yup.   Natural selection is an empirically demonstrated reality.  ** "Natural Selection", as a statistical _effect_, is nothing but a fact parading as a principle. "Natural Selection" as a _cause_ is nothing but the vacuous truism that big dogs usually beat up little dogs, or put another way, the struggle may not always be won by the strong, nor the race by the swift, but that's the way to bet. And you call that, 'science'?!?! Besides which, under normal circumstances, (i.e., not abnormal, generally catastrophic environmental circumstances) no 'selective' effect upon general populations has ever been empirically demonstrated. Your "selection" is inoperative, and your "fitness" is simply a matter of blind chance.    It is not postulated to account for everything in evolution, however, but it is still considered the major mechanism to account for adaptation.  ** It certainly is so held, dogmatically, by darwinists. For no scientific reason, but for a strictly ideological compulsion.   Quote: Name a homeostatic system, a self-sustaining, self-directed autopoietic system, that does not possess an internally generated and controlled , "intentionality involved in maintaining the status quo".    Homeostatic systems do not necessarily exhibit intentionality. Take a Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction. It maintains itself over a considerable period of time, but is hardly intentional!  **. I have no idea what you are getting at here. How does an extended chemical interaction relate to a complex system's self-maintained productivity? I just don't see grounds for comparison.   [quote] It's just chemistry that is far from equilibrium, but that stays in a steady, oscillating state, much like many biochemical reactions. No intentionality needed.{/quote]  ** No productivity exhibited either, I'll hazard a guess. Hence no relation to any biosystem under discussion here. Sounds like a red-herring, to me.   Quote: Not true of the ideology that is darwinism, either. And ID was intentionally turned into a travesty of its real self by the false equivocations of creationists and darwinists.    Sorry, but Darwinism is not ideology, it's science.  ** Sorry, darwinism is ideological pseudo-science. Junk, that is.   It's empirically demonstrated.  ** No, it absolutely is not.   IDism is religion in sheep's clothing.   ** That is what you darwinists, and your accomplices, the creationists, have turned it into. Why? In order to turn evolutionary science into a political debate founded upon a false dichotomy.   Quote: Genuine ID asserts that evolution is correct, but darwinism is wrong. But genuine ID has been assasinated by darwinists and creationsts in order to protect their respective ideologies.    There is no science in IDeology. If you would be so good as to point out where IDists do science, I would be most obliged. I've never seen IDist science before. It would be a genuine revelation, as opposed to the schlock found in the babble.  ** That is because you deliberately equivocate "Intelligent Design" with creationism, as do the creationists, in order to eliminate a third option for evolutionary biology. Your two ideologies have thus, by distorting the meaning of "intelligent design", muddied the waters irreparably, and done great harm to the scientific quest for truth. I can no longer use the term, knowing that it has been corrupted permanently. But that does not mean that without the "ID" label, the evidence found by modern biologists indicating a teleological mechanism for organismic evolution can now be ignored by you quarreling ideologues.
 Given the time they've been here and given that we are evidence supposedly of higher intelligent evolution, how is it that after so long a period of time in evolutionary standards that insects have existed, that they are still basically just insects with no intellectual advancements at all ?   Because they fit their niches so well, there is no selective pressure for them to disappear. It's not a puzzle. In any case, individual species do not usually last so long. They do vary, and can be very similar to preceding species.   Hi lesz, this answer is total speculation, assumption and a theory at best that is based on no factual information at all. Unless of course you have either lived as an insect, lived with insects, or interviewed an insect lately. I marvel that in the course of these debates you all pronounce these beliefs as if they are common knowledge in the real World.   Given the huge assumptions you make that weak little insects have experienced no pressures that would motivate evolution to a higher functioning state of being. Don't you just also assume mans need to evolve is based on the different levels of primates found that you attribute to our lineage ? You realize don't you that Java, Cro-Magnon and Neanderthal are also the result of huge assumptions that they are actual descendants of human beings dont you ? Someone posted that the DNA tests run on mr neanderthal were somewhat similar to ours as if he was proving something. Well the chimp has 98% of our DNA and although he's a primate, he's not even close to being human.   The fact is that evo doesn't verify or prove any environmental pressures existed that forced man to evolve to the higher state of being we have attained. They assume alot but they don't prove it at all because it is unprovable. You see DNA tests and fossils wont tell us if our alleged descendants had the spirits of humanity in them that separates us from the animals kingdom. But let me change the subject for one more issue of inconsistency and contradiction in evo. And this is directed to anyone.  Here's another question for you to ponder as you deny Intelligent Design is possible. Trees have been used as evidence of evolution for a long time now so let me ask you this. Each different type of tree has a different way of creating seeds so that they have a bigger chance of surviving to maturity. The major ways of transportation are water, air or animals. Some seeds traveling by air remain flying for hours (cottonwood trees) while others have only ten seconds to land in the perfect spot to grow (maple trees), while others resemble whirly birds and fly for hundreds of yards on the currents before touching down. A seed can rely on an animal in many different ways. The tree could produce delicious fruit so that a mouse or other animal would eat it and release the seeds in its droppings (apple trees). Another example would be a watermelon seed carried away by a field mouse or chipmunk. Or a squirrel which is the progenitor of so many eggcorns over the Ages.  Now trees don't think or make choices at all. They are presumably bonded to the Earth where they fall, or should I say end up as seeds. My question is this, how can you deny the hand of an intelligent designer who designed the original ability for so many diverse trees, with so many diverse types of seeds to scatter them in so many unique yet successful ways ? It boggles the mind that such creative survival techniques could be found in the simplest life form that doesn't even have a brain. I await your excuses, er uh, I mean responses. :)
Exactly how many times does it have to be explained to you that there isn't an "end goal" to evolution. If an individual survives long enough to reproduce, it's considered "well adapted" to it's particular niche. Those that have an advantage produce more offspring. Insects are well enough adapted to their particular niches that they don't need intelligence. If they weren't well enough adapted, they'd die off. If you actually though about it for about 2 seconds, you would see it makes perfect sense.   A large brain is an incredibly large drain, metabolically speaking, so the disadvantages outweigh the advantages.  And you can apply that line of reasoning to any other objections you have along the lines of "Why hasn't animal x developed y?"  Why is it you guys always come back at me with the party line while never actually answering the questions ? My question was:  Here's another question for you to ponder as you deny Intelligent Design is possible. Trees have been used as evidence of evolution for a long time now so let me ask you this. Each different type of tree has a different way of creating seeds so that they have a bigger chance of surviving to maturity. The major ways of transportation are water, air or animals. Some seeds traveling by air remain flying for hours (cottonwood trees) while others have only ten seconds to land in the perfect spot to grow (maple trees), while others resemble whirly birds and fly for hundreds of yards on the currents before touching down. A seed can rely on an animal in many different ways. The tree could produce delicious fruit so that a mouse or other animal would eat it and release the seeds in its droppings (apple trees). Another example would be a watermelon seed carried away by a field mouse or chipmunk. Or a squirrel which is the progenitor of so many eggcorns over the Ages.  Now trees don't think or make choices at all. They are presumably bonded to the Earth where they fall, or should I say end up as seeds. My question is this, how can you deny the hand of an intelligent designer who designed the original ability for so many diverse trees, with so many diverse types of seeds to scatter them in so many unique yet successful ways ? It boggles the mind that such creative survival techniques could be found in the simplest life form that doesn't even have a brain. I await your excuses, er uh, I mean responses.   How do you simply discount the very intelligent design that exists within the make up of trees and the way they protect their ability to survive by scattering their seeds ? How does that intelligent capability arise in something without any brain at all ? Can't explain that one directly, right ?
and as I thought, you didn't think things through again, because you have a predetermined conclusion, so why bother thinking about things, right? Trees have been aroud for about 350 Million years (I'm going off the top of my head here, so I'm sure someone can correct me. The important point is the time scale). Early trees reproduced by spores - just like ferns do. Eventually, through many small steps, spores mutated into seeds. Seeds have several advantages over spores (protection, built in nutrient source, etc), so those trees which had the advantage of seed-like reproduction techniques had more offspring, which means the advantages became more common and were the majority.  Again, all your "questions" are explained in the exact same way as above. Small, incremental changes, each of which conferred a small advantage. For one example, let's take an apple. Apple trees produce a fruit to transport and feed it's seeds. What kind of apple would you (or any animal) rather eat: a good tasting one or a bad tasting one? So, those fruits which were better tasting were eaten, and the seeds carried away from the tree to be deposited in the animal droppings-away from the competition of the other apple trees. Those which didn't taste very good were dropped near the tree they came from (too bitter, etc so they weren't eaten), and the saplings had less chance to survive as they were competing against the other apple tree(s).  See, it's actually pretty simple and common sense if, like I said, you think about it for 2 seconds and don't have a predetermined conclusion to jump towards  I truly marvel at your ability to rationalize anything in such a way as to give the glory to your imaginary belief system. And believe it or not, I'm feeling only sympathy for you. emoticon_cry
Lesz, just to let you know... I strongly suspect AA is Richbee by yet another handle. He was banned from here months ago, but you know what bad pennies are like.   Glad to see you posting!  Don't be making assertions you can't support. JP knows me from another site and knows I'm not this other character. emoticon_xgood
Weak little insects? They have been around far longer than we have, and will probably be around long after we're gone. They have also produced a greater biodiversity than any other animal form: there are some 30 000 vertebrate species; beetles alone top 800 000.  Well, most of us would say ancestors rather than descendants. But as has been pointed out, the phrase 'need to evolve' has no biological meaning.  This 'higher state of being' has a pretty narrow base, hasn't it? Presumably you're referring to intellectual and creative achievements. Very impressive, yes, and not to be belittled: we could not imagine a tolerable life without them. But a 'higher state of being'? We still have anatomies and physiologies susceptible to the natural shocks that flesh is heir to: we get ill, we age, our jerry-rigged backbones fail; a virus - presumably pretty low on your scale of creation - can terminate us in our prime; we develop cancers; we die. Our day-to-day survival still depends on the functioning of the same squishy gurgly bits that keep other animals alive. Even our brains differ only quantitatively from those of other primates, not qualitatively: there are no bits that humans have but chimps haven't.  Intelligence has been the key to our success, certainly; but talk of a 'higher state of being' is sheer self-flattery.  It's fascinating that you evos can only criticize terminology while mocking the points I make but never actually dealing with them intelligently. Is that how you debate critically, or is it the standard format for not facing the holes within your false religion ?
I'm still waiting for your scathing analysis of my last post there Archie. Maybe when you're done with the pithy comments you can get around to that, hmm? Or are you satisfied that your in-depth response of: "I truly marvel at your ability to rationalize anything in such a way as to give the glory to your imaginary belief system" fully counters my post and accurately portrays your own criticisms of it?  A little actual analysis, and less "sweeping under the rug" might do you some good on this one, hmm?  And what about mine? (post #36). I did my best to respond to your arguments as factually and logically as possible. There are plenty of points there that I believe you should address.  Unfortunately neither of us wil be getting any better response out of Arch than we've already received. Arch is of the "cut and run" variety of creationist: if a valid point is made, he'll try pooh-poohing it away. If that doesn't work, he'll pretend the post was never made.  Now that I think about it, I don't remember when Archie ever actually responded to anything that I have posted. All he ever responds with is condescension and trite remarks about how I'll learn the TROOTH some day. Am I asking too much when I expect an intelligent, thought out response based on evidence and logic?  Liminus, you do deserve a response and I'll get to it but it's long and I've been frustrated because of all the arguments I've posted with these other schmucks as they ignore what they can't defend against, criticize terminology and grammar, and then complain and insult me for not responding to their tripe. But you do deserve a response and I apologize as I've been busy and lost track of it.
 I don't have the time or inclination to fisk all of this, but here are a couple of points:  ** IOW, you realize that you are beaten before you even begin. You've got all the time in the world for the likes of archie, but I'm way too strong for you.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  Most of biology is science, but the part that is the darwinist view of evolution is strictly dogmatic ideology...    That's your ideological opinion,  ** Of course it is, but it's an _informed_ ideological opinion that I can defend rationally. Something that you, apparently, cannot do.   which ignores the vast body of evidence supporting Darwinian natural selection.  ** There is absolutely no scientific evidence of any kind, anywhere, that supports the darwinist postulate that a mystical something called "Natural Selection" is the physical force/mechanism, that causes, directs, guides and controls biological evolution. All claims to the contrary rest upon the vacuous 'ex post facto' truism, and tautology, that the strong survive while the weak perish, without ever providing a universal mechanism to determine what makes a 'winner' strong, and a 'loser' weak, in terms of adaptation and survival. It's pure metaphysical garbage, passing itself off as science.   Quote: Evolution is not darwinism    Sorry, but no biologist claims it is.  ** Sorry, but you and your fellow darwinists conflate the terms, 'evolution' and "the Darwinian Theory of Evolution", treating them as synonyms, every single chance you get. And I never claimed that biologists did it, only that darwinists do it constantly and with no qualm of conscience for their duplicity.    Darwinian natural selection is only one mechanism that biologists have evidence for; there are others.  ** Actually all darwinian theory reduces to a faith in the power of random accident to generate novel, functional, efficient, and productive changes in complex biosystems. Any biology that does not buy into this metaphysical postulate is non-darwinian.    I'm sorry you aren't familiar with the empirical evidence for natural selection, but perhaps you could crack open an elementary textbook, and you'll find it there.   ** And I'm sorry to have to hear the sounds made by some pompous, patronizing, braying XXX,-- but it's the risk I run every time I post to these forums.    Quote: You have to throw off your dogmatic assumption that evolution and darwinism are synonymous.    As I said, that is your straw man, not the opinion of any biologist, including me.  ** Difference between us being, I back up my opinions, but you've got nothing.   The rest of this simply doesn't need a response, as it's just rhetorical posturing and no science (or just plain wrong as in your dogmatic but demonstrably false assertions that (a) random mutations are never adaptive, or (b) the astonishing and self-contradictory claim that selection is non-directional!  ** Well, that's one way to cover your butt as you turn tail and run.   To name but two of the many false assertions.)  ** Yours are the false assertions, not mine. I can defend my premises, but all you've got is astonishment that anyone who is not a simple-minded (or crazy) creationist would dismiss the pseudo-scientific dogma you accept on blind faith.   When you can find some science, some genuine empirical evidence, that refutes the Darwinian theory of natural selection and proves that it never works, in the face of the vast body of empirical evidence that shows it does, please let me know what it is.  ** I've got lots of evidence that shows that organisms adapt themselves, dynamically, to their changing environments, and are not so adapted, passively, by something mystical that darwinists call "Random Mutation and Natural Selection". You guys, OTH, have had 150 years to find some empirical evidence to back up your premise (wrt the force that causes evolution), and you've failed, utterly, to come up with a single unquestional scrap of scientific support for 'RMNS'.  So bluff and bluster all you like. It impresses no-one except the choir you're preaching to. I could care less what you believe if you're not prepared to defend those beliefs. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
And this disproves evolution scientifically... uh.... how? You know, Arc, it doesn't really matter whether you believe in JC or not, as I don't think JC had diddleysquat to say about evolution. Or gay sex. Or Abortion.  Could you post where I said my siggy verse proved evo was false ? That verse speaks to the personal relationship of Christ who indwells all who receive him by faith. Nothing more or less. Why am I not surprised that you can't even discern that ?  St. Augustine, however, one of the founders of modern Christianity, was pretty scathing about religious zealots who trod on reality in order to promote religious fundyism.   Here's part of what Augustine wrote: "Usually, even a non-Christian knows something about the earth, the heavens, and the other elements of this world, about the motion and orbit of the stars and even their size and relative positions, about the predictable eclipses of the sun and moon, the cycles of the years and the seasons, about the kinds of animals, shrubs, stones, and so forth, and this knowledge he hold to as being certain from reason and experience. Now, it is a disgraceful and dangerous thing for an infidel to hear a Christian, presumably giving the meaning of Holy Scripture, talking nonsense on these topics; and we should take all means to prevent such an embarrassing situation, in which people show up vast ignorance in a Christian and laugh it to scorn. The shame is not so much that an ignorant individual is derided, but that people outside the household of faith think our sacred writers held such opinions, and, to the great loss of those for whose salvation we toil, the writers of our Scripture are criticized and rejected as unlearned men..." IOW, Augustine knew that when Christians denied reality and common sense, they brought their religion into disrepute, as do modern Creationists who deny science. Critics of the Creationists, which include many Christian scientists such as Ken Miller, are right to laugh them to scorn, because they are exhibiting a vast ignorance.[/QUOTE]  More on St. Augustine and his commentary on foolishness: If they find a Christian mistaken in a field which they themselves know well and hear him maintaining his foolish opinions about our books, how are they going to believe those books in matters concerning the resurrection of the dead, the hope of eternal life, and the kingdom of heaven, when they think their pages are full of falsehoods and on facts which they themselves have learnt from experience and the light of reason? Reckless and incompetent expounders of Holy Scripture bring untold trouble and sorrow on their wiser brethren when they are caught in one of their mischievous false opinions and are taken to task by those who are not bound by the authority of our sacred books. For then, to defend their utterly foolish and obviously untrue statements, they will try to call upon Holy Scripture for proof and even recite from memory many passages which they think support their position, although they understand neither what they say nor the things about which they make assertion. [1 Timothy 1.7] Christian Creationists are falling into this very error St. Augustine warned them against. Why don't they listen?  Now why would I base my walk in Christ on the teachings of a dead catholic priest who served his church during the Dark Ages ? 
My apologies... someone else pointed out to me you weren't actually a Christian, but a bibliolator. I can understand, therefore, why you would reject Christian theology, and the sage advice of St. Augustine, not to mention the last two popes.  I'm afraid, however, that it doesn't make your denial of evolution true. Evolution is a reality whether you are a Christian or not. One can argue about mechanisms, and scientists do, but your great-to-the-nth grandmother and mine was still an ape. As indeed are we.  Hello, Cousin!  You'll get no argument from me that based on your level of understanding about our actual origins that you might actually be descended from an Ape. But I, my friend am the child of a King who is the Creator of all that is. And I was made in His image as a reflection of Him. So you see, we really do come from different worlds.
Frankly, I'd rather be descended from an ape, if that's the intellectual acumen of a child of god.  Of course, most real Christians -- I realise you aren't one -- don't see that there's any conflict... they see themselves as children of god and apes, because, of course, in their view god made apes too, and if god saw fit to use evolution, who are they to query god, or tell god what to do?  Since god gave us brains, we are at fault if we don't use them. Reason shows us evolution is a fact. God gave us reason. We shouldn't sneer at its products.  Nothing about evo is a proven fact. The evidence for that is the constant corrections and adjustments in order to try to maintain consistency in the face of new evidence. And also why it's still referred to as a THEORY!!! You people have so deluded yourselves that even you can't keep the fairy tale straight so that you forget and consider it a forgone conclusion that it's actually a fact to be relied on. When you fill in all the gaps, get back to me and I'll become a believer. I guess we have a date in about, well, never... emoticon_xangel
 Since you seem to have ignored my question, I'll ask it again: What is your evidence for a teleological component to evolution, and how does it universally disprove all cases of natural selection?   ** Since you obviously can't understand what you hear once, here it is again--the teleology is clearly evident in the fact that vital adaptive changes in organisms are always directly correlated to immediate, proximate, vitally effective alterations in their own personal environments, the environmental changes always preceeding the vital, non-trivial organismic changes made to adapt to them. A clear case of teleological cause and effect.  Now let me follow your lead and ask you in your turn--What is your evidence for ateleological evolution, whereby organisms are mere passive clay changed by accident and conserved by lucky coincidence, i.e., RMNS? And, how does the fact of evolution demonstrate the reality of its hypothetical cause, i.e., your notional, "natural force", that you label natural selection? Why don't you start by trying to express what is meant by 'natural selection' in non-metaphysical, i.e., empirical, scientific, terms? And yes, I do know that I'm asking you to do the impossikble   Quote: There is absolutely no scientific evidence of any kind, anywhere, that supports the darwinist postulate that a mystical something called "Natural Selection" is the physical force/mechanism, that causes, directs, guides and controls biological evolution.    Well, if you are the sort of person who will ideological deny the existence of evidence that every biologist can see, then no evidence will be sufficient for you. As a biologist, all I can say is that any reasonable person finds the evidence for natural selection being the major biological sieve leading to adaptation very compelling. I know of no equally compelling evidence for directed mutation. Do you? If you do, what is it?   ** Here's a thought--instead of blustering on and on about the 'evidence' that "anyone can plainly see" that supports natural selection as an empirically real cause, mechanism, that results in what non-darwinists call evolution, i.e., the origins of novel traits in organisms, why don't you try to present this hypothetical 'evidence', and try to show why what you call 'evidence' really is 'evidence' for the reality of 'natural selection' as the causal mechanism for the origins of organismic novelty over time[i.e., _evolution_]?. My bet is you'll just blow the usual darwinist smoke without saying anything to the point.   Quote: All claims to the contrary rest upon the vacuous 'ex post facto' truism, and tautology, that the strong survive while the weak perish, without ever providing a universal mechanism to determine what makes a 'winner' strong, and a 'loser' weak, in terms of adaptation and survival.    Nope. Biologists spend a lot of time demonstrating how natural selection results in adaptations.  ** Nope. They spend about as much of their time doing that as you've spent doing it in these threads--which is none at all.   They don't just assume it;   ** Yes, they do "just assume it". See the 'peppered moth' and 'Galapagos finch', Luria and Delbruck , and on and on, for clear evidence that a/they assume "natural selection" as a natural 'cause' of organismic change, 'a priori', and b/they arbitrarily interpret their observations so as to make them appear to support that arbitraily, (i.e., ideologically), adopted 'a priori' position.   they test it in the lab and the field through experimentation and observation.  ** Sez u. Show us this vaunted "experimentation and observation", and explain how it actually supports your "NS" as the cause of the appearance organismic novelty over time, (i.e., evolution).   They can actually watch species gradually adapt in real time, generation after generation, and that includes microbes, plants and animals.  ** Of course they can!! It's called, "evolution", doncha know?!? But, for the hundredth time, the fact of evolution is not 'evidence' for your hypothetical explanation, (i.e., "natural selection") for its own cause. As always, you ccommit the darwinist folly of conflating a real effect with your own notional cause for that effect, that is, you habitually and irrationally conflate organismic evolution with your own 'natural selection' explanation for it.   Read the literature, especially the microbial lit. Treatises on animal breeding are also helpful.  ** You assume that I'm unfamiliar with the literature. Bit presumptuous and condescending of you, wouldn't you say?   Quote: Sorry, but you and your fellow darwinists conflate the terms, 'evolution' and "the Darwinian Theory of Evolution", treating them as synonyms, every single chance you get.    Nope. We don't.  ** Yup. You do. Constantly.   I certainly haven't.  ** Yes, you have. Repeatedly.   That's simply a false statement, but you refuse to be corrected.  ** No, yours is simply a false statement, but you refuse to be corrected. I've pointed out several instances where you do exactly what you deny doing.    Quote: And I never claimed that biologists did it, only that darwinists do it constantly and with no qualm of conscience for their duplicity.    All biologists are Darwinians to the extent that they accept that natural selection is a force driving a lot of evolution.  ** That's another false statement. And who cares if 'most' biologists buy into your NS nonsense/ It's still nonsense; it's just very popular nonsense. Like certain religious beliefs I could name.   Even the most insistent Darwinian, however, acknowledges that it isn't the only force. Not even Darwin claimed it was the only force. You are setting up a straw man as usual.  ** If I'm "setting up a strawman", then it will be very easy to show that I am. All cyou have to do is, A/ Show how "Natural Selection" is a universal, alocal, regular efficient cause for the origins of organismic novelty over time (i.e., evolution), and B/, describe any other universal, alocal, efficient cause for this organismic evolution that is accepted by Darwinists, and C/ demonstrate conclusively that any and all 'causal forces' for evolution that are postulated and accepted by darwinists do not reduce themselves to chance genetic accidents and lucky environmental coincidences.    Quote: I can defend my premises    You haven't defended a single one.   ** Another false statement.   You've been attacking straw men of your own construction because it's easier than doing actual research of the literature, or heaven forfend, your own experiments.  ** Yaddayaddayadda.   Quote: I've got lots of evidence that shows that organisms adapt themselves, dynamically, to their changing environments, and are not so adapted, passively, by something mystical that darwinists call "Random Mutation and Natural Selection".    If you bothered to read any biology, you'd be aware of the vast body of work that studies how individual animals and plants adapt themselves to changing environments. The phenomenon is called phenotypic plasticity, is well known, and thanks to molecular genetics, is now better understood than ever before.  ** I'm well aware of phenotypic plasticity. This may shock you, perhaps even disturb your dogmatic self-assurance, but phenotypic plasticity is a neo-lamarckian broadside into the leaking barge of darwinist speculation. And genetics have been informed by phenotypic plasticity, not the other way round, as you falsely believe.   However, the ability of many individual organisms to adapt their bodies in some limited way to a changing environment is not an explanation for the evolution of new species, which is what Darwin was addressing.  ** sez u. I say it is the only scientific explanation for organismic evolution in sight, and that even Chucky D., realizing that his "NS" in no way accounted for origins, co-opted such Lamarckian thought with his "pangenesis".  You know, you'd present a better case if you actually took time to first learn something about evolution from the available literature.   If you recall, his seminal work was entitled Origin of Species, and not Adaptation of Organisms.  ** That's ol' chuck for ya--title a book "origins", and then say nothing about them.   Evolution of new species requires for breeding isolation, and so far as we know, permanent changes to the genome.   ** Sentence inarticulate. My best guess is that it says nothing pertinent, anyway. We are debating darwinism, not evolution itselrf, although you appear to once again conflate the two.   Further, there is nothing mystical about mutation, random or otherwise, which is a very well understood and documented phenomenon,  ** The notion that entropic system [genome] failure of accidental origin [genetic mutation] can and does, via spontaneous generation, account for organismic novelties that are coincidentally adaptive to some chaotically arising environmental conditions, is pure, unadulterated [with science] metaphysics.    nor natural selection, which has been demonstrated in many systems in both the laboratory and the field. These are facts of life. Get used to them.  ** These are not "facts" at all, but mere darwinist dogma. Get used to the truth, for a change.   So once again, let me give you another chance to answer the question, instead of dodging it in a flurry of windy rhetoric: What is the evidence for a teleological component to evolution?  ** Scientific experimentation and observation of the fact that evolution takes place, when and if it takes place, as an immediate organismic response to a proximate local environmental stimulus, enabled by a universal property found in all live organisms, but no dead ones. I call this universal, causal, enabling, natural force, "Vitality";-- for obvious reasons.  Now you show me science that proves that evolution is caused by spontaneously generated genetic accidents that are coincidentally, fortuitously, adaptive to chaotically arising local environmental conditions, as luck would have it.   Give me some real world examples of teleology that cannot possibly be explained by a Darwinian mechanism,  ** Your so-called "Darwinian mechanism", i.e., spontaneous generation generation by random accident, RMNS, "explains" anything and everything and nothing at all. That is why it is scientifically bankrupt. Here's a challenge--present any natural phenomena, in biology or anywhere else, from Huguenots to horseraces, that your "Darwinian mechanism" cannot "explain". That is, rationalize into some specious "understanding", or other.    or one of the several other mechanisms that are believed to drive evolution, such as structural constraints or genetic drift.  ** Structural constrainsts don't drive evolution; to the contrary, they restrain, restrict, and to a great degree, prevent it. How come you guys always get such simple concepts completely bass-ackward?  As for your genetic drift, that's just genomic entropy in some sorry cases, or is an internally generated identity factor in others (see 'ring species'), one that is connected to sexual, (i.e., real organismic, intelligent and volitional, not "natural", selection), and, most importantly is, in vitally adaptive cases, (say flightless birds, for example), is a clear instance of the principle of energy conservation and efficiency in complex, self-modulating systems that is referred to in neo-lamarkian terms as "use it or lose it".  As always you leap to the darwinian 'a priori' metaphysical assumption, i.e., dogma, that genes change organisms, rather than organisms change genes.   The only way you'll convince me is through evidence.  ** You are a 'true-believer' in your way to the same extent that archangel is a 'true-believer' in his. There is absolutely no chance that observed fact and rational, logical interpretation of those facts will ever shake either of your two faiths. You couldnt, either of you, do that even if you wanted to. It would require some traumatic event that would shake your respective worldviews into pieces. I have no idea what such an event might be.   If you can't, then all you accomplish is to demonstrate the depth of your groundless faith in the miracle of teleological design, and are no better than an adversarial, IDist evolution-denier with no scientific contributions of his own.  ** Right back atcha.
 Not. I don't think that word means what you think it means.  ** What word? Evolution? Actually 'evolution', outside the boundaries of darwinism, means precisely what I say it means, and always has done. Darwin , the stock-breeding English gent, said that evolution was just Mother Nature doing her own stock-breeding out in the wild, away from the pens. He called the mystical work done by this demi-goddess, "Natural Selection", and he founded this mystic process on the ancient agricultural belief about inheritance called 'blending'. This notion stipulated that all creatures are originally gifted with all traits possible to them, and 'breeding' consisted soley of subtracting unwanted traits from 'the mongrels', or 'commoners', and so creating the 'thoroughbreds' or 'aristocracy'; elites that possessed only the best, the most 'noble', traits. An elitist notion, equivalent to the 'xtian' notion of 'the saved' and 'the damned', which lead directly to eugenics, nazi death-camps, and just about every right-wing political party's most fundamental understanding of 'the human condition'.  When people pointed out to Chuck the flaw that I still have to point out to his followers, (that is, that evolution refers to the emergence of novel traits in organic morphology and/or behaviour, and not simply the numerical fluctuations of one 'desired' inherited trait over some other 'undesirable' inherited trait), and asked him where he got the brass to call his book 'origins', when it ignored 'origins' completely, he simply attempted to rectify his failure by plagiarizing the ancient explanation of novelty expressed by Lamarck. He took credit for it, as was his usual habit, by simply giving it a different name,-- "pangenesis". Just as he has already done with 'breeding', by calling it 'evolution'.  To eliminate any teleological lamarckian influence in evolutionary theory following the rise of Mendelian inheritance theory, geneticist statisticians [see Ronald Fisher, et al], adopted 'spontaneous generation by entropic genomic system failure', aka, "random genetic mutation", as the, you should forgive the expression, "explanation" for the mechanism generating biological novelty, 'origins'. This pretext then allowed "Natural Selection" to be rescued by materialists from the rubbish heap of science history, along with fresh pretensions that it really had something to do with the evolution of original bioforms and abilities.  Then Fisher and friends switched Darwin's "Natural Selection" of live organisms by "Mother Nature", (or "The Great Flying Spaghetti Monster", if you prefer), over to 'selection' of bits of inert chemical called 'genes'. And when even that wasn't materialistically reductionist enough, 'alleles'.  Out of this arose the new darwinist definition of evolution, now nothing more than the vacuous, "Evolution is the statistical fluctuation of comparitive allele[acid molecule] frequency within any given local population of genotypes." Which amounts to nothing more than the old stock-breeder's notion that Darwin adopted, i.e., 'blending', in which 'evolution' equates to 'breeding', the subtraction of some biological traits compared to the retention others over generations. As said before, that corruption has nothing whatsoever to do with the original and true meaning of evolution, i.e., the ORIGIN of _novel_ traits and behaviours.    What happens during the evolution of new species is populations throw up a number of variants.  ** "Throw up"!!?! What the heck is that supposed to mean? Do they "spontaneously generate" novel variants that are more in keeping with the necessities of the local environment? That would be evolutionary, alright, but "spontaneous generation" is just an irrational, even mystical, explanation for it. It can be reduced to the less than scientific bumper-sticker, "It just happens, that's all!".  Or do you mean that the 'random' sexual mixing of genes/acids from two different sources [conveniently ignoring the non-sexually reproducing members of the biosphere] 'spontaneously generates' completely new acid/gene/allele variants? If so, see above.  Or do you mean that natural 'breeding' takes place, wherein nothing original or novel _evolves_ at all, but simply that, thanks to local environmental pressures, some of the old and extablished inherited morphologies cope better with the present local conditions than other inherited traits? Which has nothing to do with actual 'evolution', (ie., ORIGINS), as the non-population geneticist/darwinist world understands that word. You might as well claim that 'evolution', by your definition, applies every time a farmer adds a brown chicken to a flock of white or black ones, or when brown hens mate with white roosters to produce mottled chicks!! That, my friends, is ridiculous.   Some breed more effectively than others in a given environment, and so their genes come to dominate the population.   ** So what? As above that's not evolution, that's simple breeding, as per the 'blending', or subtractive, theory of inheritance. Evolution is about creativity, not comparitive statistical rates of destruction.    This is a wholly separate issue from the individual adaptability of an organism to some limited and regular (or previously experienced) environmental change, such as change of season or salinity.  ** Like I didn't know that? Your problem is that you don't know that 'phenotypic plasticity' applies to much more than inherited, genetically established and determined, capacity for colour change or whatever. "Phenotypic plasticity", for your information, is also important in developmental biology and the epigenetic mechanisms in play wrt organismic morphology and behaviour. It is these newly found epigenetic mechanisms that are the key to the non-darwinian mechanism for evolution, i.e., the inherent ability of the organism to direct its own morphology and behaviour in response to present needs or opportunities found in its immediate environment.  You will claim that these epigentic developmental mechanisms for phenotypic plasticity are all completely under genetic control, but the fact is, they are not, but rather, are largely organismically responsive to environmental stimuli, in a lamarckian, not a darwinian, sense.    Quote: Now you show me science that proves that evolution is caused by spontaneously generated genetic accidents that are coincidentally, fortuitously, adaptive to chaotically arising local environmental conditions, as luck would have it.    I think the simplest thing for me to do is link you to a web page where microbial evolution is discussed:  ** It certainly would be the easiest and laziest thing for you to do, but don't try 'arguing by link' on me. Present your arguments in this forum, yourself. Feel free to quote from certain papers that you feel support your argument, showing, of course, just exactly and specifically how they do so. Or, for general interest's sake only, supply links you think people might enjoy reading; but do not think that by pointing to a link and ordering us all back to _your_ school that you have presented anything like a real argument, at all. I'll just ignore that kind of ploy.    Richard Lenski's lab isn't the only one involved in observing the appearance of mutations and selection in microbes, but it has done some outstanding work in the evolution of bacteria by natural selection, and would be a good place to start.  ** Unread, as per above.   If bacteria aren't good enough, there's another interesting experimental system with daphnia and fish here (and it's only one of many):  Rapid evolution in response to introduced predators I: rates and patterns of morphological and life  ** Oh, man, I have to love it!! Don't you get it?! "Rapid evolution" is contrary to darwinian "gradualism" (necessitated by darwinian dependence upon random genetic mutation as the root cause of evolution), just to start with. Secondly, the word "responsive" indicates an entirely different evolutionary mechanism, a neo-lamarckian mechanism, which is contrary to the darwinian word for your supposed mechanism, which is "selection". So whether the author realizes it or not, his work has an anti-darwinian, pro-lamarckian title!!  There are two ways to look at what happens in this study.  A/ True evolution occurred when novel, totally original morphology and/or behaviours arose in the fish, that had previously not been present in their established phenotype.   B/If nothing like this is observed, then no _evolution_, but only 'breeding',- [a statistical fluctuation in the relative frequency of inherited alleles], - occurred.   Abstract  Background  Introduced species can have profound effects on native species, communities, and ecosystems, and have caused extinctions or declines in native species globally. We examined the evolutionary response of native zooplankton populations to the introduction of non-native salmonids in alpine lakes in the Sierra Nevada of California, USA. We compared morphological and life-history traits in populations of Daphnia with a known history of introduced salmonids and populations that have no history of salmonid introductions.  Results  Our results show that Daphnia populations co-existing with fish have undergone rapid adaptive reductions in body size and in the timing of reproduction. Size-related traits decreased by up to 13 percent in response to introduced fish. Rates of evolutionary change are as high as 4,238 darwins (0.036 haldanes).  Conclusion  Species introductions into aquatic habitats can dramatically alter the selective environment of native species leading to a rapid evolutionary response. Knowledge of the rates and limits of adaptation is an important component of understanding the long-term effects of alterations in the species composition of communities. We discuss the evolutionary consequences of species introductions and compare the rate of evolution observed in the Sierra Nevada Daphnia to published estimates of evolutionary change in ecological timescales.  ** From what you've quoted here it would appear that nothing novel or original was generated in the daphnia, and that only B/, i.e., 'breeding', (no evolution at all), took place. A mere statistical fluctuation in the comparitive frequency within the established range of species body size. Which is the same as saying that ponies 'evolved' from horses, when in truth they are nothing but a variety of horse.  However, if the daphnia in fact reduced their size to a novel, original limit, one measurably below the size parameters set by their genetic heritage, then yes, real evolution, albeit only micro-evolution, transpired. I can't tell from the citation whether or not this is the case. However, if it is, (and I certainly hope it is!), then it is demonstrated proof that evolution is an organismic response to a proximate environmental stimulus, and not a darwinan happy genetic accident coupled with a 'selective' cull of the unfortunate and unlucky non-mutants.    And if daphnia don't convince you, here's another guy who's written several papers on evolutionary changes in the life cycle of Trinidadian guppies in response to natural selection by predation:  David Reznick:  My general interest is in studying the process of evolution by natural selection from an experimental perspective and testing evolutionary theory in natural populations. I primarily work on guppies from the Caribbean Island of Trinidad. Guppies are found in high and low predation environments that differ in the species of predators that guppies co-occur with. This contrast is found repeatedly in different drainages and the different predation regimes are often right next to one another, separated by a waterfall. Guppies from high predation environments experience much higher mortality rates. High mortality is associated with earlier maturity, a higher rate of investment of resources in reproduction, and the production of more and smaller offspring. All of these differences have a genetic basis. Mortality rates can be manipulated by either introducing guppies from high predation localities into sites from which they and their predators had previously been excluded by waterfalls, thus lowering mortality rates, or by introducing predators into low predation sites over barrier waterfalls, thus increasing mortality rates. Such experiments have shown that live histories evolve as predicted by theory and in a fashion that is consistent with the earlier comparative studies They have also shown that evolution by natural selection can be remarkably fast, on the order of four to seven orders of magnitude faster than inferred from the fossil record. I am currently studying the evolution of aging in this same system. These are just three of hundreds of examples of biologists measuring and quantitating the effect of natural selection on evolution, and attempting to explain HOW natural selection works, rather than just assuming it does.  ** Once again, I love it. Please keep supplying scientific evidence like this, that destroys, albeit all unawares, your darwinian 'passive selection' mechanism, and supports my lamarckian 'dynamic organic response' mechanism.   And if you think it still isn't natural selection, perhaps you could explain to me, meaningfully and scientifically, what it is.  ** I'll try, but you won't understand it any better this time than you ever have. Still, here goes--  Evolution only takes place when a morphological or behavioural trait appears in one or more organisms that cannot be accounted for within the range/parameters of possible variants in their inherited genotype. If there is a novel variation that is strictly quantitative, that is, there is more or less of the same trait, but more or less of it than than inherited alleles can account for, then micro-evolution can be said to occurred. If a major, robust physiological change occurs, in form and function, (such as a penguin's flight wing changing into a swimming flipper), then macro-evolution can be said to have occurred.  When evolution, micro or macro, as described above, does _not_ occur, but rather, only a simple arithmetic differential in established inherited phenotypes and standard behaviours occurs, then either 'breeding' or 'learning' has occurred, as forms of 'adaptation'. The darwinist mistake is to commonly confuse and conflate 'adaptation' with 'evolution' itself. I have not 'evolved' simply because I have learned not to shovel snow in my bare feet. Neither has 'evolution' occurred because I have bred my horses to be faster than yours.  Now, since even Darwin was forced to admit that his "Natural Selection" did not generate original traits, had nothing to do with 'origins', and thus nothing to do with evolution, but only to do with 'breeding', , it is plainly evident that "Natural Selection" has nothing to do with actual biological evolution, but solely to do with the statistical differentials between inherited variations--aka, 'breeding'. Data of great use in ecology, but nothing to do with evolution itself.  Whether your examples point to true evolution, even micro-evolution, and not mere 'breeding', is up to those who read your cited material to decide for themselves. But the fact remains that if real evolution did take place, "Natural Selection" had nothing to do with producing it.
Wascallywabbit, I will attempt one more time: Define "DARWINIST" and "DARWINISM"!   If you don't then you will confirm my suspicions that you only ome here to rant and rave until you are foaming at the mouth about some strawman that you come up with in your mind rather than have an actual discussion/debate.  PLEASE PROVE ME WRONG!  ** One more bloody time--  A darwinist is any person whose view of biology, particularly evolutionary biology, is defined by darwinism.  Darwinism is the belief, derived from materialism/mechanism/logical positivism, etc., that life forms are not qualitatively different from non-living corporeal forms, and following from that premise, that lifeforms, live organisms, are but the passive recipients of the actions of physical forces exerted upon them, just like all inanimate matter, and proceeding from that premise, that live organisms evolve, i.e., change over time, as the result of mechanical/chemical forces acting directly upon their morphologies, both at the genetic and at the organismic level. Genetic change, for a darwinist, is the result of the mechanical entropic action of mutagens or copying 'errors', and nothing else.  Organismic change is the mechanical expression of randomly altered acids/genes as developed organisms which are randomly [fortunately] linked by coincidence to current environmental demands. These demands, called 'selective forces', no matter what they are, where they are, or when they occur, or fail to occur, or whatever, simply mechanistically sort out for destructionthose passive organismic gene expressions [organisms, variants] that have not been randomly mutated, while leaving the lucky mutants passively unaffected by the cull. This hypothetical 'mechanical sorting' carries the deceptive misnomer, "Natural Selection".  That's it in a nutshell. Dispute it if you can.
I'd just like to point out that entropy is irrelevant to a discussion of mutations.  Entropy deals with the conversion of energy to a nonusable form, and while it does increase in all chemical reactions, it has nothing to do with "information" and/or complexity (which I assume is what you were referring to with "entropic").  ** You'd best catch up with the times--  http://www.answers.com/topic/information-entropy
 The definition of evolution, my dear chap, is best defined as Darwin defined it: Descent with modification. Indeed, Darwin didn't coin the word evolution at all, that was Huxley and others.  ** I don't know what point of mine you think you're addressing with this pompous vacuity, but FYI the word, evolution was "coined" by none of the above, but is derived from the latin 'evolvere', and has been in english usage since since scholars switched from latin to the vernacular in the late Renaissance. Its first application in english biology was-- " Professor Robert Jameson wrote an anonymous paper in 1826 praising "Mr. Lamarck" for explaining how the higher animals had "evolved" from the "simplest worms" - this was the first use of the word "evolved" in a modern sense."--see  http://www.answers.com/topic/lamarckism  Don't try your condescending pomposity on me. I'll call you on it every time.   Descent, of course, implies breeding for sexually reproducing organisms, or parthenogenesis for non-sexual organisms. Modification, as we now know, means genetic alterations, and perhaps epigenetic ones. Genetic alterations are various kinds of alterations in the DNA sequence, arising from well-known causes.   ** None of this contradicts any assertion I've made, as I've already pointed out. Except that, wrt epigenetic modification, there is no "perhaps" about it. It's a simple fact of modern biology.  Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  What word? Evolution?    No. Teleology.  And there's nothing "mystical" about natural selection, as biologists demonstrate how it happens all the time.[/quote]  ** Really? Just what is it that they demonstrate? As I've shown in other threads, you can't even distinguish 'natural selection' from 'adaptation' and 'evolution'; three distinct terms that are not synonymous with each other, despite the way you misuse them as such. Until you can straighten yourself out wrt the terms you misuse, it's hardly possible to debate those concepts with you. Define "NS" in such a way that it cannot be mistaken for and confused with 'adaptation' and/or 'evolution', per se, and we'll take it from there.
Sweetie, evolution as applied to biology was NOT coined by Darwin. It was not used by Darwin until the last edition of Origin. Capisce?  When you are able to address a single scientific issue about evolution, or the numerous demonstrations of natural selection, let me know. Till then, bloviate away.  ** Now you're just making a complete XXX of yourself. If you enjoy exposing yourself to ridicule, keep it up, but as I told you before, I'm looking for a serious debate, not some prancing and gibbering nonsense meant to express nothing better than some schoolboy's egotistic pretensions. You're on ignore until you grow up.
**  "Non-religious fundamentalism  Some refer to any literal-minded or intolerant philosophy with pretense of being the sole source of objective truth, as fundamentalist, regardless of whether it is usually called a religion. For example, when Albania under Enver Hoxha declared itself an "atheist state", it was deemed by some to be a kind of "Fundamentalist Atheism". There are people who in their attempt to live according to the writings of Ayn Rand seem to detractors to transgress respect for other perspectives in propagating their views, so that they are deemed to be a kind of "Objectivist Fundamentalist", and they are spoken of derogatorily as, "Randroids." In France, the imposition of restrictions on public display of religion has been labelled by some as "Secular Fundamentalism." The idea of non-religious Fundamentalism almost always expands the definition of "Fundamentalism" along the lines of criticisms.  Occasionally, it seems to represent an idea of purity, and is self-applied as signifying a rather counter-cultural fidelity to some noble, simple, but overlooked principle, as in Economic fundamentalism; but the same term can be used in a critical way. Roderick Hindery first lists positive qualities attributed to political, economic, or other forms of cultural fundamentalism. They include "vitality, enthusiasm, willingness to back up words with actions, and the avoidance of facile compromise." Then, negative aspects are analyzed, such as psychological attitudes, occasionally elitist and pessimistic perspectives, and in some cases literalism."  at-- wikipedia.org  For examples of fundamentalist atheism and fundamentalist pseudo-science, see "Darwinism", and any post by any 'darwindefender' in this forum.
For examples of fundamentalist atheism and fundamentalist pseudo-science, see "Darwinism", and any post by any 'darwindefender' in this forum.   This falls under the category of trolling, rather than debating. Hopefully we won't see much more of it in the future.  Sounds perfectly correct, reasonable and totally rational to me. Could you define what you consider trolling to be please ? emoticon_xgood
From Wikipedia:"In Internet terminology, a troll is someone who intentionally posts derogatory or otherwise inflammatory messages about sensitive topics in an established online community such as an online discussion forum to bait users into responding."Note the lack of factual content in WW's post, as well as the opinionated message.  Then what is derogatory or inflamitory about a true statement ? Thanks for the definition, you've proven my point. :)   Originally Posted by WW For examples of fundamentalist atheism and fundamentalist pseudo-science, see "Darwinism", and any post by any 'darwindefender' in this forum.
** Or "neo-Lamarckism", if you prefer. ;)  http://www.physorg.com/news95607862.html
** Or "neo-Lamarckism", if you prefer. ;)  http://www.physorg.com/news95607862.html  I'm just impressed this type of experiment was done at all. Of course it was done in Sweden...I don't think any university here in the U.S. or Canada would do such a thing...the scientific establishment here has no interest in the truth.  Isn't it amazing this type of experiment -- and thousands like them -- were not done decades ago? Why in the world is this new?
So SS. Please explain it all to me. Please show that you are not conclusion jumping and making unwarranted extrapolation based on poor understanding of the material. In other words, show me that you understand by explaining the research to me.  Thanks.   what exactly is my extrapolation?
** A bit more EAM--mosquitoes, this time.  http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/04/070423130327.htm
I'm somewhat baffled by the response of the 'neodarwinists ' here. How will you explain the first link WW provided in darwinist terms? And why this condesending tone all the time? make you look really bad.
We have a condensending tone because we know WW. He posts links to articles and claims they support his pet "theory", when in fact they simply don't. Any attempt to get him to explain why he thinks they do support his ideas, or any attempt to show why they don't, gets blown off.  ** The standard darwinist lie. The articles I post either contain facts that EITHER self-evidently, without need for further comment, contradict the darwinist RMNS, i.e., 'spontaneous generation at the genetic inheritance level, followed by coincidental fortuitous benefit at the organismic reproductive level', passive, particulate, notion of what causes life forms to alter and change over time, OR, contain facts that inarguably point directly to a non-random, teleological, self-generated dynamic and responsive mechanism for altering organismic bioform and behaviour whose substrate is the organism, as a whole system, and not the acids and other particles, i.e., 'bits of stuff', used by the organic system to run and maintain itself productively.  Where there is no point in belabouring self-evident facts, I simply do not. Anyone too stupid or too brainwashed to be able to recognise a plain fact and its inescapable implications is too stupid and brainwashed to waste time on. That would include 99.9% of the darwinists who post to this board, and at least 90% of all darwinists who post to any board.   Occasionally a darwinist will ask a sincere question, and I will answer it sincerely and as clearly as I can. Better yet, a non-darwinist will do that. By this time I know the names of all the darwinists on this board capable of asking a sincere questions, and I respond to both of them when and if they post. The rest of the clowns never debate, anyway, but only vent their childish spite as soon as anyone, [and that would be me], starts to show up their self-titled "science" for the atheist-based metaphysic that it truly is.  Make no mistake. These guys are not here to defend science, but to evangelize atheism, just as they do at Internet Infidels, Panda's Thumb, etc. That's fair ball--that's what these internet philosophy boards are all about. But since they cannot successfully defend their philosophical opinion aginst my facts and reasoning in a rational, sincere, and adult fashion, they sooner or later, [the stupider they are, the sooner], simply make personal attacks on their opponent. [i.e., me, myself], and use every casuist, sophist, and schoolyard trick in an effort to divert the reader's attention away from the FACTS and entailed inferences found in the material I cite. Why should I help them make nasty noises while they sow smelly insults, red-herrings, non sequiturs, and just plain B.S.?   As for the article, I don't see that it contradicts evolutionary theory in any way.  ** No, I don't suppose you do, or ever can.   It's well known that gene expression is influenced by environment, be it the environment that the organism is in, in the case of the adult, or the environment that the genome develops in, in the case of the egg. The article even expressly states that gene expression is what is being effected by stress, not the genes themselves.  ** Duh! Dat's duh pernt, kronny!?!?!!:xbanghead    "To investigate whether there was any genetic basis for the effect, the research group examined the expression levels of about 9000 genes in the brain of the chickens. In birds exposed to stress, there was a number of genes where the expression was either increased or decreased, and the same genes were similarly affected in the offspring. "  If the genes are the same from one generation to the next, then what you're seeing isn't evolution.  ** By whose definition of the word, 'evolution'? According to darwinists and their self-serving definition organisms don't 'evolve',-- rather, particulate clusters of acid molecules 'change', and their statistical differential wrt to other such particle clusters (as found in certain 'populations', i.e., very similar acid clusters called 'genotypes', or sometimes, by extension, in 'populations' of very similar genetically determined organic trait clusters called, 'phenotypes', when found gathered in one geographical area, i.e., ecosystem) is all that 'evolution' amounts to. A hill of beans surrounded by a swarm of bean-counters.  Better minds, [and that would just about anyone who isn't a darwinist], have a much less shallow understanding of life and how and why its forms vary and evolve.    Clearly the author of the article, and WW, has some misconception about what evolution actually entails.  ** HAW!! The hubris of the darwinist!! If it don't conform to your ridiculous definition [see above],"wal, thin, hit jist ain't ',evolution", eh, pardner?!?    But we can't ask the author what he thinks it means, and WW is unlikely to answer a straight question with a straight answer.  ** We'll see how long you continue give 'straight answers' once I start showing martin and any other interested party just how devious and crooked they truly are.   For a start, how much more devious can you get than to do as kronus does above, i.e., take the point of the OP and pretend, disingenuously, that that point does not self-evidently contradict his darwinian hypothesis on how evolution is driven, but rather, actually supports his "theory", simply because it says nothing that contradicts his own utterly vacuous definition [see above], of what, 'evolution', actually is?    If you, martinlb, have any questions I'll gladly see what I can do to answer them.  ** And I'll look forward to them myself, martin. Sincere questions deserve sincere answers, and so I'll help blow away the phony darwinist sophistry for you, as best I can.
 Quote: Originally Posted by PirateChimp  I hope I'm not making an XXX of myself here. But as far as I can see Evolution Theory is based on the fact that traits CAN be inherited.    True.  ** This is only 'true' when applied to the darwinist notion of evolution, where the evolution/genesis of 'novel' traits, [i.e., 'origins'], is tied to a theory of 'inheritance', i.e., the conservation and preservation of 'old', [i.e., 'derivative'], traits. To anyone but a darwinist this 'explanation' of one phenomenon on the basis of its opposite, a contradicting and contrary phenomenon, is ridiculously irrational. But that's what you get when you let your metaphysic [eg., materialist atheism], dictate your pseudoscience for you, 'a priori'.    The problem here is that the article is somewhat poorly written.  ** Translation--it says things krony and his cronies do not wish to hear.   Traits which have a genetic basis are, of course, inheritable. What the article was trying to say is that traits which don't have a genetic basis aren't inheritable, and gave as an example learnt behaviors.  ** Here comes the distortion, deception, and standard darwinian mendacity, folks. Here is what the OP is really all about, as stated in its very first lines--  "Evolutionary theory ever since Darwin is based on the assumption that acquired traits, such as learnt modifications of behaviour, cannot be inherited by the offspring. Now, a Swedish-Norwegian research group, led by professor Per Jensen at Link&#246;ping university in Sweden, shows that chickens can actually inherit behavioural modifications induced by stress in their parents."  Kronus says that when the article says 'inherit', it really meant 'learned'. This is a lie on his part. When the article says 'inherit', it means, 'inherit'. How do we know? Because it next states--  "The scientists grew groups of chickens under stressful conditions, where a randomly fluctuating day-night rhythm made access to food and resting perches unpredictable. This caused a marked decrease in the ability of the stressed birds to solve a spatial learning task. Remarkably, their offspring also had a decreased learning ability, in spite of being kept under non-stress conditions from the point of egg-laying. They were also more competitive and grew faster than offspring of non-stressed birds."   Now so far you might think, well, if they were hatched and raised by their stressed-out, wacky mother hens, then the unstressed chicks still might have just copied [learned] such behaviour from their moms. This, of, course, assumes that the swedish scientists were totally stupid incompetents that they could conduct such an experiment without foreseeing such a development, and therefore neglected to incubate the eggs and raise the hachlings apart from their parents. Personally, I do not automatically assume, as kronus apparently does, that all non-american scientists are just that stupid and short-sighted. How else than that he assumes that the chicks were raised in the presence of stressed-out mothers can he go on to say--  [kronus] "For example, ust[sic] because I've learned to look both ways before crossing the street doesn't mean my offspring will be born with that ability. The article then goes on to confuse learned behavior with behavior that is a result of a change in the environment."  I mean, aside from the fact 'learned' behaviour is always a result of some kind of 'change in the environment', be it a 'teacher' or whatever, so making this last sentence absurd, this study bears no relation to some child being 'taught' by its parent how to cross a street safely, nor even an untaught child who somehow survived to learn the trick from copying other people. These chicks, to do that, had to be raised in the presence of their parents, and there is no rational reason to suppose that the swedes were dumb enough to do that.   The chickens didn't learn to act differently when stressed, that behavior was already programmed in at a genetic level ready to be triggered given the right stimulus.  ** Apart from the fact that this claim is utterly unsupported empirically, and is so nebulous as to be fundamentally vacuous, what is there in the article that prompts kronus to say such a thing? Apparently kronus took this as his cue--  "To investigate whether there was any genetic basis for the effect, the research group examined the expression levels of about 9000 genes in the brain of the chickens. In birds exposed to stress, there was a number of genes where the expression was either increased or decreased, and the same genes were similarly affected in the offspring."   N.B.---The 'genes' DID NOT change. The 'genes' in the brain did not mutate. So there goes RMNS darwinism as an explanation for evolved traits in the offspring, right from the jump.  So what did change? The organismic expression of chemically unchanged genes in the brain [behaviour trait centre] in both parent and offspring. BTW, shooting down, one more time, the darwinist, linear, genetic determinist, ' one gene determines one trait' model that has been dead for decades, but is, by kronus and friends, repeatedly being dug back up out of its grave.  Any novel change/mutation in "expression" at the organismic level that cannot be directly linked to a novel genetic mutation can only be EAM, aka Devo-Evo, (that is, developmental evolution), a neo-lamarkian phenomenon. Why? Because such a phenomenon nothing whatsoever to do with the darwinist, "ToE", that is, that such novel trait changes/'expressions' originate from-- "Random Genetic Mutation", coincidentally expressed as some lucky organismic trait that "Natural Selection" does not eliminate before it is inherited by offspring. And there simply is no genetic mutation here. What it does show, empirically, are that organismic tyraits are not determined by genetic chemicals, but by the organism's usage of those chemicals to its own purposes and advantage.    And since the genes that give rise to the observed behavior are already there it comes as no real surprise that eggs created while the mother chicken was stressed would have the same genes triggered that result in the stressed behavior.   ** And here is the root of the big fat darwinist lie. Kronus equates organismic gene expression with the gene [ a string of bits of acid] itself. He has to do that if he is to remain a darwinist. To accept the truth, (that is, that bits of acid remained the same, but still the organism changed, as a direct result of its changed environment, and that that organismic change/mutation [evolution] was continued in its offspring, without them inheriting a corresponding genetic change/mutation), is to refute all that is darwinist.  Epigenetic inheritance and trait expression {Evo-Devo, EAM} is totally anti-darwininian RMNS, but here, in this article, is one more scientific proof that it is a fact. [As opposed to the darwinian _presumption_ of fortuitous environmental coincidence with a 'spontaneously generated' DNAcid change.]   This sort of confusion is all too common in science articles written for the popular press. The writers and editors don't necessarily understand the topic they're writing about and so it's quite common for the science to be misinterpreted. I pretty much ignore any conclusions that articles like that reach that aren't direct quotes from the researchers themselves.  ** No, any 'confusion', in the minds of the public, is of the kind deliberately sown by darwinists like kronus in this post,-- meant to obfuscate and obscure scientific facts that contradict their pseudo-scientific metaphysical mumbo-jumbo.
 I can't reply to everything you post wascally because I'm severely lacking in knowledge in general about genetics. I hope you don't mind me replying to some stuff though.    Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  **  ** Here comes the distortion, deception, and standard darwinian mendacity, folks. Here is what the OP is really all about, as stated in its very first lines--  "Evolutionary theory ever since Darwin is based on the assumption that acquired traits, such as learnt modifications of behaviour, cannot be inherited by the offspring. Now, a Swedish-Norwegian research group, led by professor Per Jensen at Linköping university in Sweden, shows that chickens can actually inherit behavioural modifications induced by stress in their parents."  Kronus says that when the article says 'inherit', it really meant 'learned'. This is a lie on his part. When the article says 'inherit', it means, 'inherit'. How do we know? Because it next states--.   Quote: Originally Posted by Kronus  What the article was trying to say is that traits which don't have a genetic basis aren't inheritable,   I don't know where you read what you read but he was obviously not saying that.   ** If, by 'he', you are referring to Kronus, he most certainly is saying what I say he is saying, when he says, as I quoted in my post--"Traits which have a genetic basis are, of course, inheritable. What the article was trying to say is that traits which don't have a genetic basis aren't inheritable, and gave as an example learnt behaviors. " He clarifies what he means by "learnt behaviours" going on to say, "For example, ust[sic] because I've learned to look both ways before crossing the street doesn't mean my offspring will be born with that ability. The article then goes on to confuse learned behavior with behavior that is a result of a change in the environment."  So he is telling us a lie, because the article actually says, as you yourself quoted it saying,and I repeated, "Evolutionary theory ever since Darwin is based on the assumption that acquired traits, such as learnt modifications of behaviour, cannot be inherited by the offspring. Now, a Swedish-Norwegian research group, led by professor Per Jensen at Linköping university in Sweden, shows that chickens can actually inherit behavioural modifications induced by stress in their parents." [bold mine].  So if you are referring to kronus, then I simply cannot see how you could have failed to see that, in fact that is exactly what 'he', kronus, was in fact saying.  Of course, if by 'he' you mean the article's author, and or the scientists involved, when they say 'inherit', they DO NOT mean 'learned', as in, children who had to 'learn' to look both ways before crossing the street. Not unless, as in this experiment, the parent chickens "learnt" how to cross the road, but their chicks 'inherited' that learning, and that's how they 'learned' it, which is a complete confusion and obfuscation of what 'learn' means as opposed to what 'inherit' means.   [kronus] "For example, ust[sic] because I've learned to look both ways before crossing the street doesn't mean my offspring will be born with that ability. The article then goes on to confuse learned behavior with behavior that is a result of a change in the environment."  [ww] "I mean, aside from the fact 'learned' behaviour is always a result of some kind of 'change in the environment', be it a 'teacher' or whatever, so making this last sentence absurd, this study bears no relation to some child being 'taught' by its parent how to cross a street safely, nor even an untaught child who somehow survived to learn the trick from copying other people. These chicks, to do that, had to be raised in the presence of their parents, and there is no rational reason to suppose that the swedes were dumb enough to do that. "   Once again I don't read anything about him saying anything along those lines. << He says the stress caused in the chickens is a concequence of their environment. Not because they are taught how to be stressed.   ** Everybody says that about the stress. But we are not discussing the stress. We are discussing the behaviour trait change, that is, how it was generated, [i.e., NOT by random genetic mutation, but by organismic response to the environment and the stress that environment induced in the organism itself, entire and whole], and, more to point, how it was _inherited_, as opposed to 'learned', and was inherited, 'epigenetically', i.e., non-genetically.  So again I have no idea you are referring to when you say, "Once again I don't read anything about him [kronus] saying anything along those lines." Evidently, you are one of those who kronus very successfully confused altogether about what the article, and he himself, were claiming. Let me put it to you in in a nutshell. What the article, and the experiments authors, claim, and what kronus says they are claiming. are so diametrically oppopsite and contradictory that what kronus believes what he says, then he is merely incredibly stupid, but if, as is more usually the case with darwinists, he is deliberately 'muddying the the waters', then he is, quite frankly, lying to you.   So you don't have genes in your body that aren't activated? Aka my father has blue eyes and my mother brown eyes. I have 1 blue eye gene in my body yet I don't have 1 blue eye and 1 brown eye. But 2 brown eyes. So it's obviously not active.(ok bad example) Don't know the exact name for it. But don't rabbits have a genetic response hard coded. As every animal. That when they are being chased that they make irratic maneuvres. He says that the chickens had genes that had some hardcoded information about how to respond to certain conditions. They got activated in them. And the same information was passed to the children.  So they don't come out all big eyed and is mister big teeth my uncle?  ** There is no comparison between inherited eye-colour, which varies according to certain genetic rules, and what is happening here. There is no 'dominant/recessive' aspect to this. You need to read up on this aspect of inheritance.   Just to begin with, you would have to assume that prior to this experiment, under normal environmental conditions, _some_ chickens always inherited an 'allele', or whatever, that caused them to always behave the way the stressed parents behaved in the experiment. But that simply is not the fact of the matter. No chickens had ever before inherited and exhibited those traits, not unless and until they were stressed out by their environments as per the experiment. Even though the genes/alleles were there all along, the novel traits were not. This is nothing at all like what is involved in inherited eye-colour, or any other trait that is 'gene dependent', i.e., genetically determined. Here we are talking 'origins', not 'inheritance'. If both your parents, and their parents, and so on, have brown eyes, then you did not get your blue eyes because your mother was frightened by a horse!   Actually ToE isn't all that random. To a certain degree yes.  ** Oh, please! You cannot get any more random than having a trait that is determined by a spontaneously generated random genetic mutation that is coincidentally, and fortuitously, well suited to the new environmental circumstance that you 'just happen', randomly, to find yourself suddenly confronted with, while your poor relatives faced with the same environmental challenge, poor unlucky sods, 'just happened' to _not_ have that 'random' but somehow exquisitely well-timed, genetic mutation. Or were simply too careless to conserve/inherit that 'random' genetic mutation for the 4, 5, 6 generations, or the 4,5,or 6 thousand generations, when it was not coincidentally, accidentally, and fortuitously adaptive wrt the present challenge you are facing. You really have to bust a gut to believe this sort of foolishness, but once you are converted, the cognitive dissonance forces you to go on believing it, and trying to make others believe it. That's how religious fundamentalists, cults, and nazis get started, and what makes their insanity so hard to eradicate once it takes hold. And so it is with RMNS darwinism.   But Sexual Selection aka a part of the ToE. Dictates that when there is a benificial/attractive change. That change will be enhanced almost exponentially. Because the female of the species will be programmed to search for that and will carry the gene herself so will give it to her off spring. And the male will be more succesfull so produce more off spring. So no instant eyes or anything like that. I think that's what you were implying.   ** This is irrelevant to the thread, so I'll skip it.   Sorry for responding in Kronus's stead. I'm sure he can defend himself but I found it unjust the way you replied to his post and attacked it on foundations that you didn't have.   ** No problem. Post away. If I think you're sincere, no matter that you are somehow, incredibly confused by what you think you read, I will, as now, attempt to clarify your thinking. Whether I succeed in that or not is mainly up to you. But if you are simply determined to go on believing that I was "unjust [in] the way [I] replied to [kronus'] post and attacked it on foundations that [I] didn't have", and you go on doing just that despite all the reasoning and evidence that I have here produced to the contrary, then I am free to decide that no further effort is warranted. __________________
Peeling: "it's perfectly straightforward to suppose that the chemical trigger to which the parents' genome was sensitive also reached the genes of the embryo while inside the parent. The most likely scenario, then, is that this was the mechanism of epigenetic inheritance"  Is this really a wellknown, accepted mechanism? I'm curious how it works.  One more question (two i realise). Has it been shown that genes control/decide behaviour? Can one assume that single genes program certain responses, or are behaviour more to be regarded as side effects of genetic expression in other areas?  thanks to those who responded to my first q btw
[quote]Peeling: "it's perfectly straightforward to suppose that the chemical trigger to which the parents' genome was sensitive also reached the genes of the embryo while inside the parent. The most likely scenario, then, is that this was the mechanism of epigenetic inheritance"  Is this really a wellknown, accepted mechanism? I'm curious how it works.  ** Or, exactly what I call Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis. And yes, the evidence for it has been accumulating, ever more rapidly for the past 3 decades. But, the original idea that organisms control the behaviour of their own chemicals, responsively, in correlation with environmental stimuli, and that they do this most particularly during development, when their bioform and its operation/behaviour are being passed from one generation to the next, goes back to Lamarck and Von Baer, predating Darwin and Fisher's darwinism, aka, materialist/mechanist spontaneous generation. That is, the notion voiced once again, above, that "Chemicals/'genes' change spontaneously/randomly and these accidental changes determine what the poor, passive organisms [that's you and me, among others] which are therebye expressed are going to be stuck with, no matter what, strictly as an epiphenomal by-product of basic chemistry.   The question that is not addressed by the mechanist's simple statement, "a chemical does something, that's all", is EAM's inquiry into how and why chemicals do what they do in the complex autopoietic biosystems that we call live organisms, but nowhere else. Not even in dead organisms. Darwinist's should not be allowed to wave that off with their standard, "It 'just happens', that's all!".   One more question (two i realise). Has it been shown that genes control/decide behaviour?  ** Darwinist's are forced by their metaphysic and its inherent determinism, in this case 'genetic determinism' to assert that that is the case. To do this darwinist psychology, first called, "Behaviourism", then, "Sociobiology", and now, "Evolutionary Psychology" [should you wish to do some googling] all promote that notion. Indeed, the political notion, "Social Darwinism", depends upon it as well. EAM asserts that although much behaviour is automatised and, over repeated expression in continuing generations, is sometimes recorded genetically as a "systemic habit", or 'instinct'. But that the organism still originated the behaviour, not the bit of chemical that automatised it, and that, to some degree, the organism still has some control over it. The simplest organisms, the least control, the most complex, [ourselves], the greatest control--conscious volition.   Can one assume that single genes program certain responses,  ** Certainly "some" reactions, i.e., the most basic chemical reactions. Organismic responses of any organic complexity [involving more than 1 systematic step]? I doubt it.   or are behaviour more to be regarded as side effects of genetic expression in other areas?  ** Your question, in its entirety, begs tthe question, by assuming beforehand that genes , in one way or another, completly determine behaviour.   thanks to those who responded to my first q btw  ** You're welcome.
 quote=wascallywabbit;277330] Quote: The question that is not addressed by the mechanist's simple statement, "a chemical does something, that's all", is EAM's inquiry into how and why chemicals do what they do in the complex autopoietic biosystems that we call live organisms, but nowhere else. Not even in dead organisms. Darwinist's should not be allowed to wave that off with their standard, "It 'just happens', that's all!".    Quick point: a live organism is physically and electrically distinguishable from a dead one.  ** Well, duh, that is my point, after all.   In those cases where the differences can be sufficiently rectified, life can be restored,  ** Life is never "restored", only prolonged. If and when it is impossible to discover those "physical and electrical" differences, you've got a dead organism, and you are not going to "rectify" that.   which suggests that it is the configuration of the matter and energy in a living organism that causes it to behave differently to a dead organism.  ** Well of course it is!! That's exactly what I've been telling you all along. Your problem is that you want to trace that "energy" back to the four physical forces, and those forces back to something you call "matter"-- but you can't. They are all still there, still 'doing their thing', no matter that the live organism is now dead--but now they don't seem to be able to generate that 'energy' you spoke of--no electricity, and so forth. But if they are its source, and the molecules and 'bits of stuff' involved are their source, as well, then why can't they? The 'bits of stuff' are still there!  If you can't play Frankenstein by putting all the organic bits of stuff taken from what were live organisms, put them together, either all at once or a bit at a time, and play games with them electromagnetically and/or gravitationally, and pop up something even remotely 'lifelike', then why the heck can't you, over half a century since Miller/Urey? Simple. You need another energy source apart from the four physical forces. Vitality, is what I call it.   The time-worn (my the puns are flowing thick and fast today) analogy is the difference between a square and a round stone: analyse their composition - what is in them - as much as you like and you will find no difference, yet they will behave differently when resting on a slope.  ** The point being? Duh.   WW has thus far been unable to explain why EAM's 'inquiry' isn't analogous to hypothesising a new force 'roundality' that causes these (as far as EAM is concerned) identical lumps of matter to behave so differently.  ** Nonsense. There is no analogy, no comparison whatsoever. The assertion is ludicrous and merits no response. However, if it were the case that round stones rolled uphill, when no others did, then peeling might have a sensible point.    Quote:[ww] Darwinist's are forced by their metaphysic and its inherent determinism, in this case 'genetic determinism' to assert that that is the case.    This is inaccurate. Chemicals can and do influence behaviour, and genes can and do regulate the production of chemicals within the body. Hence, genes can influence behaviour, potentially by their mere presence, or as part of a chain of chemical triggers. As Kronus points out, however, there's no suggestion in Darwinism that there's a 'drink coffee with your lunch' gene.  ** Wrong. Materialist determinism, which is an inseparable feature of darwinism/geneticism , says that everything that anything, alive or dead, does, (provided that it is physically able to do it), it does mechanically and inevitably because the chain of causation stretching back to 'the big bang' dictates that behaviour. That anything that appears to be choice and volition, i.e., is voluntary, is illusory. Even deciding whether to have two sugars with your coffee, or to murder your wife.  from answers.com  " de·ter·min·ism (d&#301;-tûr'm&#601;-n&#301;z'&#601;m)  n. The philosophical doctrine that every state of affairs, including every human event, act, and decision is the inevitable consequence of antecedent states of affairs.  Your are either a "determinist", or you are not. If you believe that choice and volition are real, even if only a little bit, then you are not a 'determinist', since with determinism it's all or nothing. If it's not "all" , then you are not a determinist. And unless you are a determinist, you cannot be a materialist, and if you cannot be a materialst, then you cannot be a darwinist/geneticist. Not rationally, you can't. But nobody says darwinists are rational.  If you believe that it is possible to believe that there is no qualitative difference between a live organism and a dead one, [they are both just chemicals, no more, no less, just doing what chemicals do], then you are a materialist. If you believe that a materialist need not be a determinist, then please defend that proposition rationally. If you believe that a darwinist need not be a materialist, or one of materialism's clones, and hence, a determinist, than please defend that position rationally.  Simply pretending that you can be a darwinist without being a materialist, and a materialist without being a determininist, and a determinist but still have real self-control over the least thing that you do, or to refrain from doing something when it is in your power to do it, is simply inane self-contradiction.  More later, if I feel like it.
 Quote: Life is never "restored", only prolonged.    Only according to the precepts of Vitalism.  ** No, as a matter of fact. Nowhere, outside of mythology and fantasy fiction, is anything that is truly dead ever 'restored' to life. You can 'revitalize' that which was 'dying', but still clinging to life, but you can never 'restore life' to that which has actually died.   What I find significant is that Vitalism refuses to make any statement about when life officially leaves the building except in terms of physical degradation and our current practical ability to reverse it.  ** What else is there to say? A physical biosytem is dead once it, taken as a whole, it cannot access Vitality. A single cell is dead when it can no longer do this, a multi-celled organism is dead when none of its cells can do this. If you want to sub-divide multi-celled, multi-organed organisms, a heart is dead when all of its cells are dead, but the heart owner may not be dead even when his heart is, because he got a new heart to replace it. What is so hard to understand about that?  The fact that, FAPP, a person, or his liver, or whatever, is functionally so far gone that we pronounce him, her, or it 'dead' while it is still dying but still partially alive, makes no never mind to to the fact that there is a quantum measurement dividing life from death, and that quantum is quite simply the last cell to die. There is no such thing as a non-quantumized 'continuum' anywhere in the universe. That is the Materialist/Eleatic fallacy dispelled by quantum mechanics.   Yet again, it decides what 'must have' happened after the fact, rather than making a useful prediction. If the dead person was revived, he 'must have' not been really dead.  ** Exactly. He was not dead, only dying. If you want to establish that this corpse is truly dead before you 'restore life' to it, a la Mary Shelley's fantasy,  you simply check to see that the last cell has died before you start 'restoring'. It's that simple. You can shorten the process somewhat if you like. It would be neat trick ikf you could cut off a gangrenous limb, take that totally dead limb, or organ, or 'brain', or whatever, down to the lab, and 'restore life' to it, then re-attach this newly restored limb, organ, to its grateful recipient. Or maybe some other grateful recipient. I wonder who you would be, if you received the donation of of some corpse's 'rebuilt' brain? Doesn't really bear thinking about, does it?  Quote If and when it is impossible to discover those "physical and electrical" differences, you've got a dead organism, and you are not going to "rectify" that.    Hmm... no, sorry, I'm not sure how to interpret that. When you describe a situation where it's 'impossible to discover' the physical and electrical differences, do you mean that the differences are too small to be detected, or that they're too great to be understood/rectified? If the latter, then you're stating an obvious truism: if you can't fix it, it's beyond help. The failure is in our abilities, not in the underlying principle.  ** I am stating, and quite clearly, I thought, that once the last cell in any biosystem, be it an organ or an entire organism or a colony, is dead, then and only then is that organ, organism, colony, actually and finally dead. In addition, I have stated that it is easily determined from observation of behaviour as to whether or not a cell is or is not, dead. And yes, I am stating a truism--the truism that once a biosytem is no longer alive, it is dead, and once it is dead, it cannot be 'restored' to life. You want to argue against this truism, but truisms are facts, and arguing against them is an exercise in futility.   Quote: Well of course it is!! That's exactly what I've been telling you all along. Your problem is that you want to trace that "energy" back to the four physical forces, and those forces back to something you call "matter"-- but you can't. They are all still there, still 'doing their thing', no matter that the live organism is now dead--but now they don't seem to be able to generate that 'energy' you spoke of--no electricity, and so forth.    Yes, the individual bits are still 'doing their thing' at the molecular level, but their relative arrangement and/or the interactions between them have been disrupted, so the result of them 'doing their thing' is no longer the same. Disassemble a mechanical watch and all its pieces will continue to behave according to their physical nature - but that new configuration will not tell the time.  ** My point exactly. Again. And Paley's too, for what it's worth.   Quote: But if they are its source, and the molecules and 'bits of stuff' involved are their source, as well, then why can't they? The 'bits of stuff' are still there!    Again, you're asking "why can't a square rock roll? It's made of all the same stuff as a round rock! There must be another force at work!"   Well, ok, its an imperfect analogy because a round rock doesn't 'die' and become a square rock. Better to say you're asking "If molecules are the source, why can't this broken pocket watch tell time? The 'bits of stuff' are still there!"  ** Exactly. So, please answer the question. Why can't they? While you're at it, answer this question--why can't a perfectly designed, engineered manufactured and running timepiece tell time to a tribe of of amazonian indians who have no notion of how the rest of us quantify time?   Quote: If you can't play Frankenstein by putting all the organic bits of stuff taken from what were live organisms, put them together, either all at once or a bit at a time, and play games with them electromagnetically and/or gravitationally, and pop up something even remotely 'lifelike', then why the heck can't you, over half a century since Miller/Urey? Simple. You need another energy source apart from the four physical forces. Vitality, is what I call it.    Or, we just need a more time because it's complicated and difficult.  ** "Materialism of the gaps."?   Saying it's impossible because we haven't done it yet would, at various stages in history, have applied to heavier-than-air flight, nuclear fission - pretty much anything we've ever done 'for the first time'.  ** That's fair. But it's also fair to say that doing the same thing, over and over and over and over, in the expectation that someday you'll get a different result, is irrational.   Quote: Nonsense. There is no analogy, no comparison whatsoever. The assertion is ludicrous and merits no response. However, if it were the case that round stones rolled uphill, when no others did, then peeling might have a sensible point.    No, WW, once again you've got it completely backward. If we saw round stones rolling uphill, or even not rolling down, we would realise the known physical forces were lacking, and we would need to consider the possibility of 'Roundality'. The same as if we saw a square stone suddenly roll downhill. Either way, we would be justified in inferring another force at work.   ** Again. My point exactly. I don't have anything backward.   When we look at a living organism, it's perfectly possible that we're seeing a round stone rolling downhill, writ large, because living organisms are all strikingly similar in terms of what they're made of and how they are configured at the molecular level.   ** Exactly. Round stones and square stones are identical at the molecular level, so it it is not at the molecular level that their ability to roll resides. The same goes for live organisms and dead organisms.   You have no basis for your inference of an additional force at work, because we never see a round stone not rolling downhill (ie, a dead organism that according to all we know about matter and the physical forces is indistinguishable from a live one)  ** This makes no sense. A round stone must, because it is passive, do as the force of gravity requires of it. So must a corpse. What of it? I postulate no additional forces for rocks and corpses obeying the dictates of the four physical forces! I'm not even talking about rocks and corpses, save only in the sense that they do not have the dynamic abilities that autopoietic biosystems, i.e., live organisms do have. Do you deny that live organisms have dynamic abilities that rocks and corpses do not have? If you do, I cannot help you. If you do not, account for them using only the four physical forces that rocks and corpses do have, and then explain why those forces don't have those rocks and corpses out there, dynamically hopping and skipping about, just like us live organisms.   Quote: Wrong. Materialist determinism, which is an inseparable feature of darwinism/geneticism , says that everything that anything, alive or dead, does, (provided that it is physically able to do it), it does mechanically and inevitably because the chain of causation stretching back to 'the big bang' dictates that behaviour.    You wrote a lot more, but that's enough to get the gist. This originated here:   Quote: One more question (two i realise). Has it been shown that genes control/decide behaviour?  ** Darwinist's are forced by their metaphysic and its inherent determinism, in this case 'genetic determinism' to assert that that is the case.    Even in a deterministic philosophy, your root assertion remains incorrect. Even if an organism has in reality no conscious free will, and makes its decisions mechanically based on its experiences, those decisions are still formed from far more input than its genes alone - therefore, genes do not determine behaviour, they at best influence it, or assist/hinder the pursuit of it through the phenotype.   ** Well, apart from the fact that I see no reason to admit of an organism that "has in reality no conscious free will, and makes its decisions mechanically based on its experiences", the rest of your statement, that, "those decisions are still formed from far more input than its genes alone - therefore, genes do not determine behaviour, they at best influence it, or assist/hinder the pursuit of it through the phenotype.", is, one more time, folks, my point exactly.   Your claim is analogous to saying that a mechanistic view of the universe would 'force' me to assert that the design of a car determines the route it will be driven.  ** That and the mechanical 'design' of its equally mechanist driver would, truly, as a matter of fact, determine exactly that. The driver would have no more say about which roads his car drives on then the car would, or even the roads would, come to that. That's the point I'm making about the inevitable and absolute determinism of materialism/mechanism. Unless determinism is absolute, mechanism fails, and if mechanism fails, then materialism fails, and if materialism fails, then geneticist/particulate RMNS darwinism fails.  BTW, quantum mechanics says that absolute determinism fails. You do the math.
WW is right. It's funny how darwinists are running from genetic determinism now....but that's not been the story for the past century. ToE was established on a foundation of genetic determinism, and it's funny how now you guys are running from it, yet still wanting to prop up ToE as if it's something other than a stiff corpse:  http://www.twnside.org.sg/title/bad.htm  The Central Dogma formalizes the four basic assumptions of genetic determinism and give them material substance.   1. Genes determine characters in a straightforward, additive way: one gene-one protein, and by implication, one character. Environmental influence, if it occurs, can be neatly sorted from the genetic.   2. Genes and genomes are stable, and except for rare, random mutations, are passed on unchanged to the next generation.   3. Genes and genomes cannot be changed directly in response to the environment.   4. Acquired characters are not inherited, as germline genes are not influenced by the environment.   These assumptions fit neatly with the dominant neo-Darwinian theory, which says that all of marvelous life on earth evolved, and is still evolving essentially by the natural selection of random genetic mutations. Neo-Darwinism combines Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection with August Weismann's theory of the immortal, inviolable germline, which, through Mendelian and molecular genetics became the Central Dogma. So, there is supposed to be a 'Weismann's barrier' forbidding environmental influences from changing the genes directly, especially in the germ cells that give rise to the next generation.   That is how biologists and the public at large came to see the living world purely in terms of genes and DNA. There are no organisms, only collections of 'selfish genes', all clamoring to replicate. There are no societies of communities, only selfish individuals competing against one another. Dawkins is the best known popularizer of such views.   "If you look at the way natural selection works, it seems to follow that anything that has evolved by natural selection should be selfish. Therefore we must expect that when we go and look at the behaviour of baboons, humans and all other living creatures, we will find it to be selfish. If we find that our expectation is wrong, if we observe that human behaviour is truly altruistic, then we will be faced with something puzzling, something that needs explaining."   The explanation on offer for altruistic behaviour is essentially disguised selfishness. Dawkin's view on the organism, is that it doesn't exist, the organism is just the means for propagating replicators, or genes,   "We are all survival machines for the same kind of replicator - molecules called DNA - but there are many different ways of making a living in the world, and the replicators have built a vast range of machines to exploit them..."   "...Exactly how [genes specifying proteins] leads to the development of a baby is a story which it will take decades, perhaps centuries, for embryologist to work out. But it is a fact that it does. Gene do indirectly control the manufacture of bodies and the influence is strictly one way: acquired charateristics are not inherited...Each new generation starts from scratch. A body is the genes' way of preserving the genes unaltered."    The greatest danger of this reductionist biology is that we end up denying and explaining away all that is good in organisms and human beings, such as altruism, love and compassion. That is all of a piece with the dominant social reality that glorifies competition and exploitation, of corporate capitalism that makes the rich ever richer and the poor ever poorer.   One has to appreciate that the assumptions of genetic determinism, in one form or another, have been the bread and butter of mainstream biology for at least 100 years, rather the way that Newtonian mechanics had been the foundations of physics in the pre-quantum physics era. Within 10 years of the Central Dogma, however, genetics was turned upside-down. All those assumptions, and more, were contradicted by research findings, from the then newly developed recombinant DNA (rDNA) technology. 
Not a single assumption you list for the "Central Dogma" are in fact assumptions of evolutionary biologists or geneticists..  it doesn't matter what they assume now, but the theory was based on these. Don't deny it.
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  No, as a matter of fact. Nowhere, outside of mythology and fantasy fiction, is anything that is truly dead ever 'restored' to life.    Here again we encounter 'truly dead', which in your circular reasoning is defined by our inability to rescusitate. Your assertion is a meaningless tautology   ** Now you are employing the same fallacious sophistries so beloved of ch.101 and his dittoheads. The statement you quote is a statement of fact, a truism, and like all facts, truisms, it is to at least to some degree, tautologous. But it is a statement of fact about a state, not a definition of it. Despite your sophistry and distortion. And since, contra your claim, I never defined 'death' as 'the state from which an organism can never be restored to life', as you pretend I do, there is no 'circular reasoning' involved. A 'statement of fact' is not 'a reasoning process', and it tics me off that you are now playing "logical fallacies I can use", just like ch.101 does incessantly.  In truth, I defined the difference between 'live' and 'dead' on the basis of empirically observed presence or absence of certain internal systemic activities which are found only within live systems, and nowhere else. Those biosystems which independently, internally, generate those activities, or generate them as a part of a natural complex of subsytems within an uber-system, are alive. Those things, (including some systems), which cannot do this, are not alive. They are either 'dead', or 'inanimate'.   Now if there is 'circular reasoning' in this definition, please show us all where it lies.  [quote]  Quote: What else is there to say? A physical biosytem is dead once it, taken as a whole, it cannot access Vitality. A single cell is dead when it can no longer do this, a multi-celled organism is dead when none of its cells can do this.    Interesting. So I remain technically alive until 100% of the cells upon which I depend for my life are dead?  ** Again you make another ch.101 sophist move. Look up, and read again. The words, 'taken as a whole', establish the parameters of what is said to be alive or dead. Are 'you' limited to the parameters which delineate any given part of you? IOW, are you equal to any given part of you, or even simply equal to the sum of all parts of you? No.  So no. even if your skin cells, for example, are kept alive in labs, and continue with artifial assistance, to live and reproduce, then unless you see 'you' as your skin cells, then no, 'you' are not alive, even though a part of you is. Neither are 'you' still alive if your heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, and whatnot, are still alive and living in someone else for whom you have been an organ donor. Some mechanists will claim that if you 'donate' your brain to a brain-dead recipient, then it is 'you' who go on living and the recipient whose body your brain now resides within, is dead. I doubt that very, very much, but until some latter-day frankenstein gives it a shot, we won't know.   Quote: If you want to sub-divide multi-celled, multi-organed organisms, a heart is dead when all of its cells are dead, but the heart owner may not be dead even when his heart is, because he got a new heart to replace it. What is so hard to understand about that?    None of that is hard to understand.  ** Good. So no more of this, "So I remain technically alive until 100% of the cells upon which I depend for my life are dead?" stuff, then.   Quote: Yes, the individual bits are still 'doing their thing' at the molecular level, but their relative arrangement and/or the interactions between them have been disrupted, so the result of them 'doing their thing' is no longer the same. Disassemble a mechanical watch and all its pieces will continue to behave according to their physical nature - but that new configuration will not tell the time.  ** My point exactly. Again. And Paley's too, for what it's worth.    No, WW, my point exactly, to the detriment of your attempt to make yours. I really wish you would stop pretending that this in any way supports your inference of vitalism.  ** And I really wish that you'd stop claiming that that which supports my point does not, or that it supports your point, when it does not, with absolutely no support for your assertions, either empirical or logical. But I know that my desires will not affect your behaviour, so I simply have to decide just how much vacuous gainsaying I'll put up with from you.   Once again, if you could point me to a biosystem in perfect physical working order that was nevertheless dead,  ** A contradiction in terms. Where in the world did you aquire the preposterous misunderstanding that I thought it possible to be "a biosystem in perfect physical working order" and be at the same time, "dead"?!?!?    or a broken/incomplete biosystem that was nevertheless alive,  ** A deer with a broken leg is not dead--yet. Plenty of biosystems are "broken/incomplete" but "nevertheless alive". I'd 'point you' at wheelchair athletes and quadrapalegics, or Helen Keller, and on and on, if you can't see them for yourself.   you would have a case for inferring an additional force at work, something to account for the discrepancy. Since you cannot, you cannot be sure there is a gap for vitality to fill.  ** What, "discrepancy"?!? I simply cannot link up anything you are saying here with anything I've ever said anywhere.  Break time.
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  Now you are employing the same fallacious sophistries so beloved of ch.101 and his dittoheads. The statement you quote is a statement of fact, a truism, and like all facts, truisms, it is to at least to some degree, tautologous. But it is a statement of fact about a state, not a definition of it.    I'll remind you of this next time you describe 'natural selection' as "tautologous and therefore meaningless" After all, NS (or differential reproductive rates) is a statement of fact; a truism.   ** Please do! I make a statement of fact describing a state, [life/living], but not defining it. You make a statement about your supposed causal mechanism for the process of biological evolution [Natural Selection]. Both are statements of 'fact', 'truisms' , 'trivial, meaningless tautologies'. My statement loses nothing, since it never claims to do more than state a fact. Your "NS", and your darwinism, lose everything, since "NS" is no better. Despite it being elevated by the faithful to some kind of scientific insight, a sacred principle of causation.   Quote: In truth, I defined the difference between 'live' and 'dead' on the basis of empirically observed presence or absence of certain internal systemic activities which are found only within live systems, and nowhere else.  <snip< Now if there is 'circular reasoning' in this definition, please show us all where it lies.    Hmm. Ok, the tang of circularity here is not in the definition as such, it is in the way you phrase that definition. If you were to simply say:  "The presence or absence of certain internal systemic activities defines whether a thing is alive or dead."  that would be fine. What's been causing problems, at least as far as this discussion with me is concerned, is that you have a habit of bolting on the redundant "which are found only within live systems and nowhere else", the wording of which suggests that you have divided the world into living and non-living based on some other unspecified criteria, and then observed (found) that only live systems exhibit these activities. Provided you're willing to accept the condensed definition above, I think we can proceed on a common platform of understanding.  ** I'm not sure what your problem is, or what you are trying to get at?!? When trying to discriminate A from B, the rational approach has always been to narrow the focus to those traits and properties which differentiate the two, not to seek after their similarities. Therefore the way to distinguish that which is alive from that which is dead can only be by finding those traits/properties/characteristics which are always evidenced by the living, but never by the non-living.   So, yes, I am saying that I believe that living organisms do display internal behaviours that are not found in non-living entities. I do not say that all activities found in live organisms are not found elsewhere, but only that some of these activities are not to be found elsewhere. Further to that, I say that when evidence of these activities disappear from an organism, it matters not what other activities persist, at that point that organism has passed, abruptly, from the live state to the non-living state. From life to death.  Now, not being a biologist, I cannot tell you what, specifically, the activities found in live organisms that are not found in non-living entities actually are. But I am sure that any biologist could do so quickly and easily. Calm down; that wasn't where I was going with this, and where I was heading has been rendered moot by your 'physical key' explanation.    According to the hypothesis I am defending, matter in certain configurations will, as a result of the operation of physical forces, exhibit behaviour that we would both label as 'living'. You, on the other hand, assert that matter in certain configurations equally mechanically 'unlocks' a psychical force which in turn motivates that matter to behave in a fashion we label as 'living'.   ** No, there is a very telling difference between what you think I'm saying and what I really am saying. You are a materialist, and as such, you are totally convinced that all reality starts at the substrate, 'matter', and works outward from there. This leads you to automatically reverse certain statement made by non-materialists such as myself which are totally contrary to that 'world-view'. I know this but often forget, leading me to leave myself open to misinterpretation unless I 'lock down' every word and expression I use.  For instance, in this case, the materialist view is 'matter-based', and is as you say, the ontological postulate that "matter in certain configurations will, as a result of the operation of physical forces, exhibit behaviour that we would both label as 'living'". You start with 'matter', and then you imply that 'matter' need only, 'somehow', without point, purpose, guidance or instruction, just 'happen' to fall into certain 'configurations', at which point the so-configured matter 'acts alive', thanks soley to the manner in which it now finds itself, 'configured'. In fact, once matter finds itself in a certain configuration, no matter the reason why, then, mechanically, it MUST 'act alive'.  Which leads you to believe that when I said that when matter is configured in such a certain way, for the same reasons, or lack thereof, "equally mechanically" 'unlocks', meaning, 'generates', a psychical force [which I label , "Vitality"]. You are now saying that I, like you and other darwinists, believe that matter is the source of all forces, even supposed psychical forces called Vitality. But I don't. I remind you that in my Dynamist philosophy the fundamental substrate of all reality is that ultimate 'force' from which all other forces emanate, and that matter is simply the end product of the four physical forces. And that those activities seen in material systems that we call 'living', are the end product of the psychical force, Vitality. That means that the 'configurations' that allow Vitality to operate in the physical universe, as live bioforms, did not 'just happen', but were generated by Vitality, and life is when the configuration is able to 'access' the Vitality that shaped it originally, and then, by 'feedback', enable further 'configurations', that is, lifeforms that more fully access Vitality.  The key words in your confusion are that you took my word, 'access' [The ability to approach, enter into, communicate with, or make use of], to mean, 'generate'[To bring into being; to give rise to; To produce as a result of a chemical or physical process.].   In sum, my position is that Vitality is what caused the first configurations of material bits through which it was partially able to 'act' in the universe, and that evolution is an ongoing process whereby live organisms redesign themselves using Vitality, in its various psychical aspects, [intelligence, volition, etc.], so that Vitality can more fully express itself through live organisms. It is the Vitality that rules-the 'configured matter' is only its artefact, but the artefact, the 'configuration', the 'form', the 'design', of that matter is the product of Vitality, and is not something that 'just happens, that's all'.    My point with the square and round stone, and the functional/disassembled pocket watch, is to illustrate that rearrangement of matter alone, without invoking a psychical force, can and does evoke vastly different behaviour from the same matter operating according to the same physical forces.  ** "Rearrangement" is such an easy word to say. I suggest that 'rearranging' a rock so that it is square takes a lot of talent, sweat, and willpower. You never find square rocks sitting on grassy nolls. Indeed, you never find perfectly round and roly-poly rocks there, either, and for the same reason. Nature [meaning the four physical forces], has never, unaided by Vitality, produced a square or round rock suitable to your illustration, and never will. Nor will the four physical forces ever, unaided, invent a watch, build its pieces, and arrange them such a way that they enable someone [who has the schooling] to tell the time of day with some degree of accuracy. So until you can come up with something that does not beg the question of the necessity/involvement of Vitality [in the generation and 'rearrangement' productive form] in your effort to deny the necessity/existence of Vitality, you are just spinning your wheels.    Break time.
 A bit later in the thread, WW suggested,  Quote: All systems of measurement are arbitrary constructs developed from an arbitrarily established, but universally agreed upon, basic unit. The obvious basic unit of Vitality is the basic unit of life--the live cell, and its Level of Autopoietic System Productivity. Or LASP. That is, the most basic, primitive level of cellular autopoiesis, i.e., the simple ability to process energy and information in order to maintain and reproduce itself as its own self, as 1 LASP. And another cell of greater complexity and productivity as [has?] 2 or more 'LASP's, depending upon its level of complexity and productivity as discovered , through its behaviours, in the range, variety, of the self-generated, dynamic,, non-mechanical, non-random, complex and productive behaviours it generates for itself. And then on, as we do with inches to feet, feet to yards, and so on, to organised collectives of cells, as per eusocial bacteria, slime moulds, yeasts, etc., plants at various levels, and other eukaryotic systems at various dynamic levels of organismic complexity and productivity, as determined from the range and variety and numbers of their various behavioural responses, as contrasted with the mechanical, strictly chemical, passive reactions found in inanimate matter, including the inanimate matter manipulated by the biosystem, whole organism, itself.  I think that if we can perceive any 'difference in degree' in any phenomenon, then we can gradate [measure] it. That includes psychical phenomena like intelligence and emotion, for which such measures have already been devised. If you find my suggested measuring system for the expressed level of Vitality in any given organism, feel free to criticize, since my suggestion is just 'off the cuff', and I'm sure others could do much better, if they had the will to do so. For myself, I am more interested in identifying what power enables autopoietic behaviour, than in measuring it quantitatively. Quantitative measurement is strictly for the 4 physical forces, for physics and chemistry. For Vitality and its psychical phenomena, you need to leave materialist/mechanist quantitative measurement behind, and use a qualitative 'system of measurement'.    So, according to the final discussion, vitality is a force, and there should be a basic unit of vitality, so it should be measurable.  *I* Whoa. Again, as with all forces, any measurement of Vitality cannot be direct, but via an arbitrary standard universally adopted for measuring its effects on observable entities. At one time, without any understanding of space or mass, we devised ways [a king's thumb length, the number of carob seeds needed to tilt a balance] to measure them in practical terms. Measuring quantities, via the invention of numbers, arithmetic, and criteria as above, is relatively easy, since quantitative measurements are easy to 'grasp', pun intended.  Not so for qualitative measurements, which measure, or try to at least simplify reductively, changes in states. The primitive beginnings of our understanding of states began with solid, liquid, and gas--that is, states of material substance. These provided an early cross-over to more abstract states, such as thermal energy. We simply devised the concept of temperature, and after noticing certain constants in nature that corresponded to heat, i.e., the point at which water freezes, and the point at which it boils [at sea level], we were able to devise a graduated scale that 'quantified' temperature as the amount of expansion and contraction along a length of mercury in a thermometer. And from that, better but basically similar measuring devices and criteria have arisen.   Much the same sort of thing has been done with electro-magnetic phenomena, and to a lesser degree, the nuclear forces. But with purely psychical phenomena, such as the intelligence in a thought, or the pain in an unrequited love, or the will power in a pair of battling bull moose, or the creativity and forethought involved in nest-building or hive-making, we are still at the most primitive beginnings in our understanding of Vitality, simply because we do not, and cannot, immediately apprehend, 'grasp', such things the way we can when we drop a rock on our foot, put a finger in a candle flame, or into a wall socket. For one thing, we have to use intelligence and imagination in order to work out a methodology for quantizing intelligence and imagination, which not the same thing as using intelligence and imagination on stuff that has no intrinsic,, or is not, intelligence, imagination, or any other aspect of Vitality.  But the outcomes of certain activities,[ lick a frozen pipe, decide to invade Iraq], be they physical or psychical, are equally perceptible, empirical, amenable to scientific study, and so it only requires a bit more intelligence and imagination on our part to devise a method of, if not measuring/quantizing the abstract/non-physical/psychical force, Vitality, in the same way we do the four mechanical forces. That is, of at least rendering it's effects more scalable [see IQ scales] and predictable, and thus understandable. It just won't be as easy as it was to determine how many potatoes made a peck.    Mike initially claimed that vitality, being non-corporeal, does not increase or decrease according to the number of cells interacting with it, "no more than gravity increases in quantitative correspondence to the number of apples on the tree". However, since gravitl attraction does in fact increase in correlation with the weight of apples on the apple tree (F = G m1 m2 / d^2)   ** Neil, allow me to clarify before you go on. I said that "Gravity", per se, does not increase nor decrease depending upon the number of massy particles it interaxcts with. Now, as a materialist who believes that massy particles are the source, the sub-strate, the 'that which generates' "Gravity" in the first place, you naturally interpret the fact that the amount of gravitational attraction found in one point in space, i.e., an apple tree or a 'black hole', is dependent upon the quantity of massy particles contained within its 'space', that this somehow contradicts my contention that the amount of "Gravity" found within the boundaries of 'all space', i,e, the universe, is never magnified, increased, or diminished, but remains constant in all but distribution.   In my cosmology, the four mechanical forces are constant in degree, and pre-exist the 'matter' they generate. A force, such as gravity, can exist independently of mass-bearing particles [which are generated, initially, by the nuclear, sub-atomic forces], but gravity is the force that moves mass-bearing particles ['mass' is an aspect of 'inertia', but no time to go into that here],and a particle that has 'mass' can be transferred from one defined point to another, concentrating it here while decreasing it there. But the force, per se, never gets greater or lesser, overall. See the law of 'Conservation of Energy', thermodynamics, and so forth.    and since he clearly just said that one cell could have one LASP whereas a bigger cell could have 2 or more LASPs, thus the initial objection reflects an unfortunate confusion on the part of mturner, and does not otherwise represent a problem.  ** Well, to start, I'll remind people that my proposed theoretical unit of 'measurement' for Vitality is founded upon systemic 'productivity', which is founded upon 'efficiency', meaning 'more bang for the buck', meaning less energy input wasted/misdirected in the systematic process of teleological achievement of a desired/intended outcome. I called it, "Level of Autopoietic System Productivity", or "LASP". I would think that such 'efficiency', as an aspect of 'productivity', would be measurable not only in terms of physical energy inputs,say, 'calories', but in terms of the amount of _time_ required to achieve a goal, and the degree to which the achievement is _specific_ and _satisfactory_ to the each and all of particular requirements of the particular case.  In biosystems, i.e., organisms, the intended outcomes/goals are, fundamentally, basically,-- a/survival of identity, either individual or group/collective identity, b/ individual or group prosperity and 'well-being', which is an aspect of 'survival', and usually, c/ re-production, which is also an aspect of 'identity survival', individually or collectively understood.    Now, above, neil says that I said that in all such cases, wrt autopoietic cells, 'bigger is better'. I would say that I said the exact opposite applied, in most cases. I certainly never said that in order to contain two 'units of LASP', a cell would have to be physically larger than a cell that contained only one, although it might happen that a larger cell did so, in some particular case. Here is what I actually did say, which, you will notice, has nothing to tod with the physical property of extension, i.e., 'size', that neil has twisted it to mean with his use of the word "bigger"--  "That is, the most basic, primitive level of cellular autopoiesis, i.e., the simple ability to process energy and information in order to maintain and reproduce itself as its own self, as 1 LASP. And another cell of greater complexity and productivity [has] 2 or more 'LASP's, depending upon its level of complexity and productivity as discovered , through its behaviours, in the range, variety, of the self-generated, dynamic,, non-mechanical, non-random, complex and productive behaviours it generates for itself. " [emph.added]   I do have one question for clarification at this point: most forces can be 'used up' in doing some kind of work or being transformed into some other phenomenon, but gravity (in the general relativity sense of being a phenomenon of curved space time) is different.  ** As above, I would suggest to you that in reality no force can be 'used up', but only dissipated instead of concentrated at some point in space/time.    If the earth suddenly had a second moon, identical to the present one in mass and distance but opposite in its orbit, the earth would simultaneously pull on each moon with exactly the same 'force of gravity' that it currently pulls on the present moon alone. (Each moon would add to the overall gravitational field, but the earth's pull would not be 'half this way and half the other'.)   ** Yes, it would, since it would express the same amount of mass in its massy particles, via gravitational attraction, in all directions, distributed equally, whether there was one moon, two, or no moons at all. A pond is just as aqueous if there is one duck, none, or a thousand of them floating on it. The only way to alter the intrinic gravitational attraction of the earth would be to add or subtract massy particles from it. The gravitational field that is the earth's alone does not increase with the addition of one or more moons and their fields, but their combined gravitational field is obviously greater than that of any one of them alone. There is no difficulty here.   So does vitality get used up like an electrical current, or is it like gravity, or something else?  ** As I've said, none of these forces get 'used up', like the gas in a tank. They can be dissipated or concentrated. Concentrating the force of Vitality is part of being a productive, efficient, goal-achieving autopoietic system. Systems that are built out of material particles are subject to entropy, so systems that are efficient and concentrate a force to achieve a certain end can become become inefficient and dissipate and waste that force until that end is no longer achievable. In organisms we call that, 'death'. The life force, Vitality, is still 'out there', but the physical part of the system can no longer be used to the achievement of those ends. Just as a broken engine won't power a car, no matter how much gas is still in the tank. [Sloppy analogy, I know, but I'm just trying to make a simple comparison, so let's not belabour it, OK?]   So, you avoided rather than answered the original question of how to measure vitality.  ** I most certainly did not!!   You assume/define it to be the amount that vitalizes a cell, but that is an assumption without an independent verification.  ** I never said word one about any "amount" of Vitality. That's just you, as a materialist, automatically concretizing the abstract, just as you did earlier with your "bigger cell". What I have always really said is that an LASP is a unit for measuring the productive efficiency of any organism in achieving the expression of Vitality in a material universe, starting at 0 for dead organisms, going to basic units that achieve the basic identity goals of survival, well-being, and reproduction in either an individual or collective sense, and more aspects of viality as the efficiency of the biosystem is developed, in evolutionary fashion, so that the most complex variations of these systems, such as ourselves, can express aspects of Vitality that are beyond the physical capacities of others, and more than are required for the simple basic life goals, per se. (Another simple-minded comparison, but think Ferrari versus roller-skates with an eye to getting from A to B. ;)   What sort of instrument should we use to measure the vitality field?  ** Specifically, we don't yet know. Generally, something that demonstrates the efficiency involved in the time and energy required by an organic system to achieve a certain specified goal, along with a measurement of the number and variety of possible specified goals achievable by such a system over a broader spectrum of cases.    We use gravimeters, magnetometers, and voltmeters to measure those fields, so what should we do here? If, perchance, you can't come up with a vitalometer to measure vitality, then you are merely be assuming its existence and indulging in a tautology. How can you tell that it really exists?  So you are saying that up until the invention of "gravimeters, magnetometers, and voltmeters", people who spoke of gravity and electromagnetism were "merely be assuming [their] existence and indulging in a tautology."?!?    More tomorrow.  ** Okey-doke.
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  Please do! I make a statement of fact describing a state, [life/living], but not defining it. You make a statement about your supposed causal mechanism for the process of biological evolution [Natural Selection]. Both are statements of 'fact', 'truisms' , 'trivial, meaningless tautologies'.    My word, I never thought I'd get you to say that.  ** You never "got" me to say that. I've been saying that Natural Selection is nothing more than a meaningless, trivial, truism for many. many years. I can't believe that this is the first time you've heard me say it. Of course, you ascribe explanatory powers to the fact that organisms that survive long enough to leave offspring, leave more offspring than those that don't survive that long, but I do not. And that is the sum total of any truth involved in your "RMNS", because it is the only fact that applies universally within your entire, "theory".   Quote: I'm not sure what your problem is, or what you are trying to get at?!? When trying to discriminate A from B, the rational approach has always been to narrow the focus to those traits and properties which differentiate the two, not to seek after their similarities. Therefore the way to distinguish that which is alive from that which is dead can only be by finding those traits/properties/characteristics which are always evidenced by the living, but never by the non-living.    No, sorry, WW, but you're doing it again. One minute you're talking about defining life in terms of internal activities, the next you're talking about those activities being the ones you find are always evidenced by the living but never by the non-living.  ** Duh, yeah, of course I am. What's your point? If I was trying to differentiate a circle from a square, I would do so by determining the geometric properties that define a circle as being those geometric properties that are found in circles, but in no other geometric figures; including squares, rectangles, octagons or what have you. What's your problem with that?!?!   If you're looking to see what living things have in common with each other but not with the non-living, then you must already have partitioned the two groups somehow.  ** Yeah, and Euclid would not have differentiated between a circle and triangle if something hadn't clued him in to the fact that they were, somehow, quite different from one another, before he starting working out what those properties were. I wonder what led him to his suspicions of difference?!? Duh.  The fact of life and of being aware is that, without being taught, we live organisms can discriminate one thing from another using only our senses of perception. No need to analyse it, until pressed by a skeptic. Even kittens can tell a live bird from a dead bird, and so "partition" the set of "all birds" into two sub-sets, "live birds/dead birds". Without any thought a child knows a wooden block from a ball, and "partitions" his/her world accordingly. Every person on earth who is not a materialist/mechanist/darwinist knows that organisms come in at least two kinds--live and dead. And further to that, that, with chicken or eels for example, its really hard to eat the live ones. Your arguments are turning as bizarre and silly as ch's usually are. So of course I had "partitioned" organisms into 'live or dead'. Did it 60-odd years ago. How come you haven't yet managed to do what every 8-wk. old kitten can do? How come you object that I can, have, and repeatedly continue to do so?!?  If you were not a materialist/darwinist, I wouldn't have to analyse the quality of being alive in order to demonstrate to you that those things that the world says are 'alive', have properties that everything else does not. It would as self-evident to you as it is to every non-darwinian on the planet.  But since you, to save your materialisdm/mechanism/positivism, and therebye save your atheism, deny the self-evident fact that there is a real, qualitative difference between a live chicken and a dead one, especially in a hot frying pan, I am forced to labouriously lay everything out for you.   So here is my syllogism. a/All entities can be said to be either alive, or non-living. b/The difference between things said to be alive, and things said to be non-living, can be found in certain observable properties that pertain only in the case of things said to be alive. c/ Therefore, whether there is a real difference as opposed to artificial between that which is said to be alive, and all other things, depends upon the demonstration that traits, properties, states and powers exist that can _only_ and _always_ be found in those things that are called alive, but never in anything else.  I would start by saying that all live things are operating, productive, complex autopoietic systems.  Therefore, anything that is not a 'system' is eliminated, including basic particles.  Simple, non-productive systems need not apply. Complex, productive systems that are not autopoietic need not apply.  So now what remains is simply to determine, in their particulars, what properties all complex, productive autopoietic systems always possess that everything else does not, and make those the real, empirically observable criteria that analytically 'differentiate' the quick from the dead.   That's ok: nor could I, and it's not the point anyway. Just stick with "Living organisms exclusively exhibit certain internal processes." You cannot logically add the caveat "those processes being the ones we find living organisms to exclusively possess" because that renders the whole definition circular and meaningless.   ** No, it does not. It merely makes it redundant, because it says the same thing twice. You have these words in quotes, meaning that I actually mispoke myself this way. But so far as I can tell, this is what I actually said--  "In truth, I defined the difference between 'live' and 'dead' on the basis of empirically observed presence or absence of certain internal systemic activities which are found only within live systems, and nowhere else."  --and this bears no resemblance to what you "quote" me as saying. In my statement the only redundancy is is the tag, "and nowhere else", used legitimately for emphasis.    Quote: Which leads you to believe that when I said that when matter is configured in such a certain way, for the same reasons, or lack thereof, "equally mechanically" 'unlocks', meaning, 'generates', a psychical force [which I label , "Vitality"].    Er, what? WW, you described the notion of a physical 'key'.   ** I believe I did, but not, so far as I can discover, in this thread. I would be grateful is you would direct me to the exact post in this or another thread where I used the analogy of "a physical key to a psychical lock", so that I can see just exactly what I did say. The first mention of it in this thread that I can find is an allusion you make to it in your post #51.   You used that specific word - now you're bollocking me for saying it 'unlocks' something? Not only that, but you're saying I 'mean' generates? I mean 'UNLOCKS', as in ACCESSES.  ** First, it is not true that I am "bollocking" you for saying it that the physical parts that together configure the system act as a 'key', nor for saying that that that 'key' "unlocks something", implying that the material 'bits' that make up the key are what get the job done, while ignoring the fact that it is not the physical substance out of which a key is made so much as its abstract design, or 'cut', that determines whether or not it 'unlocks' anything. And diminishing the fact that design is abstract, not physical, and so a 'key' is not a purely 'mechanical' implement, like a hammer or crowbar. It is the 'information' in the 'cut' that relates to the lock design that does the locking and unlocking,--the physical substance of the key is just a medium for that psychical message.   I was, taking your words--- "According to the hypothesis I am defending, matter in certain configurations will, as a result of the operation of physical forces, exhibit behaviour that we would both label as 'living'.[/quote]  ** That is your position, yes, but I do not agree with it. I have never attributed 'design', 'configurations', or 'key cuts' to "the operation of physical forces", but only and always to the operation of psychical forces directing and controlling physical forces to the attainment of a teleologically sought after goals. And that includes the configurations that 'bits of stuff' take in live biosystems. So I object when you twist my words to say, as you do here-  " You, on the other hand, assert that matter in certain configurations equally mechanically 'unlocks' a psychical force which in turn motivates that matter to behave in a fashion we label as 'living'."  Because I made and make no such assertion of mechanical/physical causation, and your word, 'unlocks', in context, implies, 'unleashes', 'generates', [as, for example, in an atomic explosion], where my 'access' means 'to make available'[for use]. Now you say that 'to make available' is all you intended by your "unlocks", but it still doesn't look that way to me.   My first statement in this chain, post #35, is this-- "A physical biosytem is dead once it, taken as a whole, it cannot access Vitality."  If you mean 'accesses' as I do there, that is, 'to make available for use', then my only problem is your attribution of 'life traits' to the undirected, unintelligent, and unintentional physical/mechanical causation of random configurations of material substances, instead of to informed, intentional, and productive designs expressed in material substances making the actual cause of those traits, i.e., Vitality, available for that purpose.    Quote: You are now saying that I, like you and other darwinists, believe that matter is the source of all forces, even supposed psychical forces called Vitality.   ** More ch. style word-twisting. I actually said that you darwinists, who deny the very existence of Vitality, attribute all of the 4 physical forces you do admit of, to the generating power of 'matter'.    No, I'm not, WW. You're just projecting your strawman idea of what a 'darwinist' thinks onto me and filtering my words through it. I did not state, imply or insinuate anything of the sort. I simply summarised what you told me: that matter in certain configurations accesses the vital force, which is what motivates it to behave in the manner we call 'alive'.  ** Not true, as explained above. You made it plain that you thought that certain accidental 'configurations' of matter, in and of themselves, were wholly responsible for the unleashing of, generation of , a psychical force, Vitality, in the same sense that you believe that the 'matter' which makes up the planet Earth is what generates the gravity, a physical force, associated with it. Instead of the other way round, as I see it. Wherebye gravity, in part, generates the planet Earth, and Vitality generates the designs, using matter, which, as organisms, allow it to further express itself in the universe.    If you prefer, I'll go a step beyond your definition and remove any suggestion of a causal chain: that matter in certain configurations is suitable to be accessed by the vital force, which then motivates it to behave in the manner we call 'alive'.  ** But it is causation, "the causal chain", that is the entire point of this debate!! And the word is not, "motivates" when applied to particulate matter, which know nothing of motivation, but rather, "enables", or just plain, "causes".    Quote: That means that the 'configurations' that allow Vitality to operate in the physical universe, as live bioforms, did not 'just happen', but were generated by Vitality,    Then how did the first configuration that allowed Vitality to operate in the physical universe come to be?  ** I would say that Vitality operates upon particulate matter at all times, but only under certain circumstances, as per the robust anthropic principle, does it successfully enable systematized configurations of matter to access it and through them extend its self-expression.   Quote: In sum, my position is that Vitality is what caused the first configurations of material bits through which it was partially able to 'act' in the universe,    Logically impossible. How can vitality cause something that allows it to first act?   ** You are assuming that Vitality does not act until matter allows it to. Until matter 'unleashes' vitality. But Vitality pre-exists matter, just as the other forces do. And Vitality exists before lifeforms exist. The first lifeforms configured/designed or caused by vitality further enable its expression; they do not generate it, or originate its expression. They simply help increase and expand it. There is no logical 'catch-22' in this.   That's a pretty big logical hole, coming from someone who goes ballistic at the idea of differential reproductive rates 'causing' something (like a change in the distribution of genes in a population, for instance).  ** No hole here. And I have no idea where you dreamed up the notion that I ever denied, let alone, "went ballistic" the fact [no "notion" there] that "differential reproductive rates" result in (I'm not sure in what sense, "cause"), "a change in the distribution of genes in a population" [which is your 'definition' of evolution itself, g*d help us!]. That's another truism, a triviality, a tautologous statement of fact that remains utterly meaningless, and is no different from your "Natural Selection". Scientifically speaking, they're both worth a great big, "So what?!?".   I note that your accusations about me using 'unlocks' to mean 'generates' has served as a smokescreen to cover up the fact you didn't address the really important point, namely the inevitability of a given configuration of matter, should it arise, accessing vitality. Do you plan to comment?  ** Being a materialist/mechanist, and therefore a determinist, you would consider the question of "inevitability", of primary importance. I do not. But I would say that since the reson that the universe, its laws and forces and constants exist, is so that eventually Vitality, or the source of Vitality, can use it as a 'mirror' with which to come to realise itself, I'd say the odds were very good. But not inevitable, because determinism destroys freedom, which destroys creativity, which defeats the the entire purpose of the exercise.   Because as things stand, it would seem that your claim that 'restoring life' is impossible doesn't hold up; one would merely need to properly configure the matter in question and vitality would step in and do the rest.  ** You are assuming that the simple configurations that enabled the first organisms to express the facets of vitality that define 'life' were not necessary just as they were, and that we can do what vitality did, and that the complex configurations (developed over billions of generations of vitality-driven evolution) which exist today, would serve that purpose equally well. Sort of like trying to chop down a tree with a broken chainsaw. Vitality can no more 'jump-start' a dead organism than a jolt of electricity can put life back in a dead frog, or a dead cell. You further suppose that the particular physical environment that allowed vitality to shape those first systems is also unnecessary to the task of re-starting the creation of simple life forms today.  I submit that your assumptions are ill-founded.   Quote: Of course nature will never produce a mechanical pocket watch. I chose that for my analogy because it is unambiguously not fuelled by vitality, and yet performs activities that the same matter in a different configuration does not. The point was not to suggest that such a configuration could arise via an evolutionary path, merely to illustrate that complex behaviours do not automatically require us to reach for novel forces to explain them.[/quote]  ** But complex behaviours, like those of live organisms and pocket watches, do automatically require us to look beyond the 4 physical forces to explain them, because, quite frankly, the 4 physical forces cannot and do not explain them. That was Paley's point, and it still stands.    Imagine a caveman happening across such a watch. The jewelled mechanism inside would be incomprehensibly complex; the finely balanced ratios between the gears something he would not even think to notice or wonder about, let alone understand. Would he believe it to be of supernatural origin, even alive? I don't doubt it; cavemen have believed stranger things than that. Were it to break or wind down, could he repair it? Or would he perhaps believe its vital spirit had escaped and was gone for good? Could he take the parts of two broken watches and fashion a whole working one from them? No. Does his failure make it impossible to repair or rewind a watch, or combine the parts from two to create a working whole? No.   ** All of this is pure red-herring. It has no bearing on the issues involved here.    So here we are, faced with something orders of magnitude more complex still: biological mechanisms. Now the workings are so tiny and delicate, so fast moving, that we have great difficulty even observing them in a non-destructive fashion. Should we be like the caveman, and reach for the supernatural just because something dwarfs our understanding?  ** I'm sorry, but just where exactly do you see me "reach for the supernatural"? Your problem is that your metaphysic demands that you define anything that is not demonstrably physical and mechanical as "supernatural". That's your limited understanding of what is or is not 'natural' to this universe, and certainly no objective finding of fact. Just because a concept like Vitality dwarfs your materialist/mechanist understanding, that is no justification for labeling it, 'supernatural'.   Should the fact that our abilities to fix these mechanisms are fairly limited lead us to believe that the task is impossible, or that once again some vital spirit has departed?  ** Why not? Why shouldn't they. Even though I have been speaking of a natural force, and not some "departed spirit", as you would like to spin it, the present facts we have point in that direction, and until we have followed up the indications, scientifically, and shown them, empirically and/or logically, to be false and misleading, you have no right to slough them off as meaningless.   Quote: So until you can come up with something that does not beg the question of the necessity/involvement of Vitality [in the generation and 'rearrangement' productive form] in your effort to deny the necessity/existence of Vitality, you are just spinning your wheels.    The problem there is that I can't ever give you an example that won't beg that question in your mind, because you explicitly refuse to educate yourself sufficiently in the field of biochemistry to narrow the gap your vitality god is filling. So long as that remains the case, you will always be able to say "I don't understand how that could be possible without Vitality, therefore Vitality is required."  ** Oh, wow! You and chemmy went to the same sophistry school, alright!! I clearly show you the logical fallacy in your argument, and you try to "blame" my detection of the glaring fault in your thinking on my lack of training, i.e., , indoctrination, in your dogma and its many metaphysical assumptions!! Instead you resort to snide "vitality god" remarks. Hey, unless and until you can show, logically and/or empitically, that your assertion that the 4 physical forces, despite a ton of prima facie evidence to the contrary, are perfectly sufficient to the generation of live organisms, then it is you people who are talking irrationally, not me.   In truth, I believe your motives are very similar to those of creationists.  ** No matter what you "suspect", my motives in all this are to express my thoughts on life and my philosophical understanding of existence, prompted by the fact that dogmatic ideology, be it simplistic abrahamic, hindu, or other religious fundamentalism, or your own evangelistic atheism and its fearful denial of anything spiritual.   While they are disgusted by the idea that we share ancestry with the other apes, you are disgusted by the idea that we are not qualitatively different from other matter.   ** I am disgusted by the ideologically driven stupidity of that notion, just as I am disgusted by the ideologically driven stupidity of "The Rapture", or bringing freedom and justice to the wotld by invasion, occupation, and 'regime change'. Stupidity and ignorance arising out of false dogma, resulting in the destructive behaviours that are killing our world, do seem to put me off my feed. That much I admit. Materialism/mechanism/positivism, and its attendant darwinism, is one of those poisonous dogma, and so is religious fundamentalism. The difference being that nobody tries to promote the idea that religious fundamentalism is rational and 'scientific', the way you guys push the notion that your darwinism is real science founded in fact and the scientific method, or that your evangelistic atheism is merely 'secularism', when it is no more 'secular' than acting as a pope in matters of church doctrine.   And just as it does not appease creationists to observe how far we have elevated ourselves, so it does not appease you to be told 'Yes, we're just matter and physical forces - but aren't they amazing?'  ** You spin my scepticism re your materialist postulate that "'Yes, we're just matter and physical forces" as being 'unappeased' , but the true expression is, 'dissatisfied and unconvinced'.    Before we go any further, I really would like to see you retract the erroneous statement you made earlier:   Quote: One more question (two i realise). Has it been shown that genes control/decide behaviour?  ** Darwinist's are forced by their metaphysic and its inherent determinism, in this case 'genetic determinism' to assert that that is the case.    I quickly and clearly showed this to be false (even in a fully deterministic universe, genes are not the only input and therefore can only be one influential factor), but so far you have not retracted the statement or admitted your error. If you wouldn't mind...  ** My statement is still true and I have no reason to retract it. It makes no difference that other factors also affect behaviour, (even something so simple as a sudden downpour of rain), so long as it is a fact that darwinists still claim, [and they do. Google any science news and see all the , 'scientists find the gene for' articles, or read up on Behaviourism's grandchild, Evolutionary Psychology] that chemicals, genes, are what determine bioforms and their behaviours. In this very forum any suggestion that epigenetic mechanisms are also in play are always greeted by hoots of 'epigenetic mechanisms are determined by genes'. You guys need to get your stories straight.
  You're doing it again. You're just not seeing it because you're using words you already know the meaning of, independent of the definition you're proposing to create.  Look, if I say to you "I define a SPLING to be a geometric shape such that its perimeter has constant curvature", then you can go out and partition the world of geometric shapes into SPLINGS and non-SPLINGS. However, if I say to you, "I define a SPLING to be a shape such that it possesses all those geometric properties that are found in SPLINGs but in no other geometric shapes", what can you do with that? You have no preconception about what a 'spling' is; you can't recognise one, and more to the point I haven't defined it for you.  The only reason you think your equally circular (pun intended) and useless definition is ok is that you already have a preconception of what a 'circle' is, and what 'alive' is. Now do you see the problem?  ** Yes, I do. You keep on insisting on a hard and fast technical/mechanical definition of 'life', and I mistakenly used the word 'definition' to describe the method of discrimination that one would use in order to create a distinction between 'live' and 'not-living', since I understood from you that that was my task--to demonstrate that there really was a distinct difference/division/dividing line/separation point between 'life' and 'not-life'. That, after all, was the point at issue at the time. [You will recall that I pointed out that quantum mechanics had shown that there are no seemless and indivisible continuums, as per materialism, neither in time, space, or anything else, but that everything that is, is sub-divided into quantum bits, a progression of points, and not an unbroken line, and so a clean division arises anywhere between any two points.]  You seized on my use of the word 'definition' in this context, which was probably a poor choice on my part, since I was talking about _how to go about_ mechanically 'defining', i.e., establishing the parameters, that separate/divide/distinguish life from non-life, but not actually providing the mechano-chemical definition you are apparently asking for, since my long-standing definition of live organisms as autopoietic systems was apparently insufficient to satisfy your demands. I used the word 'definition' because I thought it applicable in context, but you have insisted that 'definition' does not mean 'definition' in the sense of general boundaries, but only in the sense of specified particulars, and you are right, if a technical mechanical definition is the only thing that qualifies as a definition. Instructions on how to establish such a definition are not that definition. But, since I am not a cellular biologist, I have no idea what internal operations, specifically, are found in a live cell or other lifeforms that distinguish them from the not-living parts of the universe, including non-autopoietic systems. I can only use general terms, like 'metabolism', and whatnot. If you want show that metabolic processes in live cells are exactly the same as what goes on in, say, a bowl of soup, you'll have to bring in the technical chemical details yourself. I say they are not the same, but not being a chemist or a biologist, I cannot give you the specific chemical details of how their internal activities differ from one another. And since you insist that nothing less will satisfy you, that without those details there is no 'definition', then I guess this particular issue has come to a dead end.  Since the rest of your post is just more beating this dead horse, laced with vituperation, I can't be bothered with it.  I suggest that we clarify just exactly what the issues we are debating are, because I am no longer sure I understand just what it is that you are trying to establish here. Then we could, if you wish, start afresh, without all this talking at cross-purposes.
Peeling: Then Archangel and Supersport's "god did it" is natural too,  ...and what if God really did do it? That would sorta make your science seem pretty useless, yes? You guys still have not come up with an example of a mutation that creates any beneficial modification to phenotype so I honestly don't know why you even defending this silly theory and proclaiming it as "science."
http://www.sdnhm.org/fieldguide/herps/crot-cat.html  where's the mutation? Your imagination?
**  Hi b;  Welcome aboard!! I'm really happy to see you again.  Watch out for "SLP", aka, Scott Page. He has a real hate on for you and me both, carried over from ARN. Most of the others are just nasty to anyone who threatens their darwinist atheism, as a matter of principle. Just like they all do at "The Swamp"(IIDB). I'd advise you ignore the truly nasty people, and those who, like chem99a, can get truly 'strange' at times. I've only found that peeling, n.wells[who you know] and liminus are able to keep up a rational, mature dialogue for more than a few posts, but you, as a kind, pleasant, and polite, (which I am not), elderly lady, may be able to 'get along with' more of them than I've been able to do.  Good luck,  ww/mturner
And they can still work- muscles can spontaneously contract due to residual electrical signals, and jellyfish will sting you if you touch them, whether or not they are alive.  So these bacteria were not truly dead?  ** If a Deinococcus radiodurans bacterium is truly 'dead', despite its very special morphology, and is as busted up and irreparably scattered as Humpty Dumpty, then who, or what, puts the pieces back into a systematized, working order? Those pieces are only 'bits of stuff', molecules, and empirical observation shows that there has never been a case of a self-directed, self-controlled, dynamic 'bit of stuff'. Which means that the bits did not re-assemble themselves back into a productive system, but apparently something else did. What was it? Vitality? Or was the system not really totally destroyed, but only partially damaged, with it special reconstitution/repair mechanisms, i.e., its _life_, still intact? The latter is quite plainly what is taking place here. A system is damaged, but with the use of 'backup' mechanisms, its connection to Vitality, its life, is impaired, but unbroken. You may restart certain functions, such as metabolism, and call that, 'resurrection', --but it ain't.
Welcome, Bertvan. :)
Just a quote for you to think about<b></b>:  -Miroslav Radman, Paris University  Note the term, "clinically dies." That term indicates that the bacteria are considered dead by the same standards that you keep talking about. That is, those obvious differences between living and dead things that obviously indicate a loss of vitality.  ** Where do you see _my standards_ in this?!? My _standard_ for 'life' is that a biosystem be productively autoipoietic. These bacteria fulfill the requirements of that criterion.  Just because someone says that something, or someone, is "clinically dead", does not mean that they are actually and truly dead. Usually it implies the opposite. And if you bother to inform yourself on the subject of this bacterium you'll see that, as an autopoietic biosystem, it never loses its productivity and its integrity, i.e., its identity. It does not 'die'.   Also, it's interesting to note that you call its proteins its _life_.  ** I never said any such thing. If you think I did, then quote me on it.
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ** Where do you see _my standards_ in this?!? My _standard_ for 'life' is that a biosystem be productively autoipoietic. These bacteria fulfill the requirements of that criterion.   I seem to remember you agreeing with the statement that there are some specific defining characteristics that separate living and non-living things. I had assumed that you would have agreed with what we consider those characteristics to be, but apparently I was wrong.  ** And just what do "you" consider those characteristics to be? Apparently you think that they are absent in this case.    More to the point: can you determine whether or not an organism is alive at any one point based on your criterion?  ** Of course.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  Just because someone says that something, or someone, is "clinically dead", does not mean that they are actually and truly dead. Usually it implies the opposite.   "Clinically dead" generally means that the organism in question does not have all of the characteristics required to be considered alive. You are probably thinking that it is used to mean that the organism will almost certainly die in the near future.  ** Instead of trying to guess what I mean, try simply accepting what I say as what I mean. What I said, and what 'clinical death' means-- [see wiki]-- is straightforward and plain. That which is called 'clinically dead' is not actually dead. That is why the qualifier/modifier, 'clinically', exists, for pete's sake. If you can't even figure that out that much for yourself, it's unlikely you've figured out much of anything else.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  And if you bother to inform yourself on the subject of this bacterium you'll see that, as an autopoietic biosystem, it never loses its productivity and its integrity, i.e., its identity. It does not 'die'.   Its productivity is halted by the lack of DNA (it is completely unable to make proteins or reproduce). Its integrity is not completely destroyed, but then cells don't have to be completely disbanded to be considered dead. In fact, almost every type of cell except these bacteria would meet your criterion for being "dead" under those circumstances.  ** Once again you make arrogant pronouncements based on your own ignorance. If the bacterial system had been rendered non-autopoietic and unproductive, there would nothing to talk about here. But it was not.  And that is my criterion for being 'dead', no matter what you, in your imperial wisdom, suppose my criterion to be.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ** I never said any such thing. If you think I did, then quote me on it.   Ok:  Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ...it special reconstitution/repair mechanisms, i.e., its _life_...   Just to clarify: its repair mechanisms are proteins.  ** Yeah, right. And automotive mechanisms are iron molecules. Duh! Here, for your information, is what the good English word, 'mechanism', realkly means, Mr. Humpty Dumpty--  "mech·a·nism (m&#277;k'&#601;-n&#301;z'&#601;m)  n.  A machine or mechanical appliance. The arrangement of connected parts in a machine. A system of parts that operate or interact like those of a machine: the mechanism of the solar system. An instrument or a process, physical or mental, by which something is done or comes into being: "The mechanism of oral learning is largely that of continuous repetition" (T.G.E. Powell). A habitual manner of acting to achieve an end. Biology. The involuntary and consistent response of an organism to a given stimulus. Psychology. A usually unconscious mental and emotional pattern that shapes behavior in a given situation or environment: a defense mechanism. The sequence of steps in a chemical reaction. Philosophy. The doctrine that all natural phenomena are explicable by material causes and mechanical principles. [New Latin m&#275;chanismus, from Late Latin m&#275;chanisma, from Greek m&#275;khan&#275;, machine. See mechanic.]" from answers.com  A "mechanism" is not "bits of stuff", like proteins or whatever; it is a process or other controlled acitivity that is done with or to these bits of stuff, as per the above definitions. If you are incapable of grasping even something so utterly simple and straightforward as the distinction between a mechanism involving proteins, and the actual proteins themselves, then you are beyond rational debate.    Quote: Originally Posted by bertvan  I would argue that single ants and bees do possess limited intelligence; they are capable of making limited choices. They just aren't [b]as smart[b] as a colony. A colony is able to make more complex decisions than individuals. This is the type of intelligence I see as driving Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis.   Swarm intelligence can be explained by the interaction of simple intelligences.  ** At least he admits the existence of intelligence in bees, bertvan, but he'll probabably claim that that 'intelligence' is simply 'the aggregation of various molecules that make up a bee'. Or something equally inane. __________________
**  More evidence--  http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2007-08/uomr-hts082207.php  "Along with the experimental work, the research team also analyzed Burmeistera in 18 field sites, and found that differences in flower morphology between co-occurring species were much greater than what would be expected by chance."  ###
The plants are showing yet another example of character displacement. Character displacement is a classic prediction from evolutionary theory. (Two organisms cannot share the same niche / have overlapping niches in the same living space for very long without one becoming locally extinct, or one or both evolving to become different so as to minimize the overlap.) As this outcome is completely in agreement with the theory of evolution, it cannot be used to claim support for EAM over standard biology.   ** More utter nonsense born of darwinist arrogance. The nonsense that claims that darwinism = evolution, and evolution = darwinism. As preposterous, presumptuous, and pompous a lie as ever there was.  "Character [organismic trait] displacement" is a proposition/theoretical principle, not a "prediction". Using the word "prediction" falsely, as in this case, is a standard darwinian semantic distortion [Humpty Dumpty semantics] meant to infuse their gormless notion with that which is required of science [predictability, regularity], -- something which their chance-based notion lacks entirely.  'Trait displacement', as above, is a principle of 'adaptation', i.e., 'adaptationist, organismic, dynamic, responsive teleological evolution', as per Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis, and has nothing whatsoever in common the darwinist notion--i.e., 'selectionist, particulate[molecular], passive, accidental, ateleological evolution'. But never say a darwinist won't steal whatever s/he needs to lend plausibility to his/her 'spontaneous generation' life model, because they steal [as neil does here] even faster than they lie, cheat, deny and obfuscate--anything to protect their notion of biological support for their true concern --evangelical atheism.    Natural selection is a process that leads to non-random results, so you shouldn't find any comfort in the phrase "greater than expected by chance".  ** Horse manure. No matter what magick you ascribe to your fanciful "NS",-- which really means nothing more than 'some survive and some don't[ i.e., are eliminated reproductively by "NS"], depending on a fortuitous conjunction of random environmental circumstance with random, accidental, fortuitous molecular inheritance', it is, in and of itself, an unvalidated supposition and nothing more. At most, "NS" means nothing more than "Bad Luck". A statement no more meaningful, in science, than the trivial tautological truism that 'evolution = the survival of the 'fittest', where, 'the fittest' = those that survive long enough to reproduce more offspring than those that do not'. Vacuous, inane, meaningless pseudo-science, however you try to define it.  In this particular instance, we have solid evidence that the trait development, displacement, was responsive, and not based upon random, accidental, genetic mutation. That is what the phrase, "greater than expected by chance", means. The very notion that the described morphological evolution, the trait displacement, is, in all its variance, a matter of chance reshuffling of genomes, is so silly as to be imbecilic.
Wells: Any net changes in the genome that can be attributed to luck are, by definition, genetic drift and not selection.  Interesting. So any net changes in the genome are either a result of luck or natural selection? What about lateral gene transfer (which is not a random process) or nonrandom mutations?
The word 'darwinist' is technically inappropriate (as is arrogance, etc.).  ** Ho hum. More denial and obfuscation. See-- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darwinism for the reality of the word. And a humble darwinist is an oxymoron.   Brown and Wilson, 1956, predicted that character displacement should occur by competitive exclusion whenever two closely similar competitors overlap, and the opposite effect (competitive release) should be seen where they don't overlap.  ** It is not a "prediction" when you simply describe what you have already observed. Or are you trying to convince us all that this idea simply popped into their heads one day, generated spontaneously by the magic of Natural Selection? After which epiphany they ran out into the bush to see if they were right? Hogwash.   I didn't say that you can't gin up an EAM explanation,  There is no 'ginning up' of observed facts and rational inferences derived from those facts. One fact being that probability places such a development way out of bounds for random chance and its darwinian selectionism.   just that this is not something that allows you to claim that EAM works and the ToE doesn't.  ** Haw!! The hell you say?!   Evolutiondoes not = survival of the fittest.   ** True. Evolution does not, but darwinism does. And I did say darwinism and its, "Natural Selection", which you have falsely changed to 'evolution'. Lies and misdirections, oh my!   Defining fitness as differential reproductive success is not inherently a tautology, and is not tautological as used in biology.  ** It is a tautology under any commonly accepted [dictionary] meaning of the word, 'tautologous'. That you darwinists exercise your usual 'special pleading' wrt your peculiar self-serving humpty dumpty semantics is simply to be scoffed at.   The word for modern research into the origin of life is abiogenesis, not spontaneous generation, and in any case neither of thise is under discussion here.   ** "Abiogenesis", as employed by darwinists, is one form that their regular appeal to 'spontaneous generation' takes whenever a case arises where there is no materialist/mechanist explanation for an observed phenomenon. See also, "random but adaptive genetic mutation', 'emergence', etc.   Your misunderstanding of natural selection is gigantic and pathetic.  ** Haw!! So says the pope of biology. The fact is, every time I throw your "NS" codswallop back in your face, you're the one who becomes pathetic in the eyes of thinking people. Your darwinist dittoheads do not qualify..    Sure, luck plays a role in who survives and who reproduces, but NS is explicitly the portion of reproduction that can be attributed to specific traits, after luck is factored out.  ** Nonsense. Utter horse manure. You cannot "factor out" luck when a/inheritance is based on lucky [or unlucky] chance genetic mutations. That alone makes anything and everything that ensues from that beginning, a matter of pure chance. But then you get b/, the notion that inheritance is made directional and mechanical and predictable by random chance events acting positively or negatively, as the case may be, on the fortunes of genetic inheritance!! The whole silly, stupid, pseudo-scientific just-so story is nothing but an appeal to luck, chance, random accident, coincidence, and every other non-scientific concept you can come up with. In the end, your darwinism is nothing but your superstition dressed up in a stolen lab coat.    Any net changes in the genome that can be attributed to luck are, by definition, genetic drift and not selection.  ** Patently false. See above.   Absolutely yes, the observed character displacement is a response, and I agree that it is not based entirely upon random, accidental, genetic mutation, but it is not a conscious, volitional adaptation.  ** At least you are starting to catch on. Now if you could only get past your anthropocentric interpretation of "conscious, volitional adaptation".   It is instead a simple failure to thrive by the individuals that are most similar to the other species.   ** Ridiculous!! You're back to your "NS" , "just-so story".   The variation exists (equivalent but offset variation can be seen in non-overlapping populations), and in regions of overlap, the organisms that are the most different from the mean of the two species have flourished the most, because they have less competition at the opposite ends of the spectrum of variation, compared to individuals that fall into the zone of overlap, who therefore are competing for food etc. not only with their conspecifics but with the other species as well.  ** True, and that's called adaptation, the principle of adaptationism, the responsive, dynamic, intrinsic organismic mechanism for evolution contained in EAM, but which is an evolutionary principle that forms no part of darwinian 'selectionism', and is in fact anti thetical to the darwinian notion that evolution is based upon random chance genetic variables coincidentally and fortuitously corresponding, when expressed, with random chance environmental factors,-- as I explained earlier.   Run the same dynamic for a bunch of generations, and the difference will become exaggerated. That is what the "greater than chance" differences reflect.  ** Haw! We all know what "greater than chance" means, and this is a really dumb attempt to rationalize it away.   Absolutely priceless wit and vocabulary, by the way. Almost smirk-worthy.  ** Nah, it's only looks good because I have no competition wrt wit and command of the English language on this board. Comes of not having undergone a modern american education in the language arts.
We should be able to test fairly easily whether adaptations seen during character displacement are due to natural selection or EAM-type volitional adaptation.   In EAM, the organisms perceive a problem and adjust to it. In selection theory, individuals cannot adjust themselves genetically, so whenever selection is dominant (whether or not the organisms perceive a problem and even if they modify their behavior or their physiology), they and their genes will primarily thrive or wane according to the genetic hand they were dealt at birth.   When two fairly simlar populations or species physically overlap, the principle of competition requires/predicts that the individuals / lineages that are closest in traits to the other population will experience additional competition and cannot survive together indefinitely. The problem will get resolved in one of three ways: 1) if the ecosystem doesn't permit two variant phenotypes to flourish, then one of the two populations will go extinct, or 2) (if the two species are very closely related) they may hybridize back to the original form, or 3) if two slightly different specialists can be supported, then they will evolve to be even more different.   So we could find some animals, say fish in lakes, that show recent competitive displacement, and we can test them. The two species should show the most differences in specimens from lakes where the two species live together, whereas less difference should be seen between the species when comparing specimens from various lakes where only one of the species lives. The different specializations should involve tradeoffs, and the trade-offs should be demonstrable in terms of differences in fitness.   ** EAM is, of course, in complete agreement with what you've said to this point. And btw, ichthyologists and wildlife biologists didn't wait to have darwinists discover that similar species are the most competitive and the most destructive of one another. This was first noted in the 19th century, in the atlantic provinces and states, when introduced european brown trout were found to be largely responsible for wiping out the native brook trout population.    Lo and behold, Dolph Schluter has done this, as described in a book and a series of articles. I'm going to discuss "Adaptive Radiation in Sticklebacks: Trade-Offs in Feeding Performance and Growth," in Ecology, 76(1: Jan. 1995):82-90.  ** As above, ol' Dolph should have caught up on his reading. It's old news. Over 100 years old.   He has two species of sticklebacks that are inferred to have separated very recently and which are overall quite similar. In lakes where they co-occur, one species has become a bit bigger, and has a larger mouth, a deeper body, and fewer shorter gill rakers than the other species, while the other one is the opposite. The bigger species specializes in benthic near-shore zones (feeding off the bottom and in and around vegetation), whereas the smaller one specializes in open-water offshore zones. In lakes where only one of the species exists, whichever species is present looks more like an average of the two species. These fish are more generalized and spend time in both habitats. So there is an exaggerated difference in zones of overlap.   ** So far, pure EAM.   He tested the fitness of the specializations and the trade-offs involved in specialization by transplanting stocks to the two habitats in new lakes. He used 36 exposures (18 in each habitat), and he repeated the experiment in a second year. In shallow inshore zones, the open-water species grew only half as fast as the littoral species. In offshore openwater habitats, the benthic nearshore species grew only half as fast as the offshore open-water species. So the individual fish did not adapt themselves (contrary to EAM's expectations), but thrived or failed according to their genes.  ** Nonsense. Two whole generations, you say? WOW!! And the species that found themselves in habitat that was not the one they were adapted to, grew only half as fast as the species that was in the habitat that it was adapted to? Gee, imagine that?! This example of yours is a weird bit cheese--it's full of holes, runny, and it smells, all at the same time. BTW, what happened to the fish once they finished growing/developing?   To test how the specialists did against "average individuals" he also bred some hybrids (the hybrids were viable and fully fertile) and tested them against the specialists in the enclosed habitats as well. In all the enclosures, the hybrids tended to do a bit worse than the specialist in its own habitat, but better than the specialist in the wrong habitat. (This result was a little less clear-cut than the comarisons of the specialists, however).   ** And this came as some kind of surprise to him and his fellow darwinists? Well, duh!!   So there you have it: success does not result from individuals adapting themselves, but simply from individuals flourishing or flailing, and therefore their lineages getting rewarded or culled, according to the characteristics that they bring to the table.   ** By your own measure, "fitness" defined as differential reproductive success, there is no evidence that in the two whole generations studied that overall, the misplaced species had negative differential reproduction compared to the well-placed species, even though anyone might expect that to be the case. At least, anyone who is an adaptationist, rather than a selectionist. OTH, if the maladapted species reproduced just as well as the adapted species, what's your point?   This should, in fact, surprise no one.  ** Hey, tell me about it!!   Life is fecund, quickly generating vastly more individuals than will ever get to survive and reproduce. Every species inevitably shows a lot of variability, sometimes huge amounts (think of the variations you can see in a huge crowd of people).  ** Yeah, and we all know that variation, "just happens, that's all", in the darwinist non-explanation. Again, what's your point?!?   Although a lot of individual success is simply a matter of luck, observation shows that very often one set of variations will give their owners an edge under certain conditions, as we see here with the sticklebacks, where slight differences can mean differences by a factor of two in their growth rates.  ** Do you have no inkling of just how inane, vapid and vacuous this stuff really is?!?
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ** And just what do "you" consider those characteristics to be? Apparently you think that they are absent in this case.   The seven standard characteristics of life: 1) Cells- all known life is made up of cells. (present) 2) Organization- each organism has a specific structure. (present) 3) Metabolism- all living organisms use energy. (absent)  ** Ridiculously wrong.Very much present. Nothing ever happens without an expenditure of energy. These bacteria repair themselves. So unless you are making one more darwinist appeal to the magick of 'spontaneous generation', 'creatio ab nihilo', you've made another dumb mistake.   4) Homeostasis- all living organisms must have control over their internal conditions. (absent)   ** More blatant stupidity. Obviously these bacteria have control of themselves or they wouldn't be able to reconstitute themselves so as to resume normal functioning!! This is getting ever more ridiculous! Do you really think something this complex can simply 'fall together', by accident and good luck?!?   5) Growth- all living organisms grow at some point in their lives, though this growth is nearly unmeasurable in bacteria. (absent but irrelevant) 6) Reproduction- all living organisms are able to reproduce. (absent)  ** Nonsense. Where do you get the ridiculous idea that being temporarily unable to reproduce means permanently unable to reproduce? Besides which, plenty of organisms, including human beings, are permanently unable to reproduce, but they aren't dead. "Reproduction" and "development"[what you call 'growth], are never required to be constant, unceasing, and regular, for an organism to be alive. Where do you get these silly notions of yours?    7) Response to stimuli- all living organisms will respond to some forms of environmental stimuli. (absent)  ** Once again you assume that temporary withdrawal of response to some external stimuli equate to total and permanent inability to respond to any external stimulus. The latter state is death, but it is not the state experienced by these bacteria, according to everything I've read about them.   Here's the important part: you claim that your definition of life can be used to make accurate and reliable distinctions between living and dead organisms. Tell me: Would any bacterium without the DNA repair mechanism be alive if its DNA was broken into pieces?  ** I would say that any live organism without a DNA repair mechanism would be disfunctional. Whether that dysfunction had any effect upon the life, per se, of the organism, or only upon its reproduction of itself [see above, reproduction not a necessary facet of individual lives], I do not know. Do you?   Can a person be dead if they still move their muscles, open their eyes, and even sit up?  ** Depends upon what you mean by the word, "they". Dead frogs' legs twitch when a current is applied, but it's not 'they', i.e., the frogs, that do the twitching. Corpses eyelids often retract in death. That's why pennies used to be put on them. Rigor mortis is not a life function, but a simple chemical reaction. Bloating thanks to internal rot can cause corpses to fart and even contract, but 'they', the corpses, aren't the cause of it. People who play macabre and sickening games can cause cadavers to 'do things', but it is not truly 'they', the cadavers, that 'do' it. However, if a person thought to be dead suddenly sits up in their death bed, opens their eyes, and hollers at those gathered at the wake, as per Tim Finnegan, there's a pretty good chance that he wasn't dead after all.  "Then Mickey Maloney raised his head When a noggin of whiskey flew at him, It missed, and falling on the bed The liquor scattered over Tim! Tim revives! See how he rises! Tim he rises from the dead, Says, "Whirl your whiskey around like blazes" "Thanum an Dhul[4], do you thunk I'm dead?"  [answers.com]   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  "mech·a·nism (m&#277;k'&#601;-n&#301;z'&#601;m)  n.  A machine or mechanical appliance. The arrangement of connected parts in a machine. A system of parts that operate or interact like those of a machine: the mechanism of the solar system. An instrument or a process, physical or mental, by which something is done or comes into being: "The mechanism of oral learning is largely that of continuous repetition" (T.G.E. Powell). A habitual manner of acting to achieve an end. Biology. The involuntary and consistent response of an organism to a given stimulus. Psychology. A usually unconscious mental and emotional pattern that shapes behavior in a given situation or environment: a defense mechanism. The sequence of steps in a chemical reaction. Philosophy. The doctrine that all natural phenomena are explicable by material causes and mechanical principles. [New Latin m&#275;chanismus, from Late Latin m&#275;chanisma, from Greek m&#275;khan&#275;, machine. See mechanic.]" from answers.com [ww] "A "mechanism" is not "bits of stuff", like proteins or whatever; it is a process or other controlled acitivity that is done with or to these bits of stuff, as per the above definitions. If you are incapable of grasping even something so utterly simple and straightforward as the distinction between a mechanism involving proteins, and the actual proteins themselves, then you are beyond rational debate."   That depends on which definition you use. Either of the first two definitions would apply to how I used the term,  ** Nonsense. "A machine or mechanical appliance" is not the same thing as the molecules that it is constructed out of, even if you are unable to grasp that simple principle. Nether is "the arrangement" of parts/molecules the molecules themselves. Apparently you have not developed to the intellectual stage where you can discern the difference between form and substance.   and it didn't seem like you had the biology definition in mind when you said, "...it special reconstitution/repair mechanisms." Alternatively, did you mean "...its special reconstitution/repair involuntary responses..."?  ** No.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ** At least he admits the existence of intelligence in bees, bertvan, but he'll probabably claim that that 'intelligence' is simply 'the aggregation of various molecules that make up a bee'. Or something equally inane.   Does that mean you concede the point about swarm intelligence?   ** What point? Did you make a point? Please elucidate.
"Pure EAM ......... Nonsense" would indeed be about right there.   ** Ho hum. More yada yada yada.   You missed a point in your haste there - in this particular experiment he was using growth rates, not reproductive rates.  ** Not only did I not miss this--I explicitly pointed it out to you. Do you never tire of telling lies, neil?   He showed in the paper how # of eggs correlates with the size of the female stickleback, so for female fish getting bigger quicker appears to correlate straightforwardly with having more young.   ** The 'hen size' to 'egg total' correlation applies to all species, but is only meaningful within a given species. A ten pound carp may lay more eggs than a 6 oz. fathead minnow, but that has nothing to do with comparitive, 'fitness', even by your silly definition of that term. And the same applies here, where again you are trying to make a false 'fitness' comparison between two separate species. Apples and oranges. You need to give your head a good shake, see if you can't get those marbles back in line.    Dolph was fine in his reading. His transplantation experiments were exceptionally good field experiments, using controlled transplants under as natural conditions as possible (real lakes, but fine-mesh-fenced off portions of them), with unusually large numbers of replicates for that sort of experiment.  ** Artificially separating the maladapted fish from the habitat they would simply have swum to, otherwise. How 'natural' is that? Be that as it may, in the end, all that his 'science' produced was the truism that organisms tend to do better in environments towhich they are suited than to environments to which they arent so well-suited. WOW!! That's almost as ingenious an intellectual insight as "survival of the fittest", aka, "natural selection". Well worth every penny of taxpayer's grant money spent on the experiment, I'm sure. Not.   Nothing is wrong with two generations - how many times do you want a stickleback to grow to adulthood, anyway?  ** The number of generations depends upon the hypothesis being tested. Apparently your boy asserted the hypothesis that one species would immediately evolve a different set of morphological traits and behaviours if evolution was the result of dynamicorganismic response to an altered environment. Since nobody has ever made such a claim, it's a strawman. Testing strawmen is not science.  Moreover, claiming that organisms did not alter their morphology because their genes did not alter in order to alter it, is a total non sequitur. Ludicrously illogical, and utterly presumptuous. And finally, as shown above, showing that growth rates are altered by environments is such a simplistic truism it deserves nothing but ridicule. Certainly trying tomake a connection between varying growth raes between two different species in an an artificial environment that suits the one but not the other, and trying to connect that to your 'principles' of 'fitness' and 'natural selection', is not just stupid, but blatantly dishonest.   Also, multiple years risks different weather patterns / food availability, so he's better off with many replicates in a small number of years than the reverse. He compared his results grouped and per year.  ** Sure he's 'better off', if he wants to make certain that he only gets the results he's been aiming for all along.   Variation was well documented by Darwin and others, but since then we understand it quite well, thank you.  ** "Variation" was "well-documented" by cavemen, painting on walls. Discrimination and identification are a part of every organism's repetoire of abilities. Darwin added nothing to our understanding of variation, except what he stole from lamarck and called 'pangenesis'. The only 'understanding' still required of variation, since the discovery of mendelian inheritance, is the mechanism that brings about the origin of novel variation, aka, the mechanism for evolution. "Natural Selection" had, and has, nothing to do with  origins. That's why Fisher et al had to dream up "random yet coincidentally adaptive genetic mutation", aka, the magick of spontaneous generation, aka, 'novel variation just happens, that's all'.   The inheritable portions of the variation turn out to be of great significance, as that can strongly influence success in life,  ** Nobody denies the good luck of some to be born gifted, and the bad luck of others to be born with limited abilities, or even disabilities. What's that kind of luck got to do with science?   and we have very good explanations of how it gets generated,   ** You darwinists have absolutely noscientific explanation for the mechanism that generates novel variations. All you have is the pseudo-scientific malarkey that supposes, without empirical evidence or any testing via the scientific method, that the negative impact of an entropic system failure in the organism's mechanism for preserving and conserving productive traits over generations, i.e., the genome, the genetic code, and other codes, has a coincidental, chance-based positive impact on an organism's ability to survive and reproduce in any environment that just happens to correspond to whatever 2was produced by the negative impact on the genome. A load of such irrational foolishness that it is much more a superstition than anything remotely akin to science.   and why variation seems to be inevitable.  ** Vartiation is only inevitable if you equate 'variation' with simple 'change'. Change is a fact of existence. But in biology 'variation' entails more than simple change--it requires productive change. Productive change is never inevitable, even though, thanks to entropy, destructive change is inevitable.  Darwinists pretend thatproductive change is inevitable simply because destructive change is inevitable. Such is the voodoo logic of the darwinian superstition.    The one thing it does not seem to do very much is appear on demand in precisely the form that is most needed.  ** That would be magical, but here in the real world, we seek mechanisms, not magic. There are no ex nihilo, ab nihilo, magical "poofs" in scientific evolutionary theory [EAM], unlike the ex nihilo, ab nihilo, magical genetic 'poofs' supposedly responsible for adaptive trait change in the darwinist superstition. See Luria and Delbruck, 1943.
 From WW:  Quote: You cannot "factor out" luck when a/inheritance is based on lucky [or unlucky] chance genetic mutations. That alone makes anything and everything that ensues from that beginning, a matter of pure chance.   So poker is entirely a matter of pure chance because everything begins with a random shuffle? What complete and utter twaddle!  ** More complete and utter twaddle from neil wells. This twaddle is the twaddle that poker, which involves intelligent choice making, while using only pre-established 'cards' and their values , holds any analogy with chance genetic mutations/novelties and any ensuing mechanical genetic determinism. The only way to resolve darwinism's random chance genetics into a real analogy with poker is to a/remove random genetic mutations and insert standard, established, inherited genetic qualities [ooops, there goes origins, aka 'evolution', as per darwinist RMNS!!], and b/ cast the post-shuffle poker play as intelligent organismic, developmentalm non-genetically determined choice. [oops, here comes EAM!!]   You cannot "factor out" luck in biology without factoring in intelligent volition, which darwinism cannot do, even though poker players can. Even if "NS" actually was mechanically deterministic, as darwinists foolishly claim, [against all empirical evidence to the effect that it is entirely chance-based], a determinist/mechanical "NS" expression of a random, chance-based set of initial conditions, "RM", would still necessarily result in a random outcome. Just as if poker players had to simply and immediately lay out the cards they had been dealt.  Why neil is arguing against this fact, when it has always been a basic tenet of darwinism that biological evolution is a directionless, undirected, purposeless, ateleological, "drunkard's walk"--in short, a totally random process leading to nowhere and nothing in particular, for no reason, is quite surprising, to say the least. Perhaps you've gone and forgotten all your basic darwinism, have you neil?    Quote: Quote: (From me) You missed a point in your haste there - in this particular experiment he was using growth rates, not reproductive rates.   (From you):  Not only did I not miss this--I explicitly pointed it out to you. Do you never tire of telling lies, neil?   No, you didn't. Back in post 135 you yammered briefly about reproduction because you missed what was going on in the study:  Quote: By your own measure, "fitness" defined as differential reproductive success, there is no evidence that in the two whole generations studied that overall, the misplaced species had negative differential reproduction compared to the well-placed species, even though anyone might expect that to be the case. At least, anyone who is an adaptationist, rather than a selectionist. OTH, if the maladapted species reproduced just as well as the adapted species, what's your point? [/quote]  ** Ah, the unceasing lies of neil wells!! First, although he measured growth rates instead of directly measuring reproductive rates, as per the 'fitness' upon which his darwinian premise depends, and which you subsequently tried and failed to defend by a false correlation to size involving two different species, you can, second, take a look at my post--and here's a quote-- " Nonsense. Two whole generations, you say? WOW!! [b]And the species that found themselves in habitat that was not the one they were adapted to, grew only half as fast as the species that was in the habitat that it was adapted to? Gee, imagine that?!['/b] This example of yours is a weird bit cheese--it's full of holes, runny, and it smells, all at the same time. BTW, what happened to the fish once they finished growing/developing?" [bold added]  Which pointed out the fact that he measured [in erroneous fashion], growth rates, not reproductive ['fitness'] rates, and so the whole stupid thing was a house of cards from top to bottom.   I merely said that he showed that in both species, larger females laid more eggs (nice linear correlation).  ** Yeah, and a fact probably first noted by the chinese when they started raising carp 3,000 years ago, but definitely noticed by fisheries management workers in the 19th century when they started using fish hatcheries to supplement wild stock populations of salmon and trout. In short, a fact that everybody that had an interest in fish reproduction was fully cognizant of, many, many years before this guy caught on to it. And a fact that has nothing to do, as I showed in my last post to this one, with supporting the premise that fish evolve via RMNS [randomly], and not via dynamic organismic response to the environment.   If I recall, that part of the study also showed the two species having exactly identical egg output pattern (they were sister species after all).   ** Your point? Size and production would still be dependent on species, and even at that, the very most that might be discerned from this feckless study is the age old trivial truism of 'natural selection', i.e., that species do better in an environment to which they are biologically adapted than any competitors can do in that same environment when they are not biologically adapted to it. For example, in a swimming race, people who are familiar with water and know how to swim, will probably eliminate competitors who were pushed into the pool, for the first time, before they even learned to float, let alone swim. That's the kind of obvious truism that darwinism lauds as scientific insight,as per this stupid 'experiment'. And to think somebody's good money was spent enabling him to play these reindeer games!!   But on to more interesting points: how does EAM let the plants know what their competition is doing?  ** Wow, I guess "the point" must be way out in left field, where this came from!! What a flaming non sequitur! Chemist is teaching you well, I see.  As for plants, now that we've apparently left fish, the fact is that plants do know what their 'competitors' are doing, as can be seen from their behaviour. I posted a link in a thread to that effect a while back.  Unlike darwinists, however, plants only recognise as 'competitors' those other plants that are in immediate, direct, proximate contact with the resources the plant is exploiting itself. A dandelion across the yard is not 'competing' with a buttercup on this side of the lawn, as per darwinism, for a bee to come and pollinate it. That's just silly.  As for the actual mechanisms by which plants receive information wrt their environments, including neighbouring plants, insects, minerals, water, sunlight and whatnot, that's probably available to you on the web, if you care to do a little research work.
From WW,  So if ability to swim was variable and under genetic control (and if swimming races were obligatory and started at the deep end), all the non-swimming strains would quickly be culled from the population, and lo and behold you'd have a population for whom swimming was instinctive and ubiquitous.  ** My point exactly. Your "NS" is, at best, nothing but an trivial truism parading itself as an intellectual insight. The obvious just putting on airs. The worst of it being that even the circumstances under which this truism would be the case are entirely assumed and theoretical,without empirical support, let alne scientific validation, in the real world. Anyone can come up with a notional truism,-- for instance, that all unicorns have a single horn poking out of their foreheads; but that ain't science, and darwinist "NS" is really no better than that, once you really take a look at it.   Not that it's relevant here, but it's too cool to pass by - most mammals except apes and possibly giraffes have the instinct for swimming. You can take a mole, a camel, an ostrich, a sloth, or a kangaroo, toss them in the water, and they'll immediately start swimming, whereas we have only a vestige of the instinct.  ** Instincts aren't really our forte. Instincts or analytical thought processes--pick one.
the big news here has nothing to do with dinosaurs and chickens: it's that proteins were found in dinosaur bones after supposedly 68 million years. And what's so funny about it is I'm sure none of these articles make mention of this being a huge controversy and how it gives ammunition to creationsits: they just play like dissent doesn't exist.   How does protein last 68 million years? Anyone who believes this is out of their mind.
You have been explained how soft tissue works at least 4 different times here.  While your tactic of make a point get destroyed on it, fade away and make the same point in a week might work on other boards we all know you're a giant liar and uses that dishonest method.   You've been informed about the issue yet you keep coming back with lies. Does Jesus smile when you lie in his Name? Does he grant you favors when you sully his religion with deceit?   You are one pathetic individual. Your inner misery regurgitates through the hate that spews out of your mouth.   What exactly did I "lie" about?  You have been explained how soft tissue works at least 4 different times here  I've also been explained how random mutations get selected, which supposedly leads to evolution. I don't buy that either. Instead of running your filthy little immature foul mouth, why don't you tell me how protein survives for 68 million years? And how do you KNOW this creature is that old? Alligators supposedly lived with dinosaurs and they are still around....how do you know these dinosaurs didn't die out a few thousand years ago? Science could clear that question up with a little carbon 14 test to rule out recent exsitence: if there's carbon in them bones you guys are screwed. Gee, I wonder why they don't run these tests. Corruption? Yes, that's it...corruption...oh, and dishonesty.   Chickens.
 So we now have the usual creationist evidence against all science, "I just can't believe..."  Kind of like those who "just can't believe" in God. It goes both ways.
Pandion...so does the K/T boundary extend to dinosaur bones that are found laying on top of the ground? How exactly does that work?  SS: I've also been explained how random mutations get selected, which supposedly leads to evolution. I don't buy that either.   Pandion: Of course you don't. Mostly, it is because you don't understand it. In the words of T.H. Huxley when it was explained to him, ""How extremely stupid not to have thought of that!"  Gould: "You don't get a new species by mutating the species."  The following are from Lynn Margulis book, "Acquiring Genomes."  The neodarwinists' inventive literature and valiant attempts to unite the genetic stability in the unblended mixture of Gregor Mendel's factors to the gradual evolutionary change promoted by Darwin's natural selection were as brilliant as they were incorrect. Pg. 201   About random mutations..."They are like printers' errors that crop up in the copying of books. They rarely clarifty or enhance meaning. Such small random changes are nearly always inconsequential or detrimental to the work as a whole. Pg 15  Although random mutations influenced the course of evolution, their influence was mainly by loss, alteration, and refinement. One mutation confers resistance to malaria but also makes happy blood cells into the deficient oxygen carries of sickle cell anemics. Another mutation converts a gorgeous newborn into a cystic fibrosis patient or a victim of early onset diabetes. One mutation causes a flighty red-eyed fruit fly to fail to take wing. Never, however, did that one mutation make a wing, a fruit, a woody stem, or a claw appear. Mutations, in summary, tend to induce sickness, death, or deficiencies. No evidence in the vast leterature of heredity change shows unambiguous evidence that random mutation itself, even with geographical isolation of populations, leads to speciation. Acquiring Genomes Pg.29  Speciation, whether in the remote Galapagos, in the laboratory cages of the drosophilosophers, or in the crowded sediments of the paleontologists, still has never been directly traced. Pg 32   The major difference between our view and the standard neodarwinist doctrine today concerns the importance of random mutation in evolution. We believe random mutation is wildly overemphasized as a source of hereditary variation....Many ways to induce mutation are known but none lead to new organisms. Mutation accumulation does not lead to new species or even to new organs or new tissues. Pg. 15  So I would like to know.....how can you evolutionists possibly hang on to this silly theory? Is it just because you have this burning desire to follow and believe in a monstous non-scientific, non-intellectual fallacy? Why must you delude yourselves? Why must you let the scientific fiction writers influence how you think??
Bingo. Old fossils can be corrupted (contaminated, to be precise) by contacting anything from human skin to pollen in the air. This would add a relatively large amount of carbon to the fossil and would indicate that the fossil is recent. It's not hard to imagine this happening in the hands of inexperienced scientists... *cough* Creationists *cough*  that's true of neanderthal mtDNA tests too....and every other test. Why limit that reality to dinosaurs?
[QUOTE=obvious_child;259789]   That soft tissue proves creationism and refutes evolution as well as a old earth which is in no way does.  Where exactly did I say that soft tissue proves creationism? What I said is that soft tissue/proteins found in dinosaur bones falsifies the notion that dinosaurs are 68 million years old. You have yet to show me how this happens. Your link from TO answers nothing.  [QUOTE=obvious_child;259789]  Well that does make sense given that one would not expect you to understand environmental pressures on mutations if you can't even understand erosion.  What I don't understand is how rock can be eroded off of dinosaur bones when otherwise it takes all kinds of special instruments and probably chemical washes to get them off. Ultimately it wouldn't matter to you where a dinosaur carcass was found; if it is laying on top of the ground, the ground merely eroded. You have constructed an "I win you lose" situation for yourself. Meanwhile, all logic goes against dinosaurs being old:  1) numerous depictions of dinosaurs in artwork and oral histories (American Indian)  2) carbon 14 tests show their bones contained considerable carbon in them and dated them at just over 13,000 years old  3) proteins and soft tissue found embedded in bones  4) science chickens out carbon dating dinsaurs to rule out recent existence  5) Dinosaur bones found on the surface of the ground  6) unfossilized dinosaur bones found in Alaska  7) Other megafauna were known to live 10,000 years ago (or less)...animals such as super-large beavers, cats, alligators, elephants, dragon flies, bears and people. It only makes sense that these megafauna lived at the same time as dinosaurs (large lizards).  The only "evidence" you people have is your own made-up version of reality -- none of it is scientifically based: they date the surrounding rock by what types of bones are found in it, then they'll turn right around and date the bones by the surrounding rock........at any time science may pick and choose which one of these scenarios will give them the desired dates.  And would someone please answer me: alligators lived at the time of the dinosaurs...so how does science know that other dinosaurs might not have lived until recent times? The only true way to find out is to look at those bones and determine if there's any carbon in them ---- but Big Science would never do such a thing...it might destroy their worldview.
Pandion I'm not going through your whole reply because there is really no point. You are only going to see what you want to see. You are obviously not interested in an honest debate, as proven here:  SS: 6) unfossilized dinosaur bones found in Alaska   Pandion: Sorry. Didn't happen. Creationists have been claiming this for years and not once have they been able to produce any such bones.  I've got the book, "The Great Alaskan Dinosaur Adventure" and these guys absolutely did find unfossilized dinosaur bones. You can read of their adventure here:  http://www.christiananswers.net/dinosaurs/alaska/trip-jul11.html  another link:  http://www.creationontheweb.com/content/view/1887
It is gratifying how often you admit defeat rather than respond to my posts. At least you seem to be coming to the realization that your efforts to respond without knowledge are pointless. What I see is that you speak without learning the basics. I see that you accept fraud and hoaxes without question, and yet you reject reality. Sure I am. First I would have to find an honest creationist who actually knew enough to debate. No. They told you that they did and you believed them. As I said, you sucker for every creationist fraud and hoax that comes along. Just because I have "The Lord of the Rings" doesn't mean that it is true. Where are those bones? Funny that the only information is on creationist sites and a book published by creationists. Why haven't any experts been asked to examine these bones - you know, like paleontologists, anatomists, etc. I guess the creationists are afraid to submit them to examination by real scientists. Here's the only comment outside of creationist sourcess that I could find.  "I am a theistic evolutionist and have been studying the creation/evolution controversy for about 10 years. The "unfossilized dinosaur bones" argument comes from a group of creationists led by Buddy Davis, a dinosaur sculptor, to Alaska in 1998. I have discovered several problems with the claim, as evidenced by these creationists own admissions in their book. They admit that they dug through several layers of muds, permafrost, coal, and shale to get all of their dinosaur bones out. They also admit that the "unfossilized" dinosaur bones were found in the top layers. If this is true, then they did not find dinosaur bones at all; rather, what they seem to have are either frozen mastodon or mammoth bones. These creationists also admit that they found no dinosaur bones in the coal layer. They also admit that they found completely fossilized dinosaur bones in the underlying shale. This, I discovered, is only because this layer is the well-known Liscomb (Cretaceous) dinosaur bone bed. They did manage to find a near-perfectly preserved hadrosaurine dinosaur lower jaw bone with a full battery of teeth. Just to show how incompetent they were, they also admit that they were fooled into thinking they had a "unfossilized" dinosaur bone which actually turned out to be a piece of driftwood. It seems fishy to me that they also say that they are analyzing these bones themselves. Funny that world-renowned hadrosaur expert John Horner was not consulted to verify the "unfossilzedness" of these bones."  Yet another fraud that you fell for. I like the part about how they were fooled by a piece of drift wood. Not a qualification in the whole bunch, and they are going to "study" the bones themselves rather than publishing in legitimate science journals and allowing qualified scientists to study them.  What's the word you used? Oh, yeah. Chickens.   First of all this was a small group of men and they had no large equipment. They were in Alaska and the only tools they had for excavation were those that they could carry. The dinosaur bones that were found were absolutely lying on the surface. (do you deny that many dinosaur bones are surface finds?) I have read nothing anywhere about how what they found was not actually unfossilized dinosaur bones. Can you show me a link verifying this? Your defense seems to me that they have lied about their discoveries, or at the very least, allowing a lie to continue. Please back up your assertions.  http://creationwiki.org/Unfossilized_dinosaur_bones
First of all this was a small group of men and they had no large equipment. They were in Alaska and the only tools they had for excavation were those that they could carry. The dinosaur bones that were found were absolutely lying on the surface. (do you deny that many dinosaur bones are surface finds?) I have read nothing anywhere about how what they found was not actually unfossilized dinosaur bones. Can you show me a link verifying this? Your defense seems to me that they have lied about their discoveries, or at the very least, allowing a lie to continue. Please back up your assertions.  http://creationwiki.org/Unfossilized_dinosaur_bones  Don't feel bad SS, I posted a link of LIVING FOSSILS, animals that have been declared extinct by evos and yet found alive and well in the present. But all these people know to do is mock and belittle that which they can't intelligently refute. So don't feel bad.  Hi all, new to the forum and just had to say how hilarious this thread is, despite making my brain hurt.  BTW I too have found some unfossilized dino bones in my back yard and will be studying them in my mother's basement with my 8 year old niece. She's pretty confident that my findings will blow your whole 'evolution theory' completely out of the water. So there you go.  I also have a few rocks that prevent bear attacks available for purchase if anyone is interested.  Is this my beelzebub from another less interesting site ? Are you stalking me bub ? Let me know if your the same demonic adversary I've dealt with in the past. And if you are, welcome, it's a good forum. If we could just get rid of some of the radical lefists and gay crusaders we'd be perfect. OOPS, duck, or your gonna catch my shrapnel. :)
Ah yes, the "trilobites are still with us" post. In any case, this does not invalidiate evolution, or anything. Just proves you dont know what evolution is.  Uhhhh, but the important thing is, I know what evolution ISN'T, and that is more than I can say for you Mucusaur. emoticon_xangel
If you are trying to disprove something, you must know what it is you are trying to disprove, otherwise you would be susceptible to straw men, and other errors.  And how would you know what my understanding of evolution is, if you yourself claim no understanding of it either?   I'd still like more info on this trilobite. I could make my name as a paleontologist by finding that.   I know everything i need to know about evo Mucusaur. So knowing what it isn't doesn't mean I don't also know what it is. Because I do and have told you about a hundred times now. It's a bloody fraud and false science based on a preconceived outcome with Darwins book as the blueprint/bible upon which to fabricate their junk science. It's a fairy tale that children want to believe because of the modern day romance with Dinosaurs, but how sad that allegedly intelligent adults are duped by the same fairy tales. It's sad really.
If I understand the question, I'm sure it has to do with the difference between evidence and proof. Evidence is a human measurement or evaluation of the "real world" or 'truth". It is an interpretation or existence.  Sufficient evidence becomes proof, or acceptable proof. If I may play the devil's advocate for Dr Wise, I suppose he would say he does not find the evidence to be convincing. He has evidence to the contrary, which he does find convincing.  What you are really wondering (if I may presume to read your mind), is why he does not find the supporting evidence to be convincing. On any issue where there are two sides, there is evidence for each side, and the observer will decide what evidence is more acceptable or stronger. There are those who believe the moon landing was a hoax. They readily admit that there is supporting evidence that it actually happened, but they disregard this evidence as unconvincing. They have evidence of their own, which they find convincing. We might make the argument that an "impartial observer would say...", but if it is truth that I seek, I do not rely on "impartial observers". In the end I rely on my own resources. It is sometimes assumed that impartial observers will be "more objective", and therefore closer to the truth than subjective observers.  We do not live our daily lives like this.  If I want to know what is wrong with my car, I do not want an impartial car mechanic. I want a mechanic who is familiar my make and model of car. I want one who is partial to my situation. He has a subjective opinion about what is wrong with my car, and I will want to know it is, if I want to fix my car.  Each of us decides what is acceptable evidence, and we base our view of reality on this. Supporting evidence to the contrary, is just not convincing.
So it's not evidence vs evidence, it's evidence vs religious belief.  Well, you're just begging the question of what is evidence. You are saying religious belief (others might say religious knowledge) is not evidence. If it is scientific, it is evidence. If it is not scientific, it is not evidence. Have I got it right? Nope. What I'm asking is what is the difference between Kurt Wise, who freely admits he believes scripture despite mounting evidence that evolution is true rather then creationists to create lies to support their religious beliefs. Okay, let me try. One sees a conflict, one does not. Dr Wise sees a conflict between creationism and science, and you agree with him. He has chosen one side, and you have chosen the other. Other creationists do not see a conflict, and they seek to reconcile apparent differences.  They are doing this because they are willing to accept much of science, but do not put it above their interpretations of the sacred texts. For some of us, scientific evidence is above sacred texts, and sacred texts must conform to scientific evidence.  Others will say we lie about the truth in the bible, to support our mistaken views of science. When it says "a day" we lie and say that may mean a million years.  You are constructing an artificial dichotomy between science and religion.  Certainly they are at odds with each other at times, but they are not separate or independent from each other.
BeHereNow: Well, you're just begging the question of what is evidence. You are saying religious belief (others might say religious knowledge) is not evidence. If it is scientific, it is evidence. If it is not scientific, it is not evidence. Have I got it right?  Obvious child: If you use the proper definition of faith yes. Faith is a belief in something with no evidence. Well, I certainly never used the word faith, but since you brought it up, what do you put your faith in? What is it you believe in with no evidence? Could it be science? What is your evidence that science is true, except more science?  Scientific evidence which supports science is circular reasoning. It is no different than using the bible to support the bible. The bible is evidence for creationism, if you accept the bible as literally true. And there are many reasons (mostly non-scientific) to accept the bible as true.  Every belief system is supported by pillars of belief, ultimately based on faith. Some of these belief systems have pillars that are short, and solid, and other systems are supported by pillars that are tall and spindly.  Each of us intuits one or more pillars to be true, and our belief system follows. You have intuited science to be true, and the resulting belief system finds the bible to be based on faith.  Others have intuited the bible to be true, and the resulting belief system finds science to be based on faith.  I intuit that you each have it half right, combining faith and evidence to arrive at your belief system.
Here is my pillar:  A special transmission outside the scriptures; Depending not on words and letters; Pointing directly to the human mind; Seeing into one's nature, one becomes a Buddha.
Accepting the scientific method as an infallible or unquestionable method of attaining knowledge or understanding is based on faith. You have no evidence to support your position except more science. Science supports itself, no surprise. Shown me the evidence (independent of science, no circular reasoning), that the scientific method is the only method of arriving at truth, or even that in competition with other systems the scientific method will always win.  We have no disagrement that concerning many things, the scientific method has proven itself to be indispensible to learning certain truths. But you and I have similar belief systems, and place little value on sacred texts. We have accepted certain evidence on faith, and decided sacred texts are unreliable.   However I see that some cosmic truths are not discernable by the scientific method. Can the scientific method prove there is not an absolute set of moral laws at work within the universe? Can the scientific method prove there is not a persistence of personal identity after death? Can the scietific method prove an unfertilised ovum does or does not have a soul? Can the scientific method prove satient beings have souls?  No, science is based on testing. And religion is based divine revelation. If my pillar says there is a god, and he has revealed the truth, then clearly my divine revelation trumps your testing. Testing comes from men, men who makes mistakes. Divine revelation comes from god, who does not make mistakes. You make predictions, and you test. If the results are wrong, the hypothesis si thrown out.  To claim science is based on 'belief' is trying to ignore things that can be proven false, like a lot of religious beliefs. I trust your position does not rest on the presumption that science has never presented as true, an idea that later turned out to be false. If you want to make that claim, have at it, I will respond.  In other words, in science too, many beliefs have been shown to be false. Whereas religions for the most part are static, and unchanging, science is dynamic and ever changing. A strength of science is that when "evidence" is provided to show a previous belief/truth is in error, the error is corrected (by most scientists).  Those scientific "truths", that later turned out to be false, were accepted on the evidence you value so highly. The testing that you believe will lead to irrefutable answers. This testing and evidence lead to false conclusions. If something is accepted, based on testing and evidence, and later shown to be false, what can we say about that acceptance?  Was that acceptance based on truth? Certainly not.  I would say that acceptance was based on a belief. A false belief.  Over the years many scientists have held false beliefs, based on the scientific method. They did not believe these false things based on faith, for they had evidence. BUT, they had faith the evidence was complete or true, and their faith was misguided.  Their faith in the scientific method lead them to false beliefs.
Accepting the scientific method as an infallible or unquestionable method of attaining knowledge or understanding is based on faith. You have no evidence to support your position except more science. Science supports itself, no surprise. Shown me the evidence (independent of science, no circular reasoning), that the scientific method is the only method of arriving at truth, or even that in competition with other systems the scientific method will always win.  We have no disagrement that concerning many things, the scientific method has proven itself to be indispensible to learning certain truths. But you and I have similar belief systems, and place little value on sacred texts. We have accepted certain evidence on faith, and decided sacred texts are unreliable.   However I see that some cosmic truths are not discernable by the scientific method. Can the scientific method prove there is not an absolute set of moral laws at work within the universe? Can the scientific method prove there is not a persistence of personal identity after death? Can the scietific method prove an unfertilised ovum does or does not have a soul? Can the scientific method prove satient beings have souls?   And religion is based divine revelation. If my pillar says there is a god, and he has revealed the truth, then clearly my divine revelation trumps your testing. Testing comes from men, men who makes mistakes. Divine revelation comes from god, who does not make mistakes.  I trust your position does not rest on the presumption that science has never presented as true, an idea that later turned out to be false. If you want to make that claim, have at it, I will respond.  In other words, in science too, many beliefs have been shown to be false. Whereas religions for the most part are static, and unchanging, science is dynamic and ever changing. A strength of science is that when "evidence" is provided to show a previous belief/truth is in error, the error is corrected (by most scientists).  Those scientific "truths", that later turned out to be false, were accepted on the evidence you value so highly. The testing that you believe will lead to irrefutable answers. This testing and evidence lead to false conclusions. If something is accepted, based on testing and evidence, and later shown to be false, what can we say about that acceptance?  Was that acceptance based on truth? Certainly not.  I would say that acceptance was based on a belief. A false belief.  Over the years many scientists have held false beliefs, based on the scientific method. They did not believe these false things based on faith, for they had evidence. BUT, they had faith the evidence was complete or true, and their faith was misguided.  Their faith in the scientific method lead them to false beliefs.  What impresses me about your thesis is that you recognize those who defend science as an objective and reliable search for the absolute truth without any type of personal stake in the outcome of the evidence through observation and testing is as flawed as they accuse those of following religion of being.  They seem to conveniently forget the personal stake scientists have in receiving financial grants, getting their work published, getting the recognition of the scientific community for their work. Getting Tenure from their School for the research they have done, and simply making more money. These pressures are great motivators for one to falsify the results of tests, research and experiments for a science that they sincerely believe is valid anyway.  The number of purposeful hoaxes discovered to exist in Evolution science for example can be tracked back to one of the above reasons in every case. Greed and the need for personal recognition being the most obvious. So when those who place their faith in science call people who believe in God superstitious geldings who follow a myth to supplant some deep seeded need to belong to, or to be forgiven for some unspoken personal shortcoming or guilt. Should instead investigate what deep seeded need they have to trust a study that is so flawed that before one can trust it they must first investigate the motives and honesty of those doing the experiments whose results they so readily place their faith in.  I cannot prove my relationship with the Living God is real and coherent but neither can an unbeliever prove it isn't. And I maintain that it took original faith for me to reach out to Jesus Christ, but since meeting Him personally and possessing His Holy Spirit within me, It takes no faith at all to maintain this relationship as He literally dwells within me moment by moment and day by day. We are one in the spirit and our relationship is supernatural according to definitions used by the Natural Man who has no such experiential evidence of what a believer has received by grace from the Creator of us all.  BTW, excellent arguments and welcome to the forum.
pandion No. Religion is based on a belief (without evidence) in divine revelation.Of course there is evidence, just not evidence you accept. Great! Then take up your own challenge and prove your claims.  Prove there is an absolute set of moral laws at work within the universe.I have intuited that there are absolute moral values. That is acceptable proof to me. It would not surprise me if by "prove", you mean offer scientific proof, and no other. Intuited truths are not arrived at by the scientific method. Prove there is a persistence of personal identity after death.I have intuited there is no persistence of personal identity after death. Prove whether an unfertilised ovum does or does not have a soul.I have intuited that it does not. Prove "satient" beings have souls (right after you explain what a "sentient" being is.)Make that "sentient" beings. I have intuited that what is commonly referred to as a soul does not exist. There is this other thing, which might loosely be called a soul, in the broadest possible meaning, and I have intuited that all sentient beings have such a non-soul thing.  By the way, who ever made any such claims about science, since none of that is actually a legitimate field of scientific inquirey.Yes, a good point. I was reading into the posts by trebor. The post certainly says to me that that sacred texts and other non-scientific presentations are not reliable, regardless of the subject matter.  You are making my point that science has a limited field of expertise. How broad that fiied is will vary with the individual.   Nope. Every scientist who knows what he is doing is perfectly aware that science reaches tentative answers. It is always subject to further testing and revision if new evidence is found. The only thing that is believed is that we have the best explanation that we can devise based on what we know.  But even faith is adjusted (eventually) when it becomes clear that only a fool would continue to hold certain religious beliefs. Thus, few biblical literalists still hold that the earth is flat, or that it has four corners, or that it is fixed and unmoving while the universe revolve around it. On the other hand, faith even invents new beliefs out of whole cloth, like the rapture."Tenative answers", is certainly not a euphemism for "Truth". Does science claim to yield 'truth", or merely tentative answers? The goal is truth, the outcome may vary.  I put my trust in faith for the pillars of my belief system and no more. I have faith in the scientific method, and the ability of an individual to intuit the truth. Beyond that, I require evidence.
obvious child How is it relevant what I put my faith in?Well, you say something arrived at by faith is not evidence. If you arrived at trusting implicitly in the scientific method by faith (as I contend), then clearly your findings by the scientific method are not evidence. Wasn't it obvious?  obvious child Science is true because science can be accountable. The modern world is a result of practical application of science. The net product from science is what validates science. I have a ziplock plastic container sitting on my desk with a cookie in it. Science was the reason why some research discovered polymers that allowed the creation of such a product. As I said, your only evidence that science is true is more science. From some perspectives, science has done as much harm as good. If this is true, your evidence is useless. I say the goal of individuals (or society) should be right action towards others. Electricity, antibiotics, polymers, nuclear energy, a man on the moon, none of these improves the actions of persons towards others. When it comes the "really important" issues, science is useless.  BeHereNow Scientific evidence which supports science is circular reasoning.   obvious childI fail to see how something that can be directly traced back and tested for existence is circular logic in proving its validity.It is used to validate itself. That is circular. When you say "traced back and tested for existence", you of course mean tested by scientific means. If we test it based on some other standard, it fails. Science says evolution is true. If we test it with the orthodox interpretation of virtually any religious text, it fails. Science is true, only if you believe science. Evolution is true, if you believe in evolution.   BeHereNowIt is no different than using the bible to support the bible. obvious child How do you come to that conclusion? The Bible cannot be tested. Furthermore the bible itself does not produce any tangible effects.Of course it can be tested. You just don't like the tests, because they are not scientific.  It seem obvious to me that Christians test the bible with prayer.  They also test it by reasoning. It is possible to follow the rules of logic and arrive at a false conclusion. They start their reasoning process with the assumption that the bible is true. They know the bible is true because they have prayed about it.     obvious child Except that it contradicts the world. The Bible story of Genesis has no evidence whatsoever. There you go again making that ridicules statement that there is no evidence, when you really mean there is no scientific evidence. The entire bible supports the Genesis story. Not a thing in the bible refutes the Genesis story. And did I mention prayer? More than one Christian has told me they prayed about evolution and the answer was "believe Genesis".  obvious child Furthermore much of Genesis doesn't even make any sense. A literal view of Genesis requires a belief that God is deliberately trying to trick mankind. Well, it may require you to believe that (undoubtedly related to this obsessive faith you have in science). I can assure you that millions of Christians will disagree with you. The biblical god is not about trick or treat. I myself (a Zen-Deist-Jeffersonian-Christian) do not find that a literal reading of Genesis requires a belief that god is trying to trick mankind. Certainly that spin can be applied, but it is not required. That's rather contrary to the belief that God is perfect. IMO, YEC is heretical as it cast the Christian God with traits of Satan.  BeHereNow Each of us intuits one or more pillars to be true, and our belief system follows. You have intuited science to be true, and the resulting belief system finds the bible to be based on faith.  obvious child Huh? Christians accept their belief system on faith. Both them and I see their belief systems as not proof based but faith based. Not to mention that you're not suppose to test God which would be a act of removing faith.   The proof is in the bible. Once the bible is accepted on faith, it provides all of the proof that is needed. It is true that religion is labeled as "faith based", and science is not. This is because religion has may pillars that are tall and spindly. It is heavily reliant on faith. On the other hand, scientific belief systems have few pillars and they are short and solid. They are only loosely reliant on faith, at the very beginning. All belief systems are based on faith. Some admit it, some do not.  Does the supernatural exist? Science can not test the supernatural. Science can only test the natural. A reasonable person with a scientific belief system would say "I do not know if the supernatural exists or not, because science can not examine it." An unreasonable person with the same belief system will say "I do not believe in the supernatural because it cannot be shown to be true by scientific methods."   That same reasonable person, when confronted with witnesses that have experienced the supernatural, will conclude the supernatural does exist, because their own belief system can not address the issue, and others have antidotal evidence that there are supernatural occurrences.  I myself have intuited that there are no supernatural occurrences, only natural occurrences not properly understood.
. 2) Every action has a (prior) cause, (with the exception of the Big Bang due to the nature of SpaceTime).   ** Nonsense. There are no exceptions, spontaneous generation is false, and 'ex nihilo, nihil fit' applies universally to all of existence. Therefore anything that has a beginning, has a cause.
ripskar BHN: I am a scientist, (Zoologist) analysing your assertion that science is founded on faith the first aspects of such would be as follows; 1) I exist; I think, therefore I am. For practical purposes, what I sence has to be considered real; If you don't trust your own eyes, you don't trust anything. 2) Cause and Effect; For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Every action has a (prior) cause, (with the exception of the Big Bang due to the nature of SpaceTime).  3) Repitition of experience; In a strictly mechanical sence, given sufficiently similar starting conditions you should get the same result. (The exception being life; "Under the most rigourously controlled conditions of light food and water, the test animal will do as it damn well pleases.") You say "the first aspects", which implies there are additional aspects for saying the scientific method relies on faith. If that is your intention, I would agree. As one, I would say it is a matter of faith that everything can be explained by "natural" means. By that I mean that humans, who are part of the natural world, have full capability to examine, test, and acquire all knowledge of all things. Included in this would be the assumption that if there are souls, ghosts, spirits, demons, these things can be verified by the scientific method.   ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  Well obvious child, it seem you have problems following a discussion, and you make me spoon feed you.  BHN If you arrived at trusting implicitly in the scientific method by faith (as I contend), then clearly your findings by the scientific method are not evidence. Wasn't it obvious?   obvious child Except I have not done so. My trust in the scientific method is not faith, but actual practice. Observe, Hypothesize, Design a experiment, carry out the experiment, do it again, and reject, revise or accept the hypothesize. I have no faith in the method. I have a understanding that it works by practice.  We can agree that it works, to a limited extent. You imply that it works universally, which is a leap of faith.  What is your evidence that it works universally? What is your evidence that if there are demons, the scientific method can verify them? What is your evidence that if there is a god, he did not create the world with deposits that appear to be 4 million years old? What is your evidence that the miraculous creations of god (something out of nothing) never occurred?  BHN As I said, your only evidence that science is true is more science. obvious child Science is empirically testable, Faith is not.  Your lack of understanding amazes me. You exactly prove my point, but you think you have offered a rebuttal. "Empirical testing" is science.  You use science to verify science.  You verify science by empirical testing.  How can I possible make this any clearer to you. If you operate in the closed system of empirical testing, of course only empirically testable hypothesis' can be shown true. Instantaneous creation of the universe is not empirically testable, therefore, according to your mad hatter logic, it is not possible.  You have faith that only empirically testable occurrences can happen.  If it is not faith, it is circular reasoning, which is fallacious reasoning.  BHN From some perspectives, science has done as much harm as good. [obvious child][/b] How is that relevant? (More spoon feeding). You say "Science is true because science can be accountable. The modern world is a result of practical application of science. The net product from science is what validates science."  You assume the net product from science is beneficial. You then imply that IF this is true, THEN science is validated.   What if your assumption is not true?  Well anyone with a smattering of logic would realize that in that case science is NOT validated. If those people who say that modern science has turned people away from god are correct, and further, that more people will be condemned to eternal damnation because of science, then certainly it is relevant whether your assumption is true. If these things are true, science is NOT valided. I hope that makes your own comments clearer to you.  obvious child Because? How is good or harm even relevant? This is on existence, evidence and testing, not on the net benefit. (and) Again, relevance? (and) How is this related to the subject? Please see above.  BHN If we test it with the orthodox interpretation of virtually any religious text, it fails. obvious child Pray tell how do we test with religion? Ask God to see if it matches? Compare it to a religious text? Who's interpretation do we use?Well you have a little understanding of the situation. Yes, those who favor religious world views over scientific world views will refer to their god and their religious texts.  There are common threads throughout most religious texts and oral traditions, all of which have to do with a supreme being creating the world (universe) by a non-natural means. Virtually none of them support evolution.   It is common knowledge to most of us that Christians pray to god for answers, and they believe (based on the evidence of their experiences), that these prayers are answered. If they want to know whether it is evolution or creation which is true, prayer is a tested and proven means of getting the answer.  obvious child You seem to throw around belief as if it meant understanding. I suggest you learn the difference. I can believe the Moon is made of cheese. I can understand it is not. Here is a prime example of your lack of understanding of the common usage of words. A belief is an understanding. Belief: a state or habit of mind in which trust or confidence is placed in some person or thing. A belief can be true, or it can be false, but it is an understanding regardless.  If you understand that the moon is NOT made of cheese, you cannot possibly have a belief that it is made of cheese. That is IMPOSSIBLE for a sane, rational person, which says a lot about your state of mind.  BHN It seem obvious to me that Christians test the bible with prayer. obvious child Huh? That makes no sense.I believe I covered this previously. Christians get answers to questions by reading the bible, and by prayer. In the prayer they ask for understanding of questionable things.  I will assume the fault here, assuming that you have been to church and understand the purposes of prayer. If you do not understand the purposes of prayer, of course you will not understand my comment.  obvious child How is that not circular logic? One prays about a book they believe to be true and find perceptively that their beliefs support their preconceived notions!  "God exists because the bible said so and God wrote the bible!"Please try to stay on track. Of course it is circular reasoning. I never hinted, implied or suggested otherwise. All beliefs systems, at their core, are guilty of circular reasoning. I have stated or implied that repeatedly. I am sorry it went over your head.  obvious child Depends how you classify evidence. Depends how you classify faith. I have made clear distinctions as to what falls in each, you appear to deliberately avoid doing just that, similar to what Marc9000 did.Again your attempt at a rebuttal merely demonstrates my point. You define "evidence" so that only scientific evidence qualifies, then say the bible, prayer, divine revelation, are not evidence. Within the system of religious beliefs, these things are evidence every bit as much as your scientific evidence.  obvious child And how do they know those were not voices? Furthermore genesis and evolution are not exclusively. Only literalists have a problem gelling the two. Many moderate to liberal interpretations easily interpret that evolution is God's tool. Many Christians accept that 'day' really meant billions of years, or that day has no real time reference as it was written in the days before calculated measures. Some Christians believe that Genesis is a way to explain the origins of the world to ignorant nomadic Israelites and that actually explaining things as God could do, would be a giant waste of time to people who are worried about finding a meal and not being enslaved or killed by Egyptians. These Christians are often educated, which perhaps is not all that surprising.All of these things are true, but beside the point. The discussion is about the world view of literalists or creationists. Certainly all of their beliefs may be figments of their imagination, just as mine or yours might be. Certainly they may be correct and the liberal Christians may be mistaken.  obvious child How about you define faith or at least use my definition? I'm not going to play word games, use the definition or leave. I have no faith in science as I have evidence of its workings. One cannot have evidence and faith of the same thing as faith is a belief in something with no evidence. If something HAS evidence it can no longer be included in Faith beliefs. This is the definition I was using from the first place, one you seem very keen on ignoring for the desires of your argument, which is rather dishonest.We have no disagreement on the meaning of faith.  Once ANY belief system is up and running, it does not require faith.  If I assume god is real, and reveals himself and his workings in the bible, and prayer to my personal god will yield truthful answers, I have all of the evidence I need to say a literalist view is correct. No faith is required.  If I assume the entire world (universe) is understandable and verifiable with the scientific method, I have all of the evidence I need to say a literalist view is incorrect. No faith is required.  And of course there are many positions in between these two extremes, which likewise require no faith once the belief system is in operation.   obvious child yet to believe in a 6,000 year old world the Biblical God MUST be deceptive as the world does not show evidence of creation a mere 6,000 years ago.Your myopic view is staggering.  What is acceptable evidence to you does not satisfy the rest of the world. It is not just the biblical account that makes the world (universe) or existence of mankind unrealistically young according to scientific evidence. Virtually all religions have this commonality.  obvious child And what level of education in the sciences do you have?Well, that is a good question.  But I need to point out that the answer will only give us half of the relevant information you are trying to point out.  We will also need to know what your level of education is in religion and philosophy.  Since I am willing to detail the first half, I trust you will detail the second half. If my education on one side of the fence is relevant, certainly your education on the other side of the fence is relevant. How can it be any other way?  There are of course two types of education, formal and informal, or self-study. Most people posing a question such as yours mean formal, so I will start there. I have no MA, MS or PhD. I have taken post graduate classes in ethics and philosophy, but do not hold a masters degree. Among the 180+ credits I have from accredited, (in classroom) classes, about 50 are in religion, philosophy, ethics, etc. In the natural sciences probably only 25 or thirty. These would include chemistry, biology, physics, astronomy, all at the 100 or 200 level. My BA is in elementary education, which I attained over three decades ago.  I have attended four Universities, three of them after getting my degree. I consider my independent studies to be similar. I have taught adult Sunday School classes in three Christian denominations. Although I am well read on Christian commentaries (Scoffield, Matthew Henry, Dr. Morris, others), most of my readings have been in Zen.  By the way, I feel compelled to point out that philosophy (my first love) includes epistemology, which is certainly one of your many weak points.   Does your background in religion and philosophy compare favorably with mine?     obvious child We still haven't actually discussed the subject. Please address just my comment on Dr. Kurt wise as that was what the subject was about before you took it on a massively distracting tangent. Comment: What drives some creationists to be honest, such as Dr. Kurt Wise who have stated that they will stand by scripture DESPITE knowing that the evidence supports evolution? Quite simply, his allegiance to his beliefs. Why is that so hard to understand.  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  You continually try to apply your standards of beliefs to other systems. You fail to understand that your world view is not shared by some very rational, intelligent persons.
Singularity - The infinate collapse of space-TIME beyond Plancktime time is non-linear. It is infinately compressed to a single point or moment. There is therefore no "prior" to the big bang, nothing before because there was no "before". Unless you intend to completely rewrite Einstein's theory of relativity what you have just said is twaddle.  Time to stop thinking in linear time, beacuse linear time does not apply.  ** Actually, you are the one talking twaddle and gibberish. "Singularities" are fanciful notions dreampt up to support an 'a priori' Materialist assumption of 'spontaneous generation' and 'creatio ab nihilo'. The fact that space and time did not exist prior to the creation of matter and the physical universe, (since, after all, space and time are accidental properties of matter and its motion, and so are dependent upon the motion and disposition of matter for the fact of their own existence), in no way obviates the necessity of a pre-existing condition/state/entity out of which matter and its time/space were generated. You cannot get around the axiom that nothingness can only generate more nothingness, and that anything that has a beginning came from something actual that pre-exists it, and therefore _must_ have been caused by something other than itself. Your 'singularity' is just a fancy word for 'magick'.  As for Einstein, last time I looke his theories were about the universe as it is, and the place of space and time in the universe as it is. Basically he simply says what I just said--that space and time can only be understood in terms of matter, and before there is matter, there is no space and time at all, "linear or non-linear", whatever you suppose that to mean. None of which speaks to the fact that since matter had a beginning, and its accidents had a beginning, (Big Bang, "Singularity"), whatever, that any of this popped out of nowhere and nothing for no reason, all by itself, unassisted and without any prior form. Materialists, (but to my knowledge, not Einstein), believe that only "Matter" truly exists, and that space, time, and absolutely everything else you can name are accidents, epiphenomena, that arise out of matter and its motion. Therefore, in accordance with this metaphysical assumption, nothing can or did pre-exist matter, and since matter did not pre-exist "The Big Bang", aka, "The Singularity", then only nothing and nothingness preceded it. Metaphysics arguing against logic to arrive at a false assumption [spontaneous generation, i.e., something creating itself, unassisted, out of nothing at all] in order to safeguard a cherished assumption of faith/religious belief [i.e., atheism].
It seems as though you are saying that matter cannot come from nothing... I don't agree with you on that point.  ** Feel free to disagree, but your reasoning is faulty. Quarks pop in and out of "existence" apparently entirely inside this universe. But appearances are not actuality. This would only be true if this universe were the only entity that exists. Unless you are a materialist who metaphysically assumes that beyond this universe there is no existence, only nothingness, you will not assume that these particles spontaneously generate themselves within this universe, and have no existence except when they appear in this universe.  Drop the materialist metaphysic, allow for another 'existence' , one greater than our universe, an existence enfolding this physical universe within it, and these particles are seen to enter and depart this, our physical 'existence', by leaving and re-entering another, non-physical one. The pre-existent entity out of which this universe was generated during 'the big bang'. No more, "creatio ex nihilo" magical thinking..  Of course, if your religious beliefs entail believing that nothing exists except this physical universe, you'll reject this view as blasphemy.
And your beliefs require a separate existence for which there is no evidence.   ** Wrong. 'Ex nihilo, nihil fit' is all the 'evidence' necessary. To believe otherwise, that is, to believe that anything, even something so small as a quark, is able to independently generate itself out of nothing and nowhere is simply so irrational as to be insane. It is nothing but a superstitious faith in magic, and an irrational insistance that an effect can be its own cause. Once you convince yourself of that, you can kiss science goodbye and from here on it's "welcome to the monkeyhouse".   They also require disregarding a fair amount of General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics.  ** Sez u. Care to specify?   Cite your sources for your other existence (which seems to be different from other universes/dimensions) so that we can move on.  ** As above. A self-evident absolute truth statement requires no 'sources' other than itself.
You believe that. We don't. It all comes down to this: can you show that the particle pairs that have been observed forming from nothing really came from somewhere else? If not, you will need to rethink your beliefs.  Alternatively, you can continue believe that, but just don't get in the way of science, ok?  ** The Principle of Sufficient Reason and the 'ex nihilo. nihil fit' are logical axioms, not matters of personal belief. You might just as well claim that gravity is just a matter of personal belief. There is absolutely no science, only magic, in the notion that any entity or event can bring itself into existence unassisted. If quarks appear where there are no quarks, then they either came from somewhere else, or were generated on the spot by something else, just like everything else that has a beginning, including the universe. If you think that this is not axiomatic, just like 'cogito, ergo sum' and '2+2=4', then try to disprove it. It cannot be disproven, only denied by people who simply deny what they cannot face, because it throws their own beliefs back in their faces.  The Principle of Sufficient Reason and the 'non ex nihilo' are necessary to a rational, non-supernatural, non-magical universe/existence. They are necessary to science, including the principles of conservation of matter and energy. Before you loftily dismiss what you can't understand as a mere 'belief', tell me how something that does not exist can generate its own existence, when it doesn't have an existence to do it with?!? Tell us how that is at all possible. Tell us how something that does not exist, is able to do anything but remain non-existent. Do this without appealing to a whimsical, magical, irrational, fairytale crypto-religious reality of abracadabras and magic wands, where anything at all can, and routinely does, 'just "happen", that's all'.  Insulting the reasoning powers of someone who can think much more clearly, logically, rationally and deeply than you can, just won't save you here.
If you deny all evidence I present with "ex nihilo, nihil fit," then I suppose I will be unable to disprove "ex nihilo, nihil fit." Of course, supporting "ex nihilo, nihil fit" with "ex nihilo, nihil fit" seems a little nonsensical...  ** Trying to mock a self-evident fact, i.e., 'ex nihilo,nihil fit', i.e., that 'nothing but nothing can independently and endogenously arise out of nothing', by pointing out that it is, in fact, self-evident, is not the least nonsensical. Not unless you also assert that claiming that the sun and the moon exist becuse we can see them in the sky, i.e., that they are self-evident, is equally nonsensical.   I, on the other hand, find that people who deny the existence of plain facts, empirical, mathematical, or logical, are the ones who argue nonsensically. That makes your denial of causation as a fundamental property of change manifestly absurd, and represents a denial of everything that science, and indeed all human knowledge, is founded upon.  Now, if you feel that a basic and fundamental principle of causation, i.e., 'ex nihilo, nihil fit', can and does apply in special cases, i.e., quarks, then feel free to make a logical and rational argument to that effect. One that does more than assert that in this case 'magic' is a sufficient and acceptable reason for them reason for their appearance in and disappearance from this universe. Change 'magic' to 'miracle', and you'll find you're using the same superstitious rationale for quarks as creationists use for just about everything.  I'd love to hear your argument contra the 'ex nihilo'. Just do better than, "I don't accept the obvious because I don't like it.". I'm getting sick of that garbage, and if you try it on again I'll put your intellectual abilities on a par with ripskar's, and ignore you from now on.
Despite this claim,  ** What, "claim"?! I made no 'claim--I stated a necessary truth, a fact, an axiom of logic as self-evident to anyone but a fool as the fact that A is A and not B.   you actually seem deaf to argument.  ** ####. Nobody, including yourself, has mounted anything remotely resembling an argument against 'ex nihilo, nihil fit'. I , on the other hand, have shown that to dismissit is to deny the possibility of a rational universe, causality, the conserrvation of matter and energy, science, and human knowledge in general, by allowing acausality (not to be confused with mere indeterminate causality), that is, miracles and magic into the realm of what we accept as reality. You people are the one's sticking your fingers in your ears and hollering "Neener, neener, neener!!" You people are every bit as irrational and pig-headed as the objects of your incessant scorn, the creationists.    All I have seen from you in this thread is 'this must be true, and if you don't agree you must be stupid'.  ** If that is truly "all" you've seen from me, then you're either blind or illiterate.   However, I will try to get through to you.  You got "pompous XXX" down to a T, I'll give you that much.   We have no reason whatever to believe that the state described by the word 'nothing' has ever existed, or that it can exist.  ** Not exactly true. What you mean is that we cannot say or know that the state called, "nothingness" exists or ever existed. In fact, reason tells us that the opposite is true, in that A cannot be "not A", and where "A" is the state of existence, and "nothingness" equates to "non-existence", as in the 'creatio ex nihilo', "non-existence/nothingness" cannot equate to "A", but only to "not A". Therefore the state, "nothingness", i.e., "nihilo", does not, never has, nor ever can "exist". So far you are doing alright, except that the word "nothing" you used is equivocal, since it is true, for instance, that "Tom has nothing on his head.", and so such imprecise language just won't do in philosophy.   We can, of course, observe nothing outside our own universe's space-time, but the assumption that this translates into there being some state describable as 'nothing' outside our space-time is unwarranted.  ** Not only, "unwarranted", but utterly irrational. I might even say downright stupid. However, it is, nonetheless, a major ontological and cosmological postulate of Materialism. Your philosophy, not mine, and the philosophy that insists that because quarks appear and disappear in this universe, and since, in the materialist view, this universe is the sum total of all existence, that quarks _must_ violate the necessary truth, the fact, the axiom, of "ex nihilo, nihil fit", and just spontaneously generate themselves in and out of this sole state of existence, out of a state of nothingness and nowhereness, into something, somewhere, [quarks, here], all by themselves--magically or miraculously, depending on whether you are a materialist or a creationist. [Well, alright, I admit that the creationists don't claim that they do thisself-creation thing unassisted, but only the under the prompting of an uber-magician god. In this respect they are appear more reasonable and sane than materialists, but only for as long as it takes to think it through.]  My point is that you materialists, assuming that this universe, (this "space/time" as you for no good reason choose to call it), announce pompously to us all that this universe is the sum total of all that exists. You so pontificate solely on the basis of your ideological need to preserve an atheistic perspective that denies, 'a priori', the existence of anything but this physical universe, 'space/time', or whatever, which might be called, 'god'. It is nothing but a 'faith' statement, like any other.   If we extrapolate backwards in time in our own universe we appear to come to the 'big bang' singularity, and as has been pointed out we run into semantic difficulties if we try to talk about what existed 'before' it: but the idea that it arrived 'ex nihilo' is a quite unnecessary one.  ** As I've said several times--not merely "unnecessary", but irrational to the point of being flat-out stupid.  So far, you haven't been doing too badly.   Perhaps our universe is one bubble in a 'foam' of universes constantly appearing, expanding and ultimately fading away (or popping?). Since each universe's time will exist only within and for the duration of its own bubble, we need not impose time (or the need for an ex nihilo beginning or cause) on the foam as a whole.  ** You can fantasize endlessly about the greater existence of which this universe is but a part, but your imaginings are irrelevent. All that matters is the acceptance of the main fact--that this universe is NOT, contra materialism, the sum total of all that exists. That a state of existence is actual and real, beyond the parameters of this particular physical universe. That is 'reality', 'space/time', 'universe' is only an included piece of a greater something that IS, and is truly all that there IS. You don't have to call it 'god' if you don't want to. In fact, since that word is constantly confused for an anthropomorphic magician who is somehow separate and distinct from our 'natural' universe, I'd personally prefer that you didn't.   This is the great existence, The One, in and out of which quarks, and physical universes like ours, come into existence. 'Creatio ex nihilo' is falsified, because everything that has physical existence, quark or universe, arises out of that which exists eternally, and out of which all possible entities may be formed-- not 'de novo', in a magical 'poof' out of nothingness.   This is conjecture, you will say; and so it is. But so is your assertion that outside the space-time of our universe there is / was by necessity a state describable as 'nothing'.   ** I have never said any such thing. My whole argument has always been that the exact opposite is true--that "outside the spacetime of our universe" there is a greater state of existence, and NOT the 'nothingness' or the "Nothing exists beyond the parameters of our physical universe.", i.e. , "Our physical universe is the sole and only thing that exists.", that is a fundamental ontological postulate of your materialism. I have no idea how you managed to so utterly misread me, but you did.   We have no evidence, in fact, that there can be such a state.  ** See my reasoning to the conclusion that non-existence cannot exist, above. Of course if, like the 'nihilo', you simply deny Aristotle's 'Law of Identity' as a necessary truth, I cannot help you further.   Once we remove the necessity of there being a 'nothing' from which the BB singularity somehow emerged, your little 'ex nihilo' mantra loses any relevance you may have imagined it had.  ** How silly. Hopefully your snooty little non-sequitur can now be seen, at least by reasonable people, for the fool's jibe that it is.
Blimey. This is getting nasty.  That aside, I am intrigued and somewhat perplexed by some of the notions put forward in wabbit's post.    We have had a brief exchange previously on the subject of the materialist ontology, where I asserted that by your definition of materialism I could not consider myself a materialist, then subsequently changed my mind when I realised I had slightly misunderstood your point.  However again, here, I have to say that I (and the majority of physicists whose works I have read) absolutely do not postulate that either  1) something can come from nothing or  2) that there exists/has existed a state of "nothingness".  ** Absolutely. But my opponents in this thread are not "the majority of physicists", (who, as it happens, actually agree with me), but rather a set of darwinist/materialist 'truebelievers' who do in fact 1/ assert that something [quarks, universes] can come from nothing, 'creatio ex nihilo', by 'spontaneous generation', and who 2/ therebye imply that there exists a state of 'nothingness' out of with actual entitities such as quarks and universes can and in fact, do, spontaneously generate themselves. Go back and read their posts if you don't believe me.   Both of these ideas stem from the origins problem; that existence (in whatever form) must either extend infinitely far into the past or must have had a beginning.  ** Actually the 'problem of existence', by far the greatest problem in metaphysics, is the problem of ontology, which, as some reading this may not know, is the study of the nature of being and existence. Any wishing an easy introduction to the subject can look up 'ontology' at wikipedia.  One branch of ontology is cosmology. Cosmology can be a confusingly equivocal term, since it has both a metaphysical and a physical sense. From wordnet.com-- "The noun cosmology has 2 meanings:  Meaning #1: the metaphysical study of the origin and nature of the universe  Meaning #2: the branch of astrophysics that studies the origins and structure of the universe Synonym: cosmogony  Since cosmogony refers more strictly to the branch of astrophysics that studies the origin and evolution and structure of the universe, it might be useful to distingish the physical issue as cosmogony, and the metaphyical as cosmology. But OTH, maybe not. IAC, the issue in this thread is both physical and metaphysical. Today, as never before, the physical and metaphysical senses of cosmology overlap and intertwine with one another. There is a wiki entry for cosmology, too.   Both of these solutions of course present significant logical and conceptual problems. For physicists, these ideas take the following forms:  'Infinite time' model: Either  1) The Big Bang was preceeded by a previous universe which 'recycled' itself into this one; all the major theories concerning the hypothetical fate of the universe (Big Crunch, Heat Death, Big Rip) suggest possibilities for some cyclical process or 2) The universe (and others like it?) exists within a higher-dimensional framework; this is the horrifically abstract but apparently mathematically sound Brane Cosmology.  ** Since it is an appeal to magic to claim, contra, 'ex nihilo, nihil fit', that any entity can regenerate itself unaided, i.e., enjoy 'spontaneous regeneration', number one is irrational. I would imagine that only those physicists who cling desperately to materialism give it the least credence.  Number two, OTH, makes perfect sense in principle, although I have no idea what is meant by "Brane Cosmology".   'Finite time' model: This one is harder to conceptualise, and harder to accept, and much of modern theory is moving away from it, precisely because it suggests that something came from nothing. The basic premise is familiar; that time itself was created in the Big Bang, therefore to speak of anything happening or even existing before it is literally meaningless. But of course this is inconceivable to the human mind. All I can really say in defense of this notion is that many of the well-established facts of relativity and quantum mechanics are pretty much impossible to satisfactorily conceptualise.    ** This is, in fact, the position that my opponents in this thread [until you posted here], have all adopted.   This avenue of thought has yielded very little in the way of answers. Admittedly, the 'infinite time' model is hardly awash with answers, but at least it has provided frameworks for further theoretical exploration, unlike the 'finite time' model which, when reduced to its essentials, only offers the non-explanation that the universe 'just happened', which is no more philosophically or scientifically satisfactory than saying 'goddidit'.  ** Exactly and precisely the point that I've been making throughout this immediate exchange, and many others before it.   Firstly, particle-antiparticle creation-annihilation (or pair production for short) does not involve spontaneous generation from a state of nothingness. Pair production occurs as a result of quantum fluctuations in the ground state energy of a vacuum due to the uncertainty principle. Vacuum energy has been experimentally observed, directly causing the Casimir effect.  So in reference to materialism, if the traditional materialist ontology postulates concepts of 'nothingness' and spontaneous generation, modern physics is definitely waving a big red flag in its direction. Many physicists whose work I have read often consider the philosophical implications of the results of their work; it is fairly common knowledge that most physicists will readily admit that while they understand the results of their experiments and the equations of their theories, understanding the underlying reality is a whole other matter.  ** Exactly so.   Quantum field theory and holographic foam cosmology, for example, offer very strange pictures of the world we live in, even stranger than the tame-by-comparison ordinary (!) quantum mechanics. But physics can only, essentially, provide mathematically predictive models that explain correlation and causation in the physical universe. What it cannot do is tell us, for example, referencing our previous exchange again, what a 'particle' actually is. At least not yet. But I suspect that if this and similar questions are one day answered, they will be replaced with even stranger questions.     I have to say that a physicist would see the statement I have emphasised as almost tautological. Anything which could be proven to exist outside of, or beyond, what we colloquially term the 'universe' would have to be taken into account, regardless of the terminology used, for example 'multiverse', 'hyperverse' or 'brane cosmos'. To try to illustate my point; no modern physicist would make such an assumption as "The 4 dimensional universe of spacetime and mass-energy in which we live is the sum total of all that exists", but they might say "All that exists is all that exists" which is obviously tautological and not worth saying.  ** The important thing is that they deny the fundamental assumption of materialist/mechanist/positivist, and by extension, darwinist, thought.   I objected in our previous exchange to being labelled a materialist. The topic intrigued me but I distracted myself by banging on about physics, as I have done here, but I think this time more to the point that I would have liked to have made before: The reason I do not like the label 'materialist' is that, even at the time, not fully understanding what materialism claims, I understood that the philosophy must have rigid underlying assumptions which must be adhered to. This is a fundamental premise which I reject, and which physicists must (and do, from what I have read) reject in order to be able to think creatively as well as logically about their science.  ** Yes, isn't it ironic that physicists are the first to reject materialism and physicalism?!? Meanwhile darwinists of the RM+NS persuasion, geneticists, and atheists in general cling to a cosmology and ontology that astrophysicists, and physicists generally, now reject. Of course, everytime a physicists speaks to evolution without toeing the old materialist, darwinist line, he is dismissed as speaking outside of his/her, 'field of expertise'. As if genesis and evolution had neatly delineated dividing lines!!   If materialism as a philosophy makes such unjustified assumptions, then it is simply incompatible with modern physics, which is now tackling such fundamental questions that it has been forced to reject any assumptions whatsoever in order to find new and better explanations. Our previous discussion was partly concerned with the nature of matter/mass and energy. Current physical theory has some very strange views on this indeed; essentially that mass, energy, fields and forces, even space and time, are all fundamentally interrelated and each can in a way be understood in terms of the others. Unfortunately ordinary language is not capable of satisfactorily describing this; it is only describable in the language of mathematics.  This, I believe, is a fundamental difference between philosophy and science; they both use logic, but they use different languages. Hence when you label me a materialist, and tell me what materialism claims, my reaction from a purely scientific standpoint is simply "Huh?" because such a philosophy is not backed up with mathematical logic and therefore is not accurate or specific enough to be used to explain anything.  ** I do not need mathematics in order to understand what you, or anyone, can put into words. If your words entail certain metaphysical assumptions, whether or not you consciously realize that entailment, they are still manifest. In fact, it is the usual case in modern human beings that our unconscious worldviews do not necessarily map accurately to our consciously, analytically arrived at opinions. Many people of the darwinist evolutionary persuasion, that is, the RMNS based explanatiuon of the fact of evolution, constantly make and state opinions that are clearly founded in 19th century materialism. This thread being a case in point. But when you point this out to them, they immediately say that if materialism holds these metaphysical assumptions, then they are not materialists. Their own statements notwithstanding. They simply have never been forced to rigourously examine the roots of what they take for granted. I dare say, without condescention, that this post of yours is a wonderfully refreshing change to the sort of stuff that the others are trying to pass off as mature, reasoned and reasonable, debate. Thank you, and I mean that.   I should add that I only have the beginnings of knowledge of the maths used for physics but I understand that mathematical logic, if unsound, will always eventually be unpicked by someone, somewhere. Science is a very competitive field, especially physics, given the money that can be made from new advances in theory which actually lead to new technologies. For this reason I choose to accept the areas of physical theory which have mountains of evidence in support of them, and I tentatively accept the more bizarre, newer theories because I trust that either the maths behind them is sound or that it will be shown to be unsound in the future.  ** That works for me.   A final word on ontology: Obviously physics has its ontology; words such as 'electron', 'quark', 'entropy', all have specific meanings. The problem is that some other words like 'force', 'matter', 'energy', 'universe' have meanings which are hard to use with any accuracy or specificity, because there is no consesus interpretation of the nature of these phenomena, and that interpretation is subject to revision as theory and experimentation progresses.  'Force' is a great example. Three of the four fundamental 'forces' have experimentally observed 'particles' associated with them, and other areas of physics also say that the vacuum 'energy' is responsible for the four 'forces'. These 'particles' can also exist as 'waves' or 'fields', and the vacuum 'energy' is a 'wave' or a 'field' which can also, under the right conditions, exist as 'particles' (pair production). Gravity is a 'force' which does not have an experimentally observed 'particle' associated with it, but may be just a function of the topology of spacetime, as may be the vacuum 'energy'.  I could go on. The point is that to truly, truly get a grasp of what that last paragraph is about, you (and I) would have to understand the equations, the language of mathematics.   ** I disagree. I do not believe that it is necessary to become a top-flight mathematician in order to have an understanding of its most fundamental nature. The basic fundamental dispute, ever since Heraklitus and then Parmenides, has always the dispute between Dynamism/Idealism and Materialism. In the 19th century Materialism reached its zenith. In the 20th century the new physics destroyed it. Certain darwinists and other materialists (Daniel Dennett, the Churchlands, Dawkins, et al) just can't stop trying to prop up its rotting corpse, since materialism is necessary to atheism. Without it we are forced to the conclusion that "Something" greater than everything we know or can know exists. But note, this "Something", which I tend to characterize as "G*D", or, "The LOGOS", need have very little resemblance to that anthropomophic old testament superhuman worshipped by creationists.   Just to sum up: this may be a fundamental ontological postulate of materialism, but it is definitely not a fundamental premise of physical theory, which is beginning to explore theoretically, in fact the theory is starting to demand exploration of, the idea of existence beyond what we colloquially term the 'physical universe'. We may need an entirely new aspect of physics to explore it, and we will be waiting a long time for experimental technology to catch up with theory.  ** And in my own summation, I have no quarrel with physics or astrophysics, except when they go off into fantasy land, (multiverses, and so on), in order to try and defend their materialism against the Strong Anthropic Principle. That is, with a disguised appeal to The Magick of Gret Big Numbers, the same appeal they always use to defend their basic assumption that anything can and will happen, given a large enough number of repetions. Such as adaptive, but entirely random, genetic mutations. And so on.  Thanks again for a great post, and I'm not just saying that because we fundamentally agree with one another.  ww
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  My point is that you materialists, assuming that this universe, (this "space/time" as you for no good reason choose to call it)...   It's not my coining, and general relativity provides the very good reason.  ** How is "space/time" any more explanatory than the traditional, "universe"?!? You are just being pretentious, using terminology that you hope will give the impression that you know something that you, in fact, do not.   And yet I had taken such trouble to point out that that this universe need not be the sum total of all that exists. But it's much easier, isn't it WW, to attack what you'd like your opponents to say, rather than what they do say. It lets you throw around words like 'pompous' and 'pontificate'. (Did you ever hear a story about motes, beams and eyes?)  ** And I had agreed, pointing out that only materialists and their darwinist followers continue, as they do in this thread,to insist that this universe is indeed the sum total of all that exists. Just so that, by their and your "reasoning", (and I use that term in its very loosest sense), quarks and universes can spontaneously poof themselves into existence, creatio ex nihilo.  And you do pompously pontificate in your post, and is the name of that tune.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  How silly. Hopefully your snooty little non-sequitur can now be seen, at least by reasonable people, for the fool's jibe that it is.   To be honest, I had expected no better than this. It was worth a try, though.  ** Use that tone with me and you get told off, it's as simple as that. Until you learn some manners you're on my ignore list with the other time-wasters.
"Nothing can come of nothing" - according to Lear.  The principle of ex nihilo, nihil fit seems to be an intuitively self-evident and necessary truth: as such, it is not a truth over which God has any control. So if God creates out of nothing, how is this consistent with the apparent truth that nothing can come of nothing?  This intuitively obvious principle seems to threaten both the theist and the atheist. It's a problem for the atheist because if the universe had a beginning, it could not have come out of nothing and so appears to require a cause for its existence.   It is also a problem for the theist, since if the universe began to exist, it presumably did not come out of God, but was made by God as a distinct creation external to him. Not coming out of God, it came out of nothing - and how is that possible?  James.  ** The problem is that the antique, ethnic abrahamic theist tradition, like so many primitive theologies, separates 'god' from 'creation', positing therebye two separate realities, an insurmountably dualist ontology. God is eternal spiritual reality, but his 'creation', the universe, is a temporal, spatial, physical one, divided and cut off from the eternal reality of its creator. This dualist ontology is irrational, but continues through Plato and Descartes, until the materialists of the "Enlightenment" decided that since dualism is irrational, they would arbitrarily dismiss spiritual reality from their ontology, insist that only temporal, spatial, physical reality, i.e., this observable universe, really exists, and that everything else, spiritual, intellectual, and emotional, was nothing but an epiphenomenon of the only real thing--"matter". Thus creating a monist, (by decree) ontology, and a heck of a lot of problems with actual phenomena of the living and breathing variety. The evolution issue above all.  Spinoza made a greatstep forward. He is regularly misinterpreted, (IMHO), by materialists who claim he posited a monist position identical to their own, but referred to their 'universe', their 'matter', their 'space/time' if you will, as god himself/herself/itself. That is, an impersonal deist, pantheist 'creator' that is one with, but disinterested in, its own creation. My reading of Spinoza disagrees with that interpretation. IMO, Spinoza was a monist, not of the materialist kind, but rather of a pre-platonic, pre-zoroastrian, certainly pre-cartesian, kind. I feel that his ontology held that there is only one reality, true, but not that this universe is the sum total of all of it. Rather, that this universe is but one portion of a much greater reality, and that reality is the sum total of all existence, and that that one great existence that contains our universe within itself, is "God".  Thus Spinoza was, theologically, what I am--not an atheist, not a deist, not an abrahamic theist, not a pantheist, but a panentheist.  Panentheism overcomes the problem of "creatio ex nihilo", since all that is 'created', (from 'particles' to universes, to time, and space, and energy, and force, whatever), is a novel expression of the pre-existing and eternal ONE. That which is created, is an integral part of the creator. Thus the created is the creator, and vice versa, and novelty is just a change in form, limited in scope only by the rational nature of the One, which, with Heraklitus, I call "The LOGOS".   Thanks for asking an intelligent and pertinent question.  ww
**  Hi liminus;  I have little time at the moment to respond to your post, except as one bit at a time. But I'll get started as best I can.   Actually the 'cyclical universe' models do not involve spontaneous regenration either. Anything classed as 'spontaneous' or 'ex nihilo' in physics is deemed very suspect and cannot be included as part of theoretical canon. The cyclical models are simply mathematically plausible ways in which the final state of a given universe can, by virtue of the very properties of that final state, result in the formation of a new universe. The only limitation on the cyclical process is that the 2LoT still maintains that each successive universe, although starting in a low-entropy state, will still have a slightly more entropic initial state than its predecessor.  ** The 'cyclical' models are all nothing more than mathematical attempts to avoid the overwhelming rational blockade against 'spontaneous generation', i.e., 'creatio ex nihilo', which has been dismissed by all science except darwinist biology, where "Random Genetic Mutation" plus "Natural Selection" are still awarded a ridiculous credibility.  They attempt to uphold the materialist ontological assumption, the postulate that this universe is the sum total of all existence, by claiming that this universe is eternal, and that the "Big Bang" was not a true 'beginning', but merely some kind of change or alteration of its pre-existing form. It's more an attempt to rescue the discredited 'accordion' model than anything else, and of course it flies in the face of empirical observation. More importantly, this universe is either still the material thing that materialists have always defined it as being, or it is not. If this material universe had a prior, non-material, non-corporeal, non-physical form, then the materialist view is still shot down in flames and they have acheived nothing, because they no longer have any definition or sense of what 'material' or 'universe' even mean anymore, while to persist by saying that this material universe was preceeded by another corporeal universe just doesn't fit the facts, including the 2LoT.  Thus we are set with a material, corporeal, physical universe that did not always exist, had a beginning, and did not arise spontaneously, 'creatio ex nihilo', out of nothingness.  Sorry, but that's my time for now. Will get back to you later today.
 This is where you lose me. I don't understand what 'Darwinism' could be,  ** Darwinism is the postulate that lifeforms, i.e., living organisms, are, in no fundamental or basic quality, any different from all other aggregations of substances. Fundamentally, darwinians hold that life and its psychical properties are neither more nor less than epiphenomena produced by the mechanical movements of 'bits of corporeal stuff',-- movements caused by forces that are produced by the bits of stuff themselves, in classically irrational, 'effect as its own cause', 'spontaneous generation', 'creatio ex nihihilo', fashion. Darwinism is thus fundamentally materialist/mechanist/positivist, even when it hides behind euphemisms such as physicalist and naturalist. The word 'natural' in any darwinist's mouth always means, 'physically mechanical', and anything that does not reduce to a physically mechanical cause/effect change event is always labelled, by darwinists, as 'supernatural'. Thus any mental or emotional event or state is always assumed, by darwinists, to have a physically mechanical cause, and this view is further extended to the nature of life itself, thus entirely informing their 'biology'.    or how it could be relevant to anything meaningful.  ** IMHO, darwinism, as an adjunct of materialism/mechanism/positivism, has nothing meaningful to say about life's genesis and evolution. It is just verbiage based upon irrational speculation and a vacuous, trivial, truism.   If by this term you mean a hardline materialist interpretation of evolutionary theory, I would say that this is because such an interpretation, at the moment, is quite satisfactory in terms of current research.  ** That's like saying that Ptolemy's "interpretation" of the solar system was "quite satisfactory in terms of current research" in cartography. The fact that this materialist view of inheritance, falsley extended to evolution, (that is, that which explains stasis is then said to be that which explains change), since for almost 100 years gene theory seemed to indicate that 'bits of corporeal stuff', DNA, was the looked for physically mechanical base point out of which all things biological, from a monarch butterfly's migration instinct to Shakespeare's verbal genius, was but a epiphenomenon of the pre-determined chemical interactions of various accidentally generated aggregations of 4 bases. ( bits of stuff) Lately we have found that it is not the bases themselves, but the information encoded in their relation to one another, (which can sometimes differ from organism to organism without changing the mechanical relation of the physical bases), that is in charge of the 'bits of stuff'. But mechanist darwinism cannot accept this, of course.  Break time. More later.
**  Do darwinists ever post anything but insults, aspersions, snide remarks, and vacuous personal opinions for which they can never furnish either empirical evidence or logical reasoning? No, they never do.
 ww--"As if genesis and evolution had neatly delineated dividing lines!!"    Again, I'm not being flippant, but I don't know who these 'Darwinists' are supposed to be. And I am intrigued by the last sentence. What do you mean?  ** I've shown above who darwinists are, whether they recognise themselves or not. As for my last sentence, it clearly means that the origin of lifeforms and the origin of new lifeforms are inseparable in terms of causation, and that the darwinist cant that evolution is distinctly different from origin of life is nothing but a phony humbug.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  I disagree. I do not believe that it is necessary to become a top-flight mathematician in order to have an understanding of its most fundamental nature.    Here we definitely part ways. I have read a vast amount of layman's (and slightly more technical) physics litearture, and I know that I will never truly appreciate the beauty of physics, or really understand it, without understanding some of the maths involved.  ** I am not talkng about understanding physics--I am talking about understanding reality, existence. I can use the findings of physicists to do that without having to understand the maths they use to generate their own opinions about it. I have my own mind, and as a philosopher that's all I need.   I do not believe, for example, that it is possible to explain the details of quantum mechanics with true accuracy using ordinary language.  ** Actually, math isn't such a big help there either, as evidenced by all the confusion surrounding the subject. We know that qm is true--but I don't know of anyone who can explain why it is true, or even how true it is, and its for sure they don't explain anything just by using mathematical symbology to describee it. A description is not an explanation. A fact that darwinists and other materialists are constantly tripping over.    On ocasion, when I have read books which contain both language analogies and the maths, I have strived to make sense of the maths, and succeeded. Those moments have been moments of true understanding, a eureka moment if ever there was one. You can explain the premise of the uncertainty principle with words, but you can't prove its validity without the maths.   ** That's as may be, but in my world you sometimes have to take people's word for things you'll never see yourself. I'm willing to accept the scientific consensus on the observation of 'quantum uncertainty',- (and its ontological implications)-, without the math, and will do so until something in empirical fact or logical reasoning gives me any reason to doubt the truth of it.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  The basic fundamental dispute, ever since Heraklitus and then Parmenides, has always the dispute between Dynamism/Idealism and Materialism. In the 19th century Materialism reached its zenith. In the 20th century the new physics destroyed it.    I would go one further and say that physics has destroyed both. From my perspective, both materialsim and idealism are equally without future, because no matter what they may say, physics has the facts, which have always been stranger than men have imagined in their nebulous philosophies.   ** Facts, per se, are merely raw data. They mean nothing. Even 'the facts' of physics mean nothing. It is not until a mind begins organizing facts and their relationships to one another that meaning, i.e., 'information', arises. Whenever anyone uses facts to build a view of the universe and the reality of existence, be they a toddler or a quantum physicist, they act as philosophers, and their conclusions inform their philosophy, aka, 'worldview'. Or "weltanschauung", if we want to wax pedantic. Learning is adapting and adjusting a worldview to new information, as it is assimilated. The problem is that worldviews become so tied to personal or group identity that new information is often resisted, and never assimilated, for fear that one's psychological security, one's culture, one's politico-economic system, even one's sanity, will collapse.  Therefore what modern physics is actually doing is finding the facts that may generate new philosophies. My own philosophy is aligned with the ideas of Alfred North Whitehead (Principia Mathematica), and Charles Saunders Pierce, two men who knew a bit of math. But to say that the recent theories of modern cosmological physics, such as 'many worlds', and 'string theory' and 'brane theory' are any less "nebulous" than any metaphysical theory is presumptuous, perhaps even condescending and superior without cause.   Neuroscience is doing the same thing to the Philosophy of Mind, neither confirming or denying it, but replacing it bit by bit with recorded observations, confirmed facts, and well-supported theories.  ** I don't know what you are trying to say here. The Philosophy of Mind is a field of philosophical enquiry, not some hard and fast set of rules and pronouncements. There is nothing to "chip away at", since "chipping away" (at ignorance and confusion) is what it is. And as in all philosophy since the arrival of empirical methodology and science, going back to Bacon, observation and testing have informed all metaphysical views. Which is precisely why, except for Dennett, the Churchland's, and Dawkins, materialism is effectively dead as a doornail where philosophers are concerned. I don't know whjat you know of Idealism, but it comes in many flavours and modern physics, far from destroying it as it has materialism, is very much supportive of many Idealist ontologies. It certainly supports my own version of Process Philosophy, with its new approach to dynamism and vitalism.  Anyhoo, gotta go. Later.
You're real tough with WW as you run from me like a scared rabbit huh pandion ? And since you like crossing over threads let's pick up where you left off running from ours. If you can't get away with mocking someone you run away like a scared little boy.   Why don't you tell us about them. Please explain how they were exposed by creationists and not by scientists.  Good, keep twisting what I say. Continue to expose your dishonest style of debating by purposely misinterpreting what is argued while avoiding the real point being made, and not answering it at all.  Sure, I'll consider that. Given the few actual successful frauds, and given the fact that being caught in a fraud would destroy a scientist's career, I'd be willing to venture that there aren't many.   Yes but the glory for furthering the fraud is so great, and things like Tenure and large Grants make the risk worth it. I mean, its all a matter of interpretation anyway. And an evolutionary scientist today has a whole industry of other evolutionists who will cover for them because in the end, defeating Creationism and supporting evolution is all that counts. But as a layman you don't see that and assume that everyone in that INDUSTRY is seeking the truth. But here's the rub, THEY ARE NOT. THEY ARE SEEKING TO SUPPORT A PRECONCEIVED OUTCOME AND THAT ISN'T SCIENCE. IT'S A MANUFACTURED BELIEF SYSTEM.  Are you including physics, cosmology, geology, nuclear physics, astronomy, paleontology, archaeology and so on in your count? Because there have been some doozy frauds by creationists in other fields of science besides evolutionary biology.  No I'm not. And it's discoveries and observations from within all of these other sciences that if you did a research study on, you would find not only contradict, but prove that evolution is a fraud and manufactured belief system. IT MUST BE GREAT TO USE THE EVIDENCE THAT SUPPORTS ONES SCIENCE AND BURY WHAT DOESN'T, HUH ? Because that is precisely what evo has done since the beginning. If it conflicts with evo they never publish that connection, but if it can be made to appear to, they will market it like it's the missing link.  What about it? Please tell us about these volumes of scientific evidence. Are you sure that this "science" that you wish to believe isn't fraudulent?  You're the evolutionist, you check it out. And here's where to look. In the course of reading and watching news releases about scientific discoveries and observations in many branches of science over the years, discoveries and observations have been made that directly fly in the face of evo claims. And after that initial release by the branch that made the discovery, it is never mentioned, catalogued or added to the volumes of info that disproves evo at all.   No one is keeping that file for public consumption. And evo itself has made many many observations and discoveries that conflict with their preconceived notions and in every case, if it can't be fit into their construct of deceit then it is buried never to be referred to again. That sir is the epitome of deceit and fraud.  Science is not a question of truth. It is never claimed to be TRUTH. Science tries to explain the observations we make about our universe. It isn't claimed to be the TRUTH, but only the best explanation we can devise based on current evidence. In science, there is always the presumption that the explanation is tentative and subject to adjustment or rejection if new evidence comes to light.  Understood, and with legitimate sciences that principle has worked fine and is even necessary for moving forward and remaining open to new discoveries. Why would you think that I don't get that ? But ask yourself this pandion, what if a science is founded on a completely fictional lie ? How can the evidence support that unless it is manufactured from the very beginning ? And that is why i constantly refer to evo as a fraud because it was founded on false assumptions and preconceived notions that are FICTION. Therefor any info gleaned in support of it is false and manufactured.  EXAMPLE: Islam is a 1500 year old cult where as Jehova Witness is less than 100 years old. But just because islam is older and has more members, does that then make it any less a cult ? Not on your life. They are both founded in lies and deceptions. And so it is with evo. It is a cult based in and founded on lies and preconceived notions. And it is followed like a religion by people like you who place all of your faith in it as truth as you kneel at the alter of this fraudulent science.   The problem is that biblical creationism has been shown to be wrong by many fields of science.  This too is a lie. If you really possessed the scientific mind that you claim, and had the ability to honestly discern fact from fiction, you would find that in the volumes of real archeological discoveries made in the Holy Land, completely support what is found written in the bible. Completely, 100%. I don't follow fairy tales pandion. I'm not needy or hungry for lies to fill my life. Every one who ever told me about Jesus before receiving Him myself was told hey, I was born a moslem and I'll die a moslem. All the while I wanted to know the living God but I had no desire to convert to Christ. But I met Him and know that He is alive and well and as real as you are. But He is God and now dwells within me. So I'm not believing a man made fairy tale, but you are my friend.  That's just not true. We mock you for your ignorance and hubris. Moreover, you don't even know enough to realize that you are rejecting science in general, not only a single "branch" or science, but physics, cosmology, astronomy, astrophysics, geology, archaeology, nuclear physics, molecular biology, population genetics, genetics, and more that don't come to mind. What you reject is science itself in that you reject the scientific method.  Again with the judgments and assumptions that you cannot reasonably know. I too am a college graduate and understand the principles of evo. But I insist on asking the hard questions that evo doesn't allow a student to ask so I am a heretic of sorts. What you sheeple don't understand is that as long as you follow the party line and never insist on asking these very legitimate questions then evo can never be considered a true and valid science.  Since nobody even mentioned that, what are you talking about?   And yet in every post, you and (or) your ilk mock me as a backward simpleton who must hold onto myths to sustain my insignificant existence in this life. As if believing a lie is better than facing reality. A more shallow and ridiculous argument I can't even imagine, as the truth is everything to me, and the end result of the search I started as a child.   Absolute truth does exist pandion and I've discovered it. And that is what I share here. Everyone who receives it must decide if I'm a liar, a lunatic, or if I have truly met the living God of Creation. That is what is called personal responsibility on your part. accept and receive or deny and reject. The choice is yours, but as for me, I have shared His truth and that is all that matters to me.  How is that meaningful? What does it mean?  Again, by swearing allegiance to the religion of evo, you by definition deny the creation account of our existence. All of these who insist that they are good Christians, who happen to accept evo for how we got here will be held accountable for evey person they have supported that lie to someday. You can't have it both ways pandion. God does not compromise with the truth.  No. We mocked you. Your god isn't relevant to the question of science.  The only way God is irrelevant to this conversation is if He doesn't in fact exist. Otherwise every attack you make against the truth I speak is spoken against HIM, not me. Because it's his truth I'm sharing with you, not mine.  By the way, Archy. I have a question for you and StuporSport. Why is it that neither of you actually respond to my posts? All you two do is attempt to insult me. Never do you actually respond with anything of substance. What's the deal? Is it that you can't respond due to a lack of knowledge and you are left with nothing more than insult? I think so.  I do respond to them directly pandion. The ones worth answering anyway. I answered every statement you made above. But your offensive remarks to me are responded to in kind in many cases. I don't suffer your mockery well at all. But just because you don't like my answers or the direction they take, don't imply that I don't respond directly as it is very disingenuous and false. I accused you correctly of verbal masterbation, and you responded by accusing me of masterbating on the Holy Bible. You tell me which of us made a valid debate point and which of us committed blasphemy ?  I'm not actually all that knowledgeable. It's just that I have basic knowledge and the ability to reason and to do research. The result is that you two are reduced to nothing more than insult.  That you're not that knowledgeable goes without saying. Then research the truth about evo if you dare. Find the discoveries and observations within Genetic science, Nuclear science and biological science that directly refute what evo claims and then judge for yourself the inconsistencies that it is rife with. Then ask yourself how reliable your chosen religion is and how well placed your faith is ? And if you stop insulting me, I'll stop reminding you how ignorant one must be to believe as you do.  Of course, there is always the "we'll see who's right when you die" nonsense. But that doesn't address the question.   Unfortunately, because I can't prove my God through the prism of your scientific microscope, it will only be after death that you will learn the truth. Unless of course you simply ask God to reveal Himself to you within yourself which is the only way to meet the God of life. If you do that, He has promised that "If you grope out into the darkness, (of this World) I will find you." And "If you seek the Truth, the Truth will set you free." So all we are expected to do by our Father is to SINCERELY seek Him. He will find us, open our eyes and allow us to see Him as clearly as we see each other. But His love is so great that He wont force Himself on us.   He also say's "Behold, I stand at the door of your heart and KNOCK, if any man hears me and opens up the door, I will come into Him, dine with Him and He with me." In three simple passages I have given you the complete Gospel and the way to eternal salvation and it has nothing to do with a church, a minister or any man at all. For Jesus said "I am the Way the Truth and the Life, there is no other way to the Father but through Me." Seek and you will find, ask and you will receive, but you either love me or you hate me, those who are lukewarm I will spew out of my mouth.   So He stands at the door now, if one sincerely seeks him and opens the door of their heart He will most assuredly reveal Himself to them.
 This is why I love science. I truly believe that philosophy as a discipline has been usurped by its child, science. Philosophy by its nature is for those things science cannot yet answer. Philosophies lead to sciences. But then, when questions are answered, the philosophy becomes, while still respected for its achievements, irrelevant in the light of the new understanding of reality.  ** If you believe that science can be divorced or entirely separated from philosophy, then you understand neither the one nor the other. Even if you actually mean 'metaphysics', when you say, 'philosophy', this remains true. It's like trying to separate 'physics' from 'science'. Science is mostly an epistemological method based upon empiricism, but was turned into 'scientism' when it became confused and conflated with materialist metaphysical assumptions during the 17th century 'Enlightenment', became 'logical positivism', and continued as such until the rise of quantum physics in the 20th century. Then modern science began to smash materialist/logical positivist principles into little bits, and 'scientism/logical positivism', became a discredited metaphysic. Today crypto-logical positivists like Shermer have redefined 'scientism', but without really altering its materialist assumptions and premises. With respect, if you still believe that 'science' is separate reality from 'philosophy', then you are still indulging in 'scientism', a materialist metaphysic.   Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  Certain darwinists and other materialists (Daniel Dennett, the Churchlands, Dawkins, et al) just can't stop trying to prop up its rotting corpse, since materialism is necessary to atheism. Without it we are forced to the conclusion that "Something" greater than everything we know or can know exists. But note, this "Something", which I tend to characterize as "G*D", or, "The LOGOS", need have very little resemblance to that anthropomophic old testament superhuman worshipped by creationists.    Again you lose me. While I happily accept (and, indeed, assume) that there exist things beyond our current scope of knowledge, I do not assume that there exist things beyond our possible future scope of knowledge. I accept that there may exist such things, but if they do, then by definition they hold absolutely no interest for me personally. If I can never know what it is, then any guess I make will probably be wrong, so the exercise is pointless.  ** If that's your personal choice, then so be it. Just don't criticize and patronize  those of us who wish to go further in our intellectual inquiries than you do, on the premise that human behaviour is important, and human behaviour is largely determined by what we think we know about the nature of existence.    Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  And in my own summation, I have no quarrel with physics or astrophysics, except when they go off into fantasy land, (multiverses, and so on), in order to try and defend their materialism against the Strong Anthropic Principle. That is, with a disguised appeal to The Magick of Great Big Numbers, the same appeal they always use to defend their basic assumption that anything can and will happen, given a large enough number of repetitions. Such as adaptive, but entirely random, genetic mutations. And so on.    Just a couple of points to make here:  1) If you mean Carter's SAP, the statement is a truism. If you mean Barrow and Tipler's SAP, it looks suspiciously like an argument from design which is irrelevant until a designer can be identified.  ** What do you mean by "identified"? Traced to a name, address, and phone number? This 'identity' argument is a transparent cop-out.   2) What you call the Magick of Great Big Numbers is also known as statistics, which is a very logical and easily applied science in the hands of those who know its limitations.  ** Like the bible, anyone can quote 'statistics' to support any point of view. Like Twain said, "There are lies, there are damn lies, and then there are statistics." Like many things, statistics are just facts, meaningless until interpreted; and even more than empirical facts, numerical facts (statistics), are extremely easy to misinterpret for ideological reasons. See "fitness" and "natural selection" and "population genetics as evolution", for instance.   In sum, if I have a worldview, it is that facts are facts and everything else is unknown, ie could be anything, could have any explanation, but that science is the way to know for sure.  ** Depends on what you mean by 'know'. For me, epistemologically-speaking, nothing is "known" except the meanings intellectually derived by connecting facts to one another and determining a interrelation, or understanding, via a 'learning' process of 'knowledge' acquisition. We can only be "aware" of facts, data;--we 'know' nothing until we establish their correlations. But I admit that some consider 'an awareness remembered' as sufficient to their definition of 'knowledge'. Such as being able to memorize poorly understood sections of text when cramming for an exam.  In sum, facts are merely data, and data are not information.   Philosophies and their implications are irrelevant for me; I am comfortable limiting myself to the body of knowledge which we have attained through science.  ** Believe this all you like, but you are only deluding yourself.   Anything that is in principle unknowable is irrelevant.  ** Depends on what you mean by "unknowable", and that definition depends upon the metaphysical assumptions you base it upon, whether you recognise them consciously, or not.   We have seen no positive evidence for an intelligent force in the universe, so at the moment such a hypothesis is worthless.   ** Once again, it is your metaphysical presumption that dictates what, for you, constitutes "positive evidence for an intelligent force in the universe", and thus enables you to "see" none. The mere fact that this universe is a rational, law-abiding, ordered universe in its parts and in their interactions, allows me to infer just such an intelligent force. Remember, 'ex nihilo, nihil fit'?
Nope. Evolution is not my religion. I have never known anyone who thought that a field of science was their religion. I have no faith in science since faith is based on no evidence. Science presents evidence and then explains it as best we can.  Sure it is. And if you understood that what we put our faith in will surely be judged as our God, you would know better than to deny it.   And how will God judge the self-righteous pompous asses who believe that only their brand of Christianity is correct?  That all depends on if they were right about their brand of christianity or not. emoticon_xgood   But you know what ? I came home from a busy day of travel and appointments, took a long cool shower and feel so good and appreciative for my life that nothing you hateful ignoramuses can say will get me down. Even though I am sorry for you unbelievers to the point of true pity, I feel nothing but compassion and love for you all. My prayer for you is that God will break your hearts wide open and fill them with His unconditional love to overflowing. Praise the Lord everyone. emoticon_xangel
Just when you think he might really be a nice guy: In the same breath you get this:  The fact that you're a hateful bunch doesn't prevent me from loving you moose. What is it about that statement that you don't understand ? Would you prefer I lie to you and say I love you because you're so lovable ?
Here we go, another atheist to mix it up with. That's ok, it's not like I'll have to put up with you forever or anything. emoticon_xgood
I understand the statement perfectly. It appears you do not. Calling someone hateful and an ignoramus is not loving behavior.  Telling the truth is loving behavior my friend. Lying to someone, deceiving them or enabling them is not loving behavior.
I wasn't aware that there were many atheists here - most seem to be agnostic or christian from what I've seen in my lurkings on the forums.  And yeah, you won't have to put up with us forever - just until you die - after that, it's in the ground with you and no more experiences. That's why I find christianity to be so sad - it makes you waste your life worrying about what will happen "after", rather than enjoying the life that they have: especially some radical christians who live their lives in fear of a destructive and angry god.  What is it that you think I can't do as a Believer in Christ that I would miss after dying ? Raping and pillaging ? I've travelled extensively, raised my daughters, I'm a good dancer, skier, drive a nice car, do some charity work, by choice and not out of any obligation to anyone. My life is peaceful and complete. I worship my Heavenly father freely and I never have that feeling of fear strike deeply within my soul because I have a personal relationship with my maker. I don't have that fear that say's you're denying who you are and who I am. That anger within you is a direct result of the hatred for that voice within you that constantly tells you you're missing the boat in life as you waste yours chasing shadows that never materialize into anything more than bitterness and anguish in the deepest part of your heart.   And I have been unsaved so I know what it feels like to be spiritually dead. So until you have been saved and walked in my shoes, you shouldn't presume to judge my relationship with the God of all Creation.
I have been "saved" and have "walked in your shoes", I wasted the first twenty or so years of my life with christianity - it made me feel empty inside, constantly thinking about whether I would go to heaven or hell, if my faith in god was strong enough, etc. Once I came to the realization that I was merely worrying about something that doesn't exist, and became an atheist, I felt more complete than I ever had before. So, you shouldn't presume to judge my experiences.  No you haven't been saved my friend. You couldn't have because if you had a personal relationship with God through Jesus Christ, you wouldn't have felt empty inside or thought about whether you would go to heaven or hell. With a relationship with God comes personal assurance of ones salvation through the indwelling of Gods Holy Spirit. And with Him comes joy and understanding beyond human comprehension. And remember, there is nothing one can do to be saved accept receive the free gift of what jesus did on the Cross for us. It is by grace that we are saved through faith, and not of ourselves so that no man may boast. Also, see my siggy.
yep, unless you go by "Archangel", you cannot and have not been saved, because he has the inside scoop. Too bad Oreo, you lose at life.  Archie here is the reason Christians have a bad name. He exhibits all the traits that true Christians are not supposed to have: ignorance, hubris, ignorance, hate, ignorance, self-righteousness, ignorance, both a superiority and persecution complex (don't ask me how), and gross ignorance of both the historical and cultural history of the bible, and reality  This is what is so difficult about debating with people who wouldn't know the truth if it fell on them. You see TQ, Oreo is the one that said she wasn't saved after she evidently was. See ?  Once I came to the realization that I was merely worrying about something that doesn't exist, and became an atheist, I felt more complete than I ever had before.  Now, because I have actually accepted Jesus and know what a personal relationship with Him entails, I can confidently say that someone who actually met Him would have eternal security as I do. No where was I hateful in my response to him/her. See ?  No you haven't been saved my friend. You couldn't have because if you had a personal relationship with God through Jesus Christ, you wouldn't have felt empty inside or thought about whether you would go to heaven or hell. With a relationship with God comes personal assurance of ones salvation through the indwelling of Gods Holy Spirit. And with Him comes joy and understanding beyond human comprehension. And remember, there is nothing one can do to be saved accept receive the free gift of what jesus did on the Cross for us. It is by grace that we are saved through faith, and not of ourselves so that no man may boast. Also, see my siggy.  You may not like the truth TQ, but that is what I shared with her. The only person showing hatred and ignorance here is in your tirade against me. And it's because you can't refute my arguments against your false religion of evolution. Talk about a philosophical coward. You can't out debate someone so you attack their intelligence. emoticon_xdonno If you had any dignity, you would be ashamed of yourself.
  From what I've seen in just lurking here over the past few months, I definitely agree. People like him are just one of the many reason why I deconverted from, Christianity.  Maybe I'll take a crack at Archangel here - I've deconverted quite a few radical christians in my life, and Arch here looks like a challenge: I'm not too hopeful, but there's always a chance.  Good luck getting me to abandon my savior for a spiritually dead gentile. Like I would trade eternal life for eternal separation from a Holy and perfect God who loves me with an inexpressible love. But If you'll open your heart, maybe I can lead you to the Truth about salvation.  Oh, I've been saved all right. Saved from a wasteful and useless life of belief in something that does not exist( read: God). I was saved from my indoctrination in the Christian cult, and now I feel better than I ever could believing something that makes me hollow. Life is so much more fulfilling when you aren't living in constant fear/wondering about an "afterlife" - it gives you so much more appreciation of the life that you actually have, rather than the waste of time worrying about something imaginary like heaven and hell.  Your speaking the lies of the devil. If you actually believe what you're saying here then you fulfill a very disturbing passage in the bible that applies directly to you and your ilk in these last days.  2Ti 3:1  But mark this: There will be terrible times in the last days. 2Ti 3:2  People will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, proud, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, 2Ti 3:3  without love, unforgiving, slanderous, without self?control, brutal, not lovers of the good, 2Ti 3:4  treacherous, rash, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God- 2Ti 3:5  having a form of godliness but denying its power. Have nothing to do with them. 2Ti 3:6  They are the kind who worm their way into homes and gain control over weak?willed women, who are loaded down with sins and are swayed by all kinds of evil desires, 2Ti 3:7  always learning but never able to acknowledge the truth. 2Ti 3:8  Just as Jannes and Jambres opposed Moses, so also these men oppose the truth-men of depraved minds, who, as far as the faith is concerned, are rejected. 2Ti 3:9  But they will not get very far because, as in the case of those men, their folly will be clear to everyone.  So don't think I would ever believe any of your lies as I understand very well that no redeeming truth can come from you.
Gentile? Honey, if you are a Christian, you ARE a gentile!  Oh really ? And you know this how ? Are their no semitic believers on Earth ? Is not an arab a son of Abraham also and a non gentile ? I wish I could see the look on your face now as you look back to probably the only arab on this site who has been the strongest defender of Israel, the Jew and the God of Abraham. Even stronger than the jews on this forum.  Just out of curiosity, does it not worry you that so many people are being put off Christianity because of the malicious mendacity of Christian professional Creationists, such as those in the infelicitously named Discovery Institute?  Not at all, should I be overly concerned with the opinions of mockers and haters of the truth ? I don't think it's my place to worry about that, only to share the truth and let the chips fall where they may.  Not even the current pope, Herr Ratzinger, seems to have much of a problem with evolution as such, though he clearly despises Darwinism. But then, he isn't a scientist. Still, he doesn't seem to need to lie about evolutionary theory.  Doesn't Lying for Jesus give Christianity a bad name, and create a scandal for the faithful? I mean, even as ancient a Christian as St. Augustine warned fellow Christians against adopting positions contrary to reason for fear it would discredit Christianity, yet this is what Creationists today do. Did they learn nothing from one of the fathers of Christianity?  It is you who is lying my friend, not me. I will trust my god any day before the foolishness of Man as he attempts to manufacture his own secular humanist belief system to explain our origins. Not only are you lying, but you and your fellow evolutionists are promoting the great deception of this generation and will be held responsible for the false gospel you preach.   Sir, I have spoken no lies at all. That is one of the standards that I always try to hold myself to. I have told you nothing but the truth about how I felt in the christian faith and how I feel now. I am sorry that you feel that my experience is a lie, but I am rather used to that reaction, so it doesn't get under my skin - I don't take it personally.  I agree that your personal story isn't a lie Oreo. I accept that this is how you view life, religion and that atheism is your truth now. I wouldn't deny you that personal truth. But your truth is a lie and a great deception. That is the point I was making. I'm telling you that you are made in Gods image just as we all are. And denying him doesn't make Him unreal all of a sudden. That is the point I was making regarding my use of the word lie in reference to your post.  Fulfil?! It's hard to see how that passage couldn't be fulfilled! If it got any more vague it would be that scene with the prophets in The Life of Brian!  I'm sorry you see it that way Otto, I can't discern the passage for you after all.
Have you never heard of manners? Perhaps the loving and cuddly guy that is you could just say nothing in lieu of "honestly" labeling another as an igmoramus. I cannot conceive of a loving way to call someone an ignoramus.   Manners. Have you been reading the posts to me ? It's ok and understandable for you to insult and malign me and my beliefs as ignorant myths only a simpleton would believe in. But when I respond accordingly ON A DEBATE BOARD NO LESS, all of a sudden I'm supposed to have manners and be polite ? Just another example of the double standards and hypocrisy you people live by. Grow up moose, if you treat me with respect, I'll respond accordingly.
That's Christlike love? So you are admitting you were being disrespectful and not loving after all? Which is it?  I repeat moose, now read my whole post to get my FULL meaning rather than edit it and pull out only what you want to hear.  Manners. Have you been reading the posts to me ? It's ok and understandable for you to insult and malign me and my beliefs as ignorant myths only a simpleton would believe in. But when I respond accordingly ON A DEBATE BOARD NO LESS, all of a sudden I'm supposed to have manners and be polite ? Just another example of the double standards and hypocrisy you people live by. Grow up moose, if you treat me with respect, I'll respond accordingly.
Here is the condescending tripe you posted in response to my arguments. And you're insulted that I didn't respond seriously and to your satisfaction ? Well good. Get over it. When you insult and speak down to me I don't feel too obligated to feed your over bloated self important ego.   pandion  Registered User  Join Date: Oct 2004 Location: Texas Posts: 1,282 Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  You're real tough with WW as you run from me like a scared rabbit huh pandion ?  There should be no space before a question mark in literate English. Please point out where I "ran" from you. I am not aware of that I will immediately take steps to correct your misunderstanding.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And since you like crossing over threads let's pick up where you left off running from ours.  Where is "ours?" What are you talking about?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  If you can't get away with mocking someone you run away like a scared little boy.  But pointing out your errors of science, logic, and reality is not mocking. Why do you fundies have to always believe that you are some sort of martyr?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Good, keep twisting what I say. Continue to expose your dishonest style of debating by purposely misinterpreting what is argued while avoiding the real point being made, and not answering it at all.  I didn't twist what you said. I asked you to show where some fraud by science was exposed by a creationist. Actually, every known fraud by science has been exposed by real scientists. No creationist has ever had the smallest part in exposing a scientific fraud. Show me that I'm wrong and tell us about some.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Yes but the glory for furthering the fraud is so great, and things like Tenure and large Grants make the risk worth it.  Don't be stupid. Are you claiming that all scientists are dishonest? Obviously you don't understand the process of grants or how much money these scientists actually make.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  I mean, its all a matter of interpretation anyway.  No, it's not. Only if you haven't bothered to educate yourself in the fundamentals could you ever make such a statement. The "literal" interpretation of the Bible is a matter of interpretation.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And an evolutionary scientist today has a whole industry of other evolutionists who will cover for them because in the end, defeating Creationism and supporting evolution is all that counts.  Don't be stupid. Every evolutionary scientist today tries to show that other evolutionary scientists are wrong by finding a new explanation for the data. That's how you make a name in your field.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  But as a layman you don't see that and assume that everyone in that INDUSTRY is seeking the truth.  But I'm not a layman and no one in science thinks that they are seeking the truth. Science attempts to explain  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  But here's the rub, THEY ARE NOT. THEY ARE SEEKING TO SUPPORT A PRECONCEIVED OUTCOME AND THAT ISN'T SCIENCE. IT'S A MANUFACTURED BELIEF SYSTEM.  That was a pretty good description of creationism.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  No I'm not. And it's discoveries and observations from within all of these other sciences that if you did a research study on, you would find not only contradict, but prove that evolution is a fraud and manufactured belief system.  Then present some of those discoveries and observations. This isn't the first time that I have asked, but you always fail.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  IT MUST BE GREAT TO USE THE EVIDENCE THAT SUPPORTS ONES SCIENCE AND BURY WHAT DOESN'T, HUH ?  Examples, please. Flatulence just doesn't make the grade.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Because that is precisely what evo has done since the beginning. If it conflicts with evo they never publish that connection, but if it can be made to appear to, they will market it like it's the missing link. Really. Give us one example for each of the last 10 years.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  You're the evolutionist, you check it out.  I am an evolutionist and I have checked it out.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And here's where to look. In the course of reading and watching news releases about scientific discoveries and observations in many branches of science over the years, discoveries and observations have been made that directly fly in the face of evo claims. And after that initial release by the branch that made the discovery, it is never mentioned, catalogued or added to the volumes of info that disproves evo at all.  I'm not sure what you are claiming, but perhaps you can give us one example for each of the past 10 years.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  No one is keeping that file for public consumption.  Actually, they are. Observations that conflict with evolutionary biology are being cataloged and studied by evolutionary biologists. Why wouldn't they wish to correct our understanding of reality?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And evo itself has made many many observations and discoveries that conflict with their preconceived notions and in every case, if it can't be fit into their construct of deceit then it is buried never to be referred to again.  Again, please give an example for each of the last 10 years for any such observation.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  That sir is the epitome of deceit and fraud.  Actually, unless you can offer the examples requested above, your are the epitome of deceit and fraud. Put up or shut up.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Understood, and with legitimate sciences that principle has worked fine and is even necessary for moving forward and remaining open to new discoveries.  So you are saying that when the science of geology states that the earth is 4.56 billion years old, and that life first appeared 3.8 billion years ago, or when cosmology and astrophysics state that the universe is 13.7 billion years old, you have no problem with that?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Why would you think that I don't get that ?  Exactly! You don't get it. (No space before a question mark if you are even semi-literate).  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  But ask yourself this pandion, what if a science is founded on a completely fictional lie ?  What lie is that? The lie that we can actually learn about our universe? . Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  How can the evidence support that unless it is manufactured from the very beginning ?  support what? You are talking babble.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And that is why i constantly refer to evo as a fraud because it was founded on false assumptions and preconceived notions that are FICTION.  So logic and experimentation are false and preconceived? And somehow, belief in the mythology of two creation stories and a global flood are not? Are you completely daft?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Therefor any info gleaned in support of it is false and manufactured.  Absolute tripe!  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  EXAMPLE: Islam is a 1500 year old cult where as Jehova Witness is less than 100 years old.  And christianity is a 2000 year old cult. So what?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  But just because islam is older and has more members, does that then make it any less a cult ?  Exactly!  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Not on your life. They are both founded in lies and deceptions.  All three, in fact. Why should we believe otherwise?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And so it is with evo. It is a cult based in and founded on lies and preconceived notions.  Name them.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And it is followed like a religion by people like you who place all of your faith in it as truth as you kneel at the alter of this fraudulent science.  Nope. Evolution is not my religion. I have never known anyone who thought that a field of science was their religion. I have no faith in science since faith is based on no evidence. Science presents evidence and then explains it as best we can.  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  This too is a lie. If you really possessed the scientific mind that you claim, and had the ability to honestly discern fact from fiction, you would find that in the volumes of real archeological discoveries made in the Holy Land, completely support what is found written in the bible.  Please show were I claimed to possess a scientific mind. Can you ever actually deal with the truth? Must you always misrepresent?  Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Completely, 100%. I don't follow fairy tales pandion. Yes you do. You think that the two creation stories of the Bible and the flood story are true. Those are both no better than fairy tales if you think they are fact. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  I'm not needy or hungry for lies to fill my life. Every one who ever told me about Jesus before receiving Him myself was told hey, I was born a moslem and I'll die a moslem. Then you are more pathetic than I ever imagined. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  All the while I wanted to know the living God but I had no desire to convert to Christ. But I met Him and know that He is alive and well and as real as you are. But He is God and now dwells within me. So I'm not believing a man made fairy tale, but you are my friend. I don't really care about your delusions. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Again with the judgments and assumptions that you cannot reasonably know. I too am a college graduate and understand the principles of evo. No, you don't. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  But I insist on asking the hard questions that evo doesn't allow a student to ask so I am a heretic of sorts. Then please as those hard questions. We haven't seen them yet. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  What you sheeple don't understand is that as long as you follow the party line and never insist on asking these very legitimate questions then evo can never be considered a true and valid science. I'm going to have to get another irony meter! You call us sheeple? You think that we follow a party line in a profession that rewards the overthrow of accepted theory? Grow up. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  And yet in every post, you and (or) your ilk mock me as a backward simpleton who must hold onto myths to sustain my insignificant existence in this life. Your christian persecution complex is noted. Please show that you are not a simpleton by supporting the assertions above - you know 10 of each. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  As if believing a lie is better than facing reality. You tell me. Is it? Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  A more shallow and ridiculous argument I can't even imagine, as the truth is everything to me, and the end result of the search I started as a child. And still childish. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Absolute truth does exist pandion and I've discovered it. And that is what I share here. Everyone who receives it must decide if I'm a liar, a lunatic, or if I have truly met the living God of Creation. Absolute truth doesn't exist and I'll go with the second option. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  That is what is called personal responsibility on your part. Don't be stupid. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  accept and receive or deny and reject. Then I reject mythology based on ignorance. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  The choice is yours, but as for me, I have shared His truth and that is all that matters to me. Well, good for you. The go in peace and stop making yourself look foolish. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  Again, by swearing allegiance to the religion of evo, you by definition deny the creation account of our existence. But my religion isn't evolution. I don't swear allegiance. Please show me some evidence that evolution is wrong. I deny the creation account because it is mythology that only the stupid would believe as literal. Quote: Originally Posted by Archangel  All of these who insist that they are good Christians, who happen to accept evo for how we got here will be held accountable for evey person they have supported that lie to someday. You can't have it both ways pandion. God does not compromise with the truth. Yeah, right. Everybody but you is going to hell. How pompous can you be?  I'm going to skip the rest of the clap trap, since none of it is actually of any intelligence to merit a response in the first place. I've wasted my time to this point, but I'm worn out by the hubris and ignorance. The semi-literacy wears on one so much. __________________ "In a moment I'll take a moment to discuss moments, but for the moment I'll say a few words about..." --Engineering Physics professor at Texas A&M University
Well, I won't argue with that. Modern Christians are nothing like early Christians. Christian fundamentalists, however, make a mockery of Christianity that St. Augustine would have been embarrassed by. Their complete inability to understand science makes it seem that Christians are XXXXXX. Well, indeed, some of them are XXXXXX. However, these lunatic extremists give the rest a bad name.  ** Funny you should say that. In fact, it was Augustine's dualist Manichaean ontology, cosmology, and their pursuant ethics/morality, that reformed, and continues to dictate, the basis of fundamentalist xtian thought. Both in the RC church and in all literalist, fundamentalist, "faith-based" protestant sects and denominations.  The last real christian was Pelagius, who was persecuted by the Augustinian faction as a heretic. People like archie are Augustinian/Manichaean to the core. Augustine was, intellectually, the anti-christ, and so are all of his modern disciples,-- from the modern popes, [John XXIII a strong exception], all the way to the self-righteous, self-proclaimed, "christians" of right-wing USA.
Well, whatever, now, what was the scientific evidence you wanted to adduce to demonstrate teleological mechanisms in evolution?  ** Well, why don't we start with the fact that when organisms do adapt to novel circumstances, they adapt to the specific circumstances that are proximate and immediate to them, every single time. Oh, right, they just 'got lucky', didn't they?!? Just happened to have the winning genetic lottery ticket saved up from way back when. Get real, and learn to be courteous while you're at itl.
So, Archangel. You have no response to me? Have I frightened you with my talk of converting you? If so, that is a good sign - it means you are afraid of the strength of your faith being too small, and that is always good when an atempt is made to get someone out of beliefs like yours (as I know from experience). Always keep a healthy dose of doubt while considering your religon and what your religious teachers tell you, and watch for the half-truths and the outright lies that are told to you - educate yourself on criticisms of your religion and criticially examine it against those criticisms.  Oreo, I'm a graduate of Bible College so have studied every objection you can raise. I have also studied the historical and irrefutable evidence for what I believe. And what am I supposed to respond to as you haven't said anything worthy of a response. Am I supposed to respond to you saying you're happy as an atheist ?   Well then I'm happy that you're happy. Wallow in your emptiness because that, and a bitter heart and soul is all your beliefs will get you in the end. You have so little understanding of the richness that comes with a personal relationship with the Lord. You act like I was brainwashed by men/teachers when I was saved by God directly who led me to Himself and filled me with His unconditional love.   I have never submitted to a church, Pastor or teacher without my objective and critical mind judging everything they said as it compared to the Word of God and the Holy Spirit within me who is my Teacher and also God's own spirit. I know you want to believe all Christians are brainwashed or something, but it is the atheist who has actually been deceived and is living the lie.
Try and stay on topic Oreo, and current too. And why should I rehash month old debates with a troll who didn't even bother registering to participate in the debate ? I will say this though, You're as dishonest as those who accused me of purposely posting hoaxes. But believe what you like as it has no affect on my life at all. emoticon_xangel
I'm not so sure about that.  Respond to this then if you can H_I_M.  Scientific Evidence for a Worldwide Flood Part Four of a Five-Part Series on The Age of the Earth.  http://www.earthage.org/EarthOldorYoung/scientific_evidence_for_a_worldwide%20flood.htm   Two Vastly Different World Views, with Vastly Different Conclusions: Let's not kid ourselves. What this is all about is whether or not the Old Testament book of Genesis (along with the rest of the Old Testament, and the New Testament) is an accurate account of what happened around 4600 years ago with regard to a worldwide flood, and about 6000 years ago, with regard to Creation itself.  Was virtually all of the sedimentary strata laid down by a single Worldwide Deluge in a short amount of time, or is the evolutionary scenario of slow change, acting over eons of T-I-M-E, and the associated Geological Time Chart (with its millions and millions of years) a more accurate account of Earth history?  It's also about God's future judgment of mankind. That's because Jesus Christ, Himself, related the Great Flood of Noah's day to His own return to earth to reign over it and the people in it. See Luke 17:20-27, 19:11-27; John 5:22-23, 12:32, and Rev. 20:4-15.  Let's Look at the Evidence: The following are 18 Evidences of either massive flooding and erosion, extremely rapid layering of strata, or direct evidence of a Worldwide Flood. Such evidences are found in numerous places on virtually every Continent.   Polystrate Fossils:  One of the strongest pieces of evidence for a worldwide flood is the existence of what Rupke termed "polystrate fossils." Such fossils are found all over the world. They usually consist of fossil trees that were buried upright, and which often traverse multiple layers of strata such as sandstone, limestone, shale, and even coal beds. 1,2,3,4 They range in size from small rootlets to trees over 80 feet long. 3 Sometimes they are oblique in relation to the surrounding strata, but more often they are perpendicular to it. For example, at Joggins, Nova Scotia, polystrate tree (and root) fossils are found at various intervals throughout roughly 2,500 feet of strata. Many of these are from 10-20 feet long, 5,6 and, at least one was 40 feet long. 5,6,7   Very few of these upright fossil trees have attached roots, and only about 1 in 50 8 have both roots and rootlets attached. Such trees, and their -- more often than not -- missing roots, are discussed in much more detail in The "Fossil Forests" of Nova Scotia. 9 Likewise, many (if not most) of the large, fragmented, and broken-off Stigmaria roots are also missing their rootlets. 9   Many of these roots and rootlets, are also buried individually. 9 This strongly suggests that these trees did not grow in the same places where they were buried, but rather were uprooted and re-deposited there.   Similar circumstances occur at various other places in Nova Scotia, as well as in the United States, England, Germany, and France. Another place where large tree stumps are preserved without their roots attached is Axel Heiberg 10,11 Island in Northern Canada.  And although there is much data on buried trees in the geological literature, most of it is over 100 years old, and difficult to access. One of the few articles on this subject was by Rupke, and in it he comments that:  "Personally, I am of the opinion that the polystrate fossils constitute a crucial phenomenon both to the actuality and the mechanism of cataclysmic deposition. Curiously a paper on polystrate fossils appears to be a 'black swan' in geological literature. Antecedent to this synopsis a systematic discussion of the relevant phenomena was never published. However, geologists must have been informed about these fossils. In view of this it seems unintelligible that uniformitarianism has kept its dominant position." 12  With regard to Rupke's observation, I suspect the reason why such is (still) the case has more to do with one's personal bias against the concept of a Creator / God to whom we might very well have to give account than to the ever-mounting evidence against the theory of evolution and the millions of years old Earth that it requires (to appear plausible). However, T-I-M-E is simply not enough: not even BILLIONS of years of it.  See also The Organic Levels of the Yellowstone Petrified Forest 13 and The Yellowstone Petrified "Forests" 14 by Harold Coffin.  The Fossils Themselves:  Fossils don't form on lake bottoms today, nor are they found forming on the bottom of the sea. 15 Instead, they normally only form when a plant or animal is buried soon after it dies. 16 Therefore, the fossils themselves are evidence of a catastrophe such as a flood or volcanic eruption that took place in the past. See also Rapid Petrification of Wood, by Andrew Snelling.  Clastic Dikes: According to Austin, a clastic dike is "a cross cutting body of sedimentary material which has been intruded into a foreign rock mass." 17  "These dikes...(may) penetrate horizontal sedimentary strata (or) they may occur... in igneous and metamorphic rocks. The process of formation of a clastic dike is analogous to wet sand oozing up between ones toes, but on a much larger scale." 17 Clastic dikes present a problem to the "mythions of years" mindset of evolution in that massive "older" sediments are found intruding up into overlying younger strata. This must have occurred while the "older" sediments were still in a plastic state.   What took these "older" sediments so long to become hard?  One would think that a million years would be more than enough time to turn massive sand laden sediments into sandstone, yet we have an example of sediments which are said to be 80 million years older than those above them, and yet they still had not become hard, but were in a wet and plastic state when an earth movement caused them to be forced up into the (supposedly much) "younger" sediments. Such things not only present serious problems for the evolutionary method of "dating", but also tell us that something is wrong with the millions of years mindset of evolutionary theory itself, and thus cause strongly suspicion that we are not being told the truth by the mass media, nor the "Scientific" community of believers in evolution. 17,18,19   Mt. St. Helens:  Three separate eruptions produced sedimentary-type layers hundreds of feet thick. One of these was a hurricane velocity deposit that produced thousands of thin laminations up to 25 feet thick 10,11,12 The third eruption was a lava flow, which turned into a hot mud-flow as it crossed the Toutle River. This hot mud flow not only diverted the river, but carved a 17 mile long series of canyons (up to 140 feet deep) in a matter of hours. They call it the Little Grand Canyon of the Toutle River." 20,21,22 And to this very day, the neither the mass media, nor any popular "science" publications have told the public what happened. 23 For more on this see Mt. St. Helens: Evidence in Support of Biblical Catastrophe.  Palouse Canyon:  In Eastern Washington State there is a canyon that was eroded through solid basalt by Lake Missoula floods in 1-2 days. This canyon is 300 to 500 feet deep. See references below for more information. 24,25,26,27,28   Observations at an Australian Beach:  At Greenmount Beach on the Gold Coast of Queensland, an interesting thing occurred: "clear laminations, or layering, in the sand--formed by the separation of normal silica-sand grains and smaller, denser mineral sand-grains such as rutile which are dark in color.. The layering was present along the whole sand mass exposed." 29 Emphasis Added  "This was produced as a result of a beach restoration project (which involved) the dredging of sand from (a) sand bar (on) the Tweed River and carrying it by ship several kilometres north to the southern Gold Coast beaches, where it was pumped ashore as a water/sand slurry through a large pipe to the beach." 29 See also Talking About Geology / Varves. 30 Emphasis Added  Spontaneous Sorting of Layers:  Laboratory experiments have shown that spontaneous sorting and layering occurs with a sand, mud and clay slurry. When the mixture slows down, the sand, mud and clay will spontaneously precipitate (settle out) and form individual layers. Dr. Guy Berthault has performed a number of experiments which demonstrate this. 31,32,33 Those who wish to see for themselves, may do so by simply ordering one of the following videos : Evolution: Fact or Belief? Or Experiments in Stratification.   Turbidity Currents:  A turbidity current is an underwater mud flow, the discovery of which caused somewhat of a revolution in geology. As a result, many sedimentary strata layers throughout the world have been reevaluated and found to be turbidites. 34,35,36,37,38,39,40  For example, regarding turbidites and the impact they are having on modern Geology, Kurt Howard, 41 said the following in his paper on this topic:   My physical geology professor said, "Regarding uniformitarianism, you can take it with a grain of salt." After reviewing geology texts on the subject of turbidites, I am following the courageous professor's advice. To paraphrase his words, I am taking uniformitarianism with a grain of sand, for the philosophy of uniformitarianism states that sedimentary layers form over many millions of years, while ... recent research has shown that turbidites form within a few hours. {1} Emphasis Added  In 1972 Burgert identified several lower basal Tapeats units as turbidites in Grand Canyon's Cheops Bay. Dr. Ariel Roth a geologist at Loma Linda University's Geoscience Institute, suggested that 30% of all sedimentary rocks in Grand Canyon are turbidites. Some geologists suggest that 50% of the world's sedimentary rocks might be turbidites. Emphasis Added  Modern geologists discarded the terms flysch sediments and geosyncline because rapidly formed megathick flysch is incompatible with uniformitarianism and long ages. However, in the last few years, the number of geologists abandoning the classical uniformitarian discipline and adopting the new catastrophism is almost a shock to ... creationists. Geologists are finally beginning to grudgingly agree with ... creationists about the nature of the stratigraphic record, which is a record of major catastrophic events and not the slow year-by-year buildup suggested by uniformitarianism. Flysch deposits might be the sedimentary results of a global flood. The idea of geosynclines is unpopular because most geologists believe in plate tectonics. Emphasis Added  Extensive Strata and Pancake Layering:  As we observe sedimentary strata throughout the world we see almost everywhere flat-lying (or "pancake") layered strata. Many of these layers are so extensive that they cover several states. Evolutionists believe that such layers were deposited slowly over millions and millions of years, or that they are simply "river" deposits or river deltas. 42,43 Creationists, and a growing number of geologists see problems with such interpretations. 44,45 First because there is virtually no evidence of erosion between the layers, and second, because the sheer size and extent of the strata suggests that the layers were neither formed by rivers, or river deltas. That's because many of the "layers" are quite thick, and cover (literally) hundreds and even thousands of square miles, and in many instances are the size of the state of Utah, or even larger.  This, coupled with the presence of marine fossils that are buried in many of the layers, tells us that they were deposited by ocean currents (i.e. from a major, major Flood), like nothing we have ever seen before.  We can say for certain that it was the ocean (as opposed to a lake) because of the marine fossils that are buried in much of this strata. For example, in the Grand Canyon area itself, old Earth geologists have said that the Ocean swept over the whole area on six different occasions. Young Earth geologists say it was probably only once.  A "Whale" of a Fossil:  Or should we say "a fossil of a whale? It's true, but what is most interesting about it is how it was buried. In 1976, workers from the Dicalite division of Grefco inc. found the remains of a baleen whale entombed vertically in a diatomaceous earth quarry.   "They've found fossils there before; in fact the machinery operators have learned a good deal about them and carefully annotate any they find with the name of the collector, the date, and the exact place found. Each discovery is turned over to Lawrence G. Barnes at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County. The Whale, however, is one of the largest fossils ever collected anywhere... (It) is standing on end.. and is being exposed gradually as the diatomite is mined. Only the head and a small part of the body are visible as yet. "The modern baleen whale is 80 to 90 feet long and has a head of similar size, indicating that the fossil may be close to 80 feet long. 46,47  More Fossil Whales:  "In bogs covering glacial deposits in Michigan, skeletons of two whales were discovered ... How did they come to Michigan in the post-glacial epoch? Glaciers do not carry whales, and the ice sheet would not have brought them to the middle of a continent... Was there a sea in Michigan after the glacial epoch, only a few thousand years ago?" 48 "Bones of Whale have been found 440 feet above sea level, north of Lake Ontario; a skeleton of another whale was discovered in Vermont, more than 500 feet above sea level; and still another in the Montreal-Quebec area, about 600 feet above sea level..." 48  Marine Fossils In The Mountains:  In Mountains all over the world one can find sea shells and other marine fossils. These include the Sierras, the Swiss Alps, the Himalayas and many more. 49,50,51,52,53 For more on this subject see the following video 54 by Dr. Walter Brown.  Frozen Mammoths:  Frozen mammoths and Mammoth bones are found in large numbers in Siberia, Alaska, and Northern Europe. Some of these were in such good preservation that Eskimos would feed their dogs meat from them when they became exposed due to melting ice and snow: that is, if wolves didn't get their first. For those who want to know more see: Frozen Mammoths.   Fissures In The Rocks:  In caves and fissures in England and Whales and all over western Europe are found bones and bone fragments of many types of extinct and extant animal species -- including the mammoth, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, horse, polar bear, bison, reindeer, wolf and cave lion. In virtually every case, the bones are disarticulated, without teeth marks, un-weathered, and in most cases broken and splintered. 55  "In the rock on the summit of Mont de Sautenay -- a flat-topped hill near Chalonsur-Saone between Dijon and Lyons -- there is a fissure filled with animal bones. 'Why should so many wolves, bears, horses, and oxen have ascended a hill isolated on all sides?' asked Albert Gaudry, professor at the Jardin des Plantes. According to him, the bones in this cleft are mostly broken and splintered into innumerable... fragments and are 'evidently not those of animals devoured by beasts of prey; nor have they been broken by man. Nevertheless, the remains of wolf were ... abundant, together with those of cave lion, bear, rhinoceros, horse, ox, and deer... Prestwich thought that the animal bones... were found in common heaps because, '... [they] had fled [there] to escape the rising waters.'" 55,56  Erratic Boulders:  All over Europe and North America are found extremely large "boulders" which were transported many miles by some mysterious force -- the most likely of which is a massive flood that swept over the Continents. Concerning these Velikovsky writes :   "Some erratics are enormous. The block near Conway, New Hampshire, is 90 by 40 by 38 feet and weighs about 10,000 tons, the load of a large cargo ship. Equally large is Mohegan Rock, which towers over the town of Montville, in Connecticut. The great flat erratic in Warren County, Ohio, weighs approximately 13,500 tons and covers three quarters of an acre; the Ototoks erratic, thirty miles south of Calgary, Alberta, consists of two pieces of quartzite 'derived from at least 50 miles to the west,' [and weighs] over 18,000 tons." 57  Was the Flood Local or Worldwide?  In the late 60's and early 70's:  "Two American oceanographic vessels pulled from the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico several long, slender cores of sediment. Included in them were the shells of tiny one-celled planktonic organisms called foraminifera. While living on the surface, these organisms lock into their shells a chemical record of the temperature and salinity of the water. When they reproduce, the shells are discarded and drop to the bottom. A cross-section of that bottom ... carries a record of climates that may go back more than 100 million years. Every inch of core may represent as much as 1000 years of the earth's past." 58 Emphasis Added  "The cores were analyzed in two separate investigations, by Cesare Emiliani of the University of Miami, and James Kennett of the University of Rhode Island and Nicholas Shackleton of Cambridge University. Both analyses indicated a dramatic change in salinity, providing compelling evidence of a vast flood of fresh water into the Gulf of Mexico. Using radiocarbon, geochemist Jerry Stripp of the University of Miami dated the flood at about 11,600 years ago." 1 To Emiliani, all the questions and arguments are minor beside the single fact that a vast amount of fresh melt water poured into the Gulf of Mexico. 'We know this,' he says, 'because the oxygen isotope ratios of the foraminifera shells show a marked temporary decrease in the salinity of the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. It clearly shows that there was a major period of flooding from 12,000 to 10,000 years ago... There was no question that there was a flood and there is no question that it was a universal flood. 58 Emphasis Added "Emiliani's findings are corroborated by geologists Kennett and Shackleton, who concluded that there was a 'massive inpouring of glacial melt water into the Gulf of Mexico via the Mississippi River system. At the time of maximum inpouring of this water, surface salinities were... reduced by about ten percent." 58   The Black Sea Speaks:  "Science... has found evidence for a massive deluge that may ... have inspired Noah's tale. About 7,500 years ago, a flood poured ten cubic miles of water a day -- 130 times more than flows over Niagara Falls - from the Mediterranean Sea into the Black Sea, abruptly turning the formerly freshwater lake into a brackish inland sea." 59 Emphasis Added  "In 1993, William Ryan and Walter Pitman of Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory dug up cores of sediment from the bottom of the Black sea. The cores showed that the sea's outer margins had once been dry land, indicating it had been two-thirds its present size. Furthermore, over the entire sea bottom was a thin, uniform layer of sediment that could only have been deposited during a flood. The researchers also found that within that layer saltwater mollusks appear, all from the Mediterranean and all dating from around 7600 years ago." 59 Emphasis Added   Miracle or Worldwide Flood?  "Such a hypothesis would require assumption of a highly unlikely pattern of faunal migrations, where swarms of species of Manticoceras are followed, everywhere at the same distance and the same time interval, by swarms of species of Cheiloceras, the two waves preserving their separate identities on a staggered mass migration around the world ... without evolutionary changes and without ever becoming mixed..." 60 Emphasis Added  "It would be easy to repeat this investigation for almost every critical zone fossil or fauna throughout the geological column for hundreds, perhaps thousands of... cases. The conclusions would be the same. In the words of Jeletsky (1956) we would have to 'invoke a miracle', if, for example, we were to assume anything but world-wide contemporaneous deposition for each of the 55 ammonite zones of the Jurassic. Not all of them occur everywhere, but wherever two or more are found in superposition they occur in the same order. 60 Arkell (1957, p. L112) 61 summarized the picture of ... Mesozoic ammonoids as follows: Emphasis Added  'Evolution is above all very uneven. Certain periods were outstandingly productive of new and verile forms which often seem to have sprung into existence from nowhere ... and to have become dominant almost simultaneously over a large part of the world ...   How such sudden multiple creations were brought about is a task for the future to determine.'" 60,61 Emphasis added    Worldwide Chaos and Out of Order Fossils: The following excerpts provide further evidence that something is amiss with the Geological Time Chart and the associated Theory of Evolution itself. "I regard the failure to find a clear 'vector of progress' in life's history as the most puzzling fact of the fossil record." 62   And that:  "Heretofore, we have thrown up our hands in frustration at the lack of expected pattern in life's history -- or we have sought to impose a pattern that we hoped to find on a world that does not really display it... If we can develop a...theory of mass extinction, we may finally understand why life has thwarted our expectations, and...extract an unexpected ... pattern from apparent chaos." 62 Stephen Jay Gould Emphasis added.  "One of the ironies of the evolution-creation debate is that the creationists have accepted the mistaken notion that the fossil record shows a detailed and orderly progression..." 63 David M. Raup Emphasis added.  "only 15-20% of the earth's land surface has even 3 geologic periods appearing in 'correct' consecutive order." 64 John Woodmorappe Emphasis added   "Any sequence in which an older fossil occurs above a younger one is stratigraphically disordered ... disorder may be from millimeters to many meters ... (and) is produced by the physical or biogenic mixing of ... sediments ... Since these processes occur to an extent in virtually all sedimentary systems, stratigraphic disorder at some scale is probably a common feature of the fossil record." 65 Emphasis Added   "The extent of disorder ...is not well documented; however, the widespread occurrence of anomalies ... suggest that disorder should be taken seriously..." ref. 61 p. 234. W. J. Arkell. Emphasis added   "Examination of Britain's record of the Ice Age levels discloses a 'complex interbedding of drift sheets derived from different sources.' 'When we add the additional complications imposed by thin drifts, scanty interglacial deposits, and the frequent presence in fossil-bearing beds of secondary [displaced] fossils derived from the reworking of older horizons, we get a truly difficult overall problem ... All in all, British glacial stratigraphic research has encountered exceptional difficulties,' writes R. F. Flint, professor of geology at Yale University. 66,67 Immanuel Velikovsky Emphasis added  A Note about "Problematica":  "Problematica" is the "code word" Paleontologists use to describe out of order fossils, or those that are not easily placed, or that are "mixed" in with one's they shouldn't be with.   If one were to perform an internet search on this word he or she may be surprised at how many web pages there are on it: especially considering that the word isn't even in the Dictionary: at least not an English one.  For more on this see: Sea-Sloths and Out of Order Fossils.   For those seeking more information on this Worldwide Flood which almost certainly did occur, or how a Boat with Thousands of Animals onboard could possibly have survived Here is a link that may answer some of your questions. If not, feel free to email the author, or to take the IQ test.
This has quite a lot to do with what you have claimed as to critical thinking. Obviously you have shown none. So, in your view, bringing up any sort of evidence that contradicts your claims are "troll"ing. :xbanghead You shouldn't be so sensitive, Archangel. As to me not registering, I like to investigate boards first to see if they are even worth posting in, not to mention the fact that the others had you aptly handled in that issue.    So, what, did you accidentally cut and paste the link? do you have a sort of twitch that causes you to type in random addresses that go to hoax sites and then copy and paste them here? If not, then you purposely posted them here, and you are being dishonsest for claiming otherwise. There is no dishonesty in pointing out your errors, although I am not suprised to see that you think so - such a mindset is typical of religious fanatics.  I'm not trying to insult you, Archangel, I am just being brutally honest with you.  Sure you're not. Believe what you like, your opinion is meaningless to me.emoticon_xgood
And why is that, Archangel? Because I am an atheist?  Yes. You have nothing to offer that is edifying or positive. You preach a gospel of death and self. If you were at least seeking the truth it would be different, but you seem very committed to atheism and that means we will never relate to each other. I feel sorry for your condition but understand you will only strike back at any attempt I made to reach out to you.
By changing one word: "atheism" to "christianity", this exact statement could be made about you.  Here, I'll show you:  Unlike what I have seen of you, however, a person's personal belief doesn't affect whether or not their opinions are meaningless to me - how they argue and whether or not they use falsehoods, etc. DOES.  See what I mean ? emoticon_xgood
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  ** Well, why don't we start with the fact that when organisms do adapt to novel circumstances, they adapt to the specific circumstances that are proximate and immediate to them, every single time.    Biologists are very well aware that individual organisms adapt to their changing environments. Salmon, for example, adapt their physiology from freshwater environments to seawater ones and then back again over their life cycle, and they aren't the only fish that can do that. Arctic hares and foxes change their fur colour with the season. Some plants alter their morphology and physiology depending on whether they grow in fully aqueous or dry terrestrial environments. Bacteria selectively express different suites of enzymes in response to environmental changes. Caterpillars metamorphose into butterflies; human zygotes develop into babies; and queen ants and bees produce offspring with a variety of body types and functions. There are many known examples where one genotype can give rise to more than one phenotype, depending on stage of development and environmental conditions, and thanks to molecular genetics, we are discovering how they do it.  ** Once again, since you are so irritatingly slow to catch on, we are not discussing what biologists know about organismic biological traits, but what darwinists irrationally believe accounts for the origins of those traits. One of the major stupidities ubiquitous among you darwinians is your inability to distinguish the conservation of traits over generations, (i.e., _inheritance_, which is usually, but not always, a genetic function), from the generation of novel organismic traits, (i.e., _evolution_, which is seldom, if ever, a genetic function). By analogy, darwinists cling to the transparenly moronic belief that if you drop and break a great big number of the clay pots used to carry water, eventually a better, (for instance, shatter-proof), water-carrying pot will spontaneously generate itself. You geneticists will then do as you have just done, and claim that biologists recognise the shatter-proof qualities of the pot, and that knowledge of that property explains, all by itself, how that property originated. Little children are often more rational than you darwinists.   Quote: Oh, right, they just 'got lucky', didn't they?!? Just happened to have the winning genetic lottery ticket saved up from way back when.    Nope. They evolved to have genomes that can support phenotypic plasticity in response to environmental changes,   ** According to your notion, the correct answer is--yup!! "They evolved to have genomes that can support phenotypic plasticity in response to environmental changes [thanks to the blind luck of random genetic accident coincidently linked, in local place and time, to the random, accidental, environmental conditions that locality is/was currently experiencing]". Move along folks, no science here, just one more metaphysical claim that biosystems are changed adaptively/productively to changing environments-- by Lady Luck herself.    and natural selection is by far the likeliest explanation for how they did it.  ** "Natural Selection" is an effect parading as its own cause. It's a pseudo-scientific piece of meaningless, pretentious, humbuggery. It's a tautologous truism wherebye a meaningless fact is duplicitously passed off as a scientific principle-- for ideological motives, not for scientific reasons.   After all, organisms that can fairly swiftly adapt to inconstant environments are far more likely to leave progeny than ones that can't.  ** Gee, duh, you got that right, Einstein.   If you have evidence for a better explanation, by all means produce it so we can take a look at it. Hot air is no substitute for scientific evidence.   ** Apparently you can't tell the difference between stating a fact, as you just did, and explaing that fact in scientific terms. Typical darwinist inability to distinguish an effect from its own cause.   Further, the adaptability of individual organisms to a changing environment, which is a trait possessed by some species and not by others, doesn't explain the origin of separate species, which involves permanent genetic changes and breeding isolation.  ** One more time--that which is an observed fact can never "explain" _why_ it is an observed fact--not in biology or anything else. It is not observations of traits, but explanations for their origins and persistence over generations that concerns biology. Origins is evolution, persistence is inheritance, and the explanation for both is simply _not_ RMNS, individually or separately treated.   Lamarckism is deader than Lamarck, so far as biologists know.  ** You mean, as far as darwinists know. Modern evolutionary biology begs to differ, as more and more real scientists discover that organisms do not evolve passively, thanks to lucky genetic accidents that coincidentally correspond to local environmental demands, but are rather the dynamic action of autopoietic, self-directed biosystems responding to randomly but robustly, (and often suddenly and particularly), altered environmental conditions.   Acquired characteristics aren't usually heritable, though there might conceivably be some cases where germ cells undergo similar genetic or epigenetic changes to somatic cells.  ** Exactly.   Still, so far as I am aware, there's simply no evidence for a major role for Lamarckian evolution in biology.  ** Your ignorance is just another 'god of the gaps' assertion--as an argument it's worthless.   Quote: Get real, and learn to be courteous while you're at itl.    Pot, kettle, black. When you become courteous, you will have earned courtesy.  ** You brought your discourteous attitude with you when you joined this forum, so don't be surprised when you get back better than you know how to give.
Sounds like a rush!  What other drugs are you into?  Just the Savior of humanity which God created in His image Jill. And it's the highest High that life can offer. It's also addictive because I'm hooked for life, and when I die, I'll remain high on the eternal love of my Lord forever and a day. Just imagine, an everlasting rush that is beyond description. Although I love life, I actually can't wait to get to eternity emoticon_xangel
Once again you fail to address the question, covering your inability in a blather of empty rhetoric, so I'll be nice and repost it, in case you missed it:  What evidence is there for a teleological component to evolution, and how is it a universal disproof of natural selection?  It's simple enough. Why can't you answer it?  ** For one thing, it impossible to "disprove" something that has never been "proven" to begin with. Your, 'natural selection', being nothing but EITHER a brute fact, i.e., a natural effect of unstipulated causation, and thus a vacuous truism of no theoretical merit, OR, a hypothetical and scientically inferred universal and predictably acting causal force acting to produce original and adaptive variations in organisms, evades disproof.  If merely a brute fact, natural selection is not subject to proof or disproof, but means nothing scientific in any case, since since brute facts cannot by themselves supply an understanding of themselves or anything else they are confused for or conflated with, such as evolution itself. (see darwinian definition of 'evolution'). If natural selection is seen as the cause of evolution, then it must be proven to be a universal force of such regularity in its effects that a/the cause is distinct from the effect, the one is not the other, and the one cannot be confused for the other, and b/the cause is a single, unitary, universal, alocal force whose regularity and constancy enable scientific study and prediction. You people have never supplied any proff for B/, but simply refer to A/ as proof of B/. That's called sophistry. It's also called duplicity and deception.  Until such time as you can and do supply some honest proof for B/, natural selection will remain an unproven speculation that for that very reason is set apart from disproof. In short, it will remain metaphysical speculation and scientific garbage.  But I'm getting tired of spelling out long posts of solid fact reasoning for you to cheerfully ignore. Climb down off your high-horse and start addressing issues or prepare to be ignored. I have no time for the self-righteous true-believer, like you and archangel, who is convinced that his own faith is the only proof he need offer to support his opinions. Start debating or you go on ignore with the other failed darwindefenders.
Real scientists see no contradiction between natural selection and autopoietic systems.  ** There is no "contradiction" between natural selection and anything you can name, so nebulous and meaningless is the term.   Biological systems are self-organising, and there's nothing incompatible with Darwinian theory about them.  ** Since you can say that with a straight face, I can only suppose that have not the least clue what "Darwinian theory" stipulate. I suggest that you go to a link called, TalkOrigins", and find out for yourself just exactly what "Darwinian theory" does stipulate. You'll then (one can only hope) understand why "Darwinian theory" is totally incompatible with the view that living organisms are autopoietic, self-organizing, self-determining, dynamic, internally productive, complex systems.    They have to be self-organising. I am still curious to have you answer the question: What is the evidence for teleology?  ** You get funnier and funnier. Explain how you can divorce "self-organizing" from "teleology". Do you ever stop to think about what the words you throw around actually mean and entail? Heck, do you ever stop to think at all, or do you automatically parrot darwinist jargon?   Who or what does the "directing" of evolution?  ** The organism itself;-- as I've already told you so many times that a grade school kid would have grasped the concept by now.    How does teleology explain the origin of species in a way that Darwinian theory fails?  ** Meaningfully and scientifically.   You haven't explained any of this, and I am beginning to think you can't.  ** You do nothing but evade my points, and at this point I'm nearly convinced that evasion is all you'll ever be capable of doing.
pretty much, from what I've seen  So because I disagree with you, you will agree that I'm a hitler ? Real insightful. You just proved your agenda is one of hate and deceit Oreo. Because if the truth meant anything to you, you would have ignored the bitter and infantile attack by child like everyone else did that knows he's just lashing out because I have him on ignore and don't respond to his ignorance anymore. There's always one lapdog for hate in the crowd and I guess your it in this one. Congratulations on your great achievement.
I don't have time to cover the whole thing, so I'll just look at the "strongest" piece of evidence.  If the flood had really occurred and buried these fossils, it would seem logical to assume that it did so at about the same time. Unfortunately for the flood hypothesis, trees buried at "various intervals throughout roughly 2,500 feet of strata" were fairly obviously not covered at the same time. If they had been, the only difference in height should have been because of hills and valleys, etc.  Another thing to consider is the fact that a rapid buildup of soil that fossilized these giant trees could have also fossilized the entire ecosystem around them, preserving a worldwide snapshot of life a few thousand years ago. Somehow, I don't think that this happened, as you don't seem to be telling us about it every chance you get. Here's a suggestion: find the evidence for a worldwide mass fossilization containing organisms from 4000-some years ago, then come back and tell us about it. We may start listening to you for once. :)  Note the bolded: That is precisely what I'm saying. And here's more in regards to the same evidence you're responding to. And might I add, that for all the people here who accuse m of posting no real evidence to back up my arguments, the silence has been deafening in that you are the only person to even respond to it. http://www.earthage.org/polystrate/Fossil%20Trees%20of%20Nova%20Scotia.htm  The "Fossil Forests" of Nova Scotia: A Review of the Literature Part One Randy S. Berg  Summary of this Paper  Fossil trees are found on virtually every continent. Sometimes they are found lying prostrate on, or upright (and extending) above the surface of the ground; however, in most cases such trees are buried entirely within the strata itself, in either prostrate, oblique, or upright positions. When many upright trees are found in one location, they may be termed a "fossil forest." In the United States alone such forests have been found in Alabama, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Montana, Ohio, Tennessee, and West Virginia. Similar deposits are also found in Europe, most notably England, Germany and France. However, the most extensive such "forests" in North America are in Western Nova Scotia, near the town of Joggins. Here, along the coast of the Bay of Fundy, approximately 14,000 feet of sedimentary strata is exposed in the face of the cliffs with large sections containing upright fossil plants and trees. Very similar deposits are also in Northern Nova Scotia along the coast near the town of Sydney, and, to a lesser extent, in other parts of the Province. The beds at Joggins and Sydney consist mainly of alternating layers of sandstones, shales, coals and coaly shales, along with mudstones, and (less frequently) limestones, and clays. In many cases argillaceous material (i.e. clay) is mixed in with the shales and sandstones.   This paper examines (or rather re-examines) various individual sections of the Joggins and Sydney strata that were (at their time of publication) said to represent in situ forests which were inundated again and again by what are often referred to as localized "river" floods.  The evidence presented herein suggests that the upright fossil plants and trees found in the Nova Scotia strata were not buried in their original places of growth, but rather were uprooted by catastrophic influences, transported and re-deposited by water in this location, perhaps (if not likely) via a single event such as a Worldwide Flood. Evidence is also presented, both for and against the allochthonous and autochthonous theories of coal formation. This evidence suggests that the long-held autochthonous (in situ) theory for the accumulation of this coal may be incorrect.    Introduction :  For the past 150 years the Nova Scotia strata has been interpreted by most geologists as in situ continental deposits laid down on river flood plains. According to some, such an interpretation is "too restrictive" and others (such as myself) believe that this view is completely incorrect. One of the first things which led me to question this interpretation were the drawings themselves. It seemed strange to suggest that many of the fossil trees have "extensive root systems" yet the pictures and drawings of them do not.  The term polystrate fossil 1 is sometimes now used to describe fossil trees that are upright, in relation to the surrounding strata. Such trees quite often traverse multiple layers of horizontally deposited strata - including sandstones, shales, and occasionally even coal seams. 2 Upright plant fossils range in size from small rootlets, to trees over 80 feet long. 3 Nova Scotia, has perhaps more upright fossil trees and plants than any place on earth. At Joggins alone, erect trees and plants occur at over 50 "levels" scattered throughout 7,500 feet of strata; 4 erect roots and rootlets occur at many more "levels." 4 Drifted plants and trees also occur in many sections of this strata. These drift deposits are scattered over more than 10,000 vertical feet of strata.4,5,6 Most of the upright fossil trees at Joggins are from 2-15 feet in length. The longest was 40 feet.7 Many, if not most, of the upright fossil trees at Joggins have little or no visible traces of roots.8 In addition, many of the larger Stigmaria roots are missing their rootlets,3 and many (if not most) rootlets are buried individually: unattached to any tree, or larger root.8, 9 Fragile fossils such as leaves are also common in the Joggins and Sidney strata.10 Animal tracks, insects, and rain marks are also (sometimes) found here although they are not nearly as common. The strata at Sydney is also said to be very similar to that of Joggins. 11   Lack of Interest :  Although there is a significant amount of data on buried trees and tree stumps in the geological literature, much of it is from the 1800's and difficult to access, and the only booklets available on the subject of fossil trees are in German.12 One of the few articles on this topic was written by Rupke. In it he remarks that:  "...I am of the opinion that the polystrate fossils constitute a crucial phenomenon both to the actuality and the mechanism of cataclysmic deposition. Curiously a paper on polystrate fossils appears to be a 'black swan' in geological literature. Antecedent to this synopsis a systematic discussion of the relevant phenomena was never published. However, geologists must have been informed about these fossils. In view of this it seems unintelligible that uniformitarianism has kept its dominant position."13 ** An example of this knowledge is provided in the writings of Schrock. Consider his comment below:  "No attempt has been made to compile an extensive bibliography on the subject of buried stumps, trees, and similar structures, but the following references contain the essential literature: ..." 14  And while Schrock did provide a number of valuable references that were used in the preparation of this paper, they are nevertheless only a small portion of the available data on this subject.   Are Present Deposition Rates the Key to the Past? The a priori assumption of many geologists is that the massive flat-lying, sheet-like, sedimentary deposits which are stacked, one upon the other, and found throughout the world took hundreds of millions of years to deposit. However, such a hypothesis (known as uniformitarianism) is inadequate to account for much, if not most, of the fossil-bearing strata. Some people, who pride themselves as truth-seeking men and women of science, seem to think that they must, at all costs, force-fit their conclusions so that they always fall into an evolutionary / semi-uniformitarian / Old Earth philosophy. Others pretend as if they won the debate long ago, and that it should "hereafter never.. be questioned". 15 Unfortunately for the cause of science, this has resulted in an almost paranoia of writing anything that remotely resembles a catastrophic viewpoint. For to do so might subject one to ridicule, risk alienating colleagues, and perhaps endanger one's very career in the field of evolutionary thought - also often referred to as "science. In other words, an evolutionary view, no matter how unscientific it may be, is the only opinion that will be allowed into this debate with regard to our origin. Therefore an Old Earth is absolutely imperative if evolutionary theory is to remain viable; and those who challenge it are usually labeled enemies of "science," or "religious" fanatics in an attempt to quickly dismiss the data, and the debate itself, no matter how valid the contrary evidences may be. For if the Time-curtain is lifted all can (and likely will) see that the evolutionary house must be torn down -- leaving the entire scientific community with nothing at all to say regarding our origins, and therefore greatly reducing their (priest-like) position of societal influence.  Therefore, in an attempt to quell the debate, the only type of floods that are allowed in most of the "scientific" literature today are small localized ones. Thus, the sedimentary strata from the Coal Measures of Nova Scotia are often said to have taken many millions of years to deposit. For example, consider the following proclamation by Ferguson with regard to the Joggins strata:  "These layers of sediment were originally laid down more or less horizontally but are now tilted to the south at an angle of about 20 degrees..." with "the top of the layers to the south, so as you walk northwards up the beach towards Lower Cove you are actually passing by progressively older rocks, retracing the earth's history perhaps hundreds or thousands of years with every step." 16 **  Sir William J. Dawson, (sometimes referred to as John W. Dawson) was the author of Acadian Geology. Dawson's book provides us with what is perhaps the most detailed description of the Joggins strata in print. It was first published in 1855. Later editions followed. Dawson was a protégé of Sir Charles Lyell, and although he was a Christian who believed in a Creator and who rejected the philosophy of evolution apart from Divine intervention, he nevertheless did accept the theory of uniformitarianism, and taught that many of the upright trees at Joggins and Sydney were entombed in their original positions of growth.    Examples of Upright Trees from the Joggins area: The drawing below shows an erect tree overlying the Joggins Main Coal seam. 17 This is the only tree from the Joggins area that Dawson depicted which also has attached roots. Details with regard to its burial and their implications are discussed below.     1. Shale and sandstone. Plants with Spirorbis attached;  Rainmarks (?) 2. Sandstone and shale, 8 feet. Erect Calamites. 3. Gray sandstone, 7 feet. 4. Gray shale, 4 feet. 5. Gray sandstone, 4 feet. 6. Gray shale, 6 inches. Prostrate and erect trees, with rootlets; leaves; Naiadites; Spirorbis  on the Plants. 7. Main coal-seam, 5 ft. in two seams. 8. Underclay, with rootlets. (An erect coniferous-? tree, rooted on the shale, passes up  through 15 feet of the sand- stones and shale.) p. 198      Discussion:  The 15 foot Tree: The most obvious evidence for rapid burial is the tree itself: that it was buried before it had time to decay, and that its top is just as well-preserved as its base. The roots are about two feet long and appear to be truncated. The fact that its top was broken off is a clear indication it was taller, perhaps by another 5-10 feet. The fact that its roots appear to be truncated suggests that it may have been uprooted from its original place of growth, and re-deposited here in this strata. Note also that this tree was thought by Dawson to be coniferous. Such trees (at Joggins) are almost always found in "drift" strata, and are discussed in greater detail in Part Two of this paper.  Although it is possible that the roots of this tree were not broken off, but only appear that way because the cliff-face below the tree may have fallen out. However, if this were the case we would expect Dawson to have said so. We would also (still) expect to see small rootlets below the tree, yet these are also missing. This suggests either that there were no rootlets present or that Dawson omitted them. However, since he did record such rootlets in the underclay of level 8, and in other drawings it seems unlikely that he would have omitted them in this instance unless there were none to record.  The Calamites: Calamites are extinct segmented plants similar to Equisetum (or Horsetail). Virtually all of the Calamite fossils at Joggins are preserved as sandstone casts. In some cases the outer "bark" appears as a thin layer of carbonaceous material. The fact that Calamites are preserved as casts is an indication that they had hollow interiors. In the 1855 edition of Acadian Geology, four of the Calamites are depicted with their lower parts missing. This suggests that the Calamites also may not be in their original positions of growth but rather were part of the (marine) drift deposit of section 1. It also suggests that later drawings of this section were altered to give the in situ interpretation for the Joggins strata, and thus for the autochthonous theory of Coal formation (which requires and Old Earth) a greater degree of acceptance.  Note: It is entirely possible the later altered drawings (from 1868 on) were simply an innocent mistake; however, it is also possible that Dawson both knew about it and/or approved of the changes. This may also be the reason for his (seemingly) arbitrary division between the "Shale and sandstone" of section 1, which contained drift-plant fragments (although they are not depicted in his drawing) from the "Sandstone and shale" of section 2.  Lack of Distinct Soils: There is an absence of a distinct soil in sections 2 and 4, where the Calamites and the tree roots are entombed. This is indicated by an almost complete uniformity of the surrounding sediments, and by the fact that they are layered.  Horizontal Strata: The fact that this strata displays a high degree of lateral continuity suggests that there was little time between deposition of the layers. Even if only a few years separated each layer then we would expect to see evidence of this in the form of erosion between the layers. The fact that we don't see this suggests there was very little time between the deposition of these lamina -- perhaps only minutes. 18  Extremely Thick "Layers": The fact that sections 3 and 5 are not stratified, but rather composed of a single, homogeneous "layer" is a clear indication of rapid deposition. The "layer" in section 3 is seven feet thick. The fact that the tree crosses the entire layer negates the possibility that it was deposited slowly over hundreds or thousands of years. This strongly suggests that these (two) layers were probably laid down in a very short period of time -- perhaps only a few minutes or hours.   The Coal: Although it is not apparent from the picture above (from Schrock, ref. 14), the coal in the main seam is also layered (or stratified ) -- an indication that the coal itself was also deposited as sedimentary layers of decayed plant or animal remains. This layering is clearly evident in the detailed view of this drawing. 19, 20   If this coal was formed as a result of multiple forests, then we should see evidence of this in the form of bioturbation -- which would (in theory) erase and/or prevent stratification (or layering). This is what Dawson said with regard to the "underclays" 21 so why should it not apply to the coals as well. Furthermore, if this coal resulted from a slow-growing forest, then we would not expect fragile fossils such as leaves and fern fronds to be well-preserved within the laminations, yet they are. In fact, according to Dawson, some of the coals at Joggins are composed almost entirely of leaves.   The Mysterious 40 Foot Fossil Tree:  Dawson's account:  "Let us now endeavor to form an idea of the trees of this singular genus. Imagine a tall branchless or sparsely branching trunk, perhaps two feet in diameter, and thirty feet in height. (One has been traced to the length of forty feet in the roof of the Joggins main coal-seam )." 22 **  This is all the information Dawson provides. He doesn't say whether it was upright, or inclined, or prostate; but, he does provide one valuable piece of information: its location.  Lyell's account (of the Joggins strata) :  "Wither I went to see a forest of fossil coal-trees, the most wonderful phenomenon, perhaps that I have seen, so upright do the trees stand, or so perpendicular to the strata .... trees 25 feet high, and some have been seen of 40 feet, piercing the beds of sandstone and terminating downwards in the same beds, usually coal.." 23 **  If these two trees were one in the same, then not only was this tree upright, but it may have pierced more than just sandstone. This is because, according to Dawson: it was "in the roof of the Joggins main coal-seam." Note that the 15 foot tree pictured previously is itself in the roof of the Joggins Main seam.  We are only given two more clues. One is on page 165 of Acadian Geology (1868 Ed.) where Dawson says that there are "Erect trees at one level." The other is Dawson's drawing above where "erect" trees are at two levels. Therefore, the 40 foot tree may have been at the same level as the 15 foot tree, or it may have been with the other stumps in section 6 of Dawson's drawing (section 7 below ). Therefore, if these trees were one in the same, then the drawings below provide some idea what it may have looked like.   In either case, it would have passed through the coal seam between sections 2 and 3 above. This seam is (or was) from one to four inches thick. 24 This strongly suggests that this seam, and the strata around it, was deposited in rapid sedimentary fashion. Perhaps this is why Dawson and Lyell provided so little information about it, and why neither of them provided an illustration?  In one publication, Dawson mentioned large prostrate trunks in the roof of the Joggins Main coal seam: one of which was 30 feet long; 25 however, Dawson never said whether or not the 40-foot tree was prostrate or erect. In spite of Dawson's silence on this, it seems that some have interpreted (?) this to mean that this 40 foot tree was prostrate.26 Although this is possible, it seems more reasonable to assume that Dawson's 40 foot tree and Lyell's 40 foot tree were one in the same, and that Dawson didn't say it was prostrate because he didn't want to lie about it, yet he didn't want to say that it was upright because a tree of this size that was upright and that also traversed a coal seam would not have helped the in situ hypothesis for coal formation -- something that both Dawson and Lyell were trying hard to prove. Therefore it was simply left open to question.   If however, these two trees were not one in the same, then (from a geological perspective) it means that we know virtually nothing about the largest upright tree ever found at Joggins, since we would not even know were it was located. The fact that Lyell and Dawson provided us with so little information about it is either an indication of their bias against the evidence of catastrophic influences for this strata, or that they were negligent. This is further substantiated by the fact that (in similar fashion) almost nothing is known about the (upright) 25 foot tree found in the Joggins strata either. Was this because its lowermost section may have been embedded in limestone? 27 We may never know for certain as Dawson provided us with virtually no details -- except to say (in plain English) that is was "erect."   Note: For those who think such a long (and upright) tree as this has never been documented, I would like to introduce you to the (38 foot) tree that was discovered in similar (coal measure) strata in England. Also, in his 1966 paper on this subject, Rupke reported trees as long as 25 meters.   Marine Organisms: The fact that the marine tubeworm, Spirorbis, is found in this section strongly suggests that it was deposited under marine (or brackish water) influences. With regard to the 1- 4 inch layer of coal in (section 2) of the previous drawing, and the strata overlying it we are told that:  "The roof contains Naiadites carbonarius, Cythere, Spirorbis, fish-scales, and coprolites. The Coal is hard and laminated, and has on its surface leaves of Cordaites and vascular bundles of ferns. It is remarkable for containing scattered remains of a number of species of fishes belonging to the genera Ctenoptychius, Diplodus, Palaeoniscus, and Rhizodus. The underclay has rootlets of Stigmaria, and the bed below this has large roots of the same." 28 **  With regard to the roof strata above the lower (Main) coal seams we are told that it:  "...has afforded Sigillaria catenoides and other species, Alethopteris lonchitica, Cordaites borassifolia, Lepidodendron elegans, Trigoncarpa, Naiadites, Spirorbis, Cythere, fragments of insects. (?) The mineral Charcoal contains bast tissue, Scalariform, epidermal, and cellular tissues ... The roof is especially rich in Cordaites, sometimes with Spirorbis adherent." 29 **  We are also told that the strata immediately above the 15 foot tree contains:  "only drift vegetable fragments having Spirorbis attached..." 30  Therefore we can be certain that it was a drift deposit.    Missing Roots: Note the presence of roots in section 8, below the lower coal; however, there are none between the two seams. Why not? If the presence of roots in the lower underclay is proof of forest growth, then what does their absence indicate? Could it be that the upper coal never was a forest, but rather merely an organic drift deposit? If so, then perhaps the lower coal is too?  Out of Order Roots: In ref. 28 above we find "rootlets of Stigmaria" above a bed with "large roots of the same." If these deposits were in situ then we would expect to find the larger roots above the smaller rootlets.   Additional Comments: The fact that the marine tubeworm Spirorbis (discussed in Part II) is found in this strata strongly suggests a marine influence. The presence of leaves and insects and drifted material in the roof suggests that the roof strata cannot be an in situ deposit but rather the result of catastrophic influences. The fact that the roots of the tree (and some of the Calamites) appear to be truncated suggests that they were deposited while floating upright. The fact that the coals are laminated is also suggestive of a sedimentary origin. The lack of distinct soils and the presence of extremely thick "layers" also suggests a very rapid, and changing, depositional environment. Together this evidence suggests that this whole section of strata is of catastrophic origin.  Lets look at another section of strata that was also said to be in situ. The drawing below is of a 9 foot tree between shale (above) and coal (below), along with Stigmaria rootlets, Calamites, and the stem of an unknown plant.   After Dawson, 1854, Quart. Jour. Geol. Soc. Lon., Vol. 10, p. 21; See also Acadian Geology, 1855 and 1868 Eds.  1. Underclay, with rootlets of Stigmaria, resting on gray shale, with two thin coaly seams. 2. Gray sandstone, with erect trees, Calamites, and other stems: 9 feet. 3. Coal, with erect tree on its surface: 6 inches. 4. Underclay, with Stigmaria rootlets. (a) Calamites. (c) Stigmaria roots. (b) Stem of plant undetermined. (d) Erect trunk, 9 feet high.  Dawson believed that:  "The Stigmaria-underclay" (in section 4) "shows the existence of a Sigillaria forest, the soil of which collected sufficient vegetable matter to form 6 inches of coal, which probably represents a peaty bog several feet in thickness." 31    In Dawson's opinion this strata was deposited as follows:  "On this peaty soil grew the trees represented by the stump of ... charcoal mentioned above, and which were probably coniferous. This tree, being about 1 foot in diameter, must have required about fifty years for its growth ... It was then killed, perhaps by the inundation of the bog. During (its) decay ... Sigillariae, d, grew... to the diameter of two feet, when they were overwhelmed by sediment, which buried their roots to a depth of about 18 inches. At this level Calamites, a, and another Sigillaria began to grow, the former attaining a diameter of 4 inches, the latter a diameter of about a foot ... These plants were in... turn imbedded in somewhat coarser sediment, but so gradually that the trees with Stigmarian roots, c, grew at two higher levels before the accumulation of mud and sand attained a depth of 9 feet, at which depth the original large Sigillariae, that had grown immediately over the coal, were broken off, and their hollow trunks filled with sand..." 31 ** Note: Dawson did not include some of the trees described above in his drawing of this strata, such as the 1 foot diameter tree and the 4-inch diameter Sigillaria.  Discussion: Dawson claimed that the trees and plants in this strata were buried in their original positions of growth (i.e. in situ). Several aspects suggest otherwise. Consider the following:  Lack of Distinct Soils: The most obvious is the lack of a distinct soil in section 2. Instead there is a remarkable uniformity in the layering.   Lack of Large Roots: The small singular rootlets of section 4 are of the same size and shape as the Stigmaria rootlets (c) in the upper part of section 2. If the lower underclay did at one time support "a Sigillaria forest," it seems a bit odd that the only preserved evidence for this are tiny rootlets. One would think that at least some of the larger roots (from the 2 foot diameter trees) would have extended beyond the bottom of the coal, yet they appear to be absent.  Note: From Logan's and Dawson's bed by bed review of the Joggins strata, there appear to be a lot fewer beds containing large roots than those with "rootlets", and even fewer beds that have large roots with attached rootlets. 32   Missing Roots: It is also worth noting what Dawson does not tell us. For example, he does not tell us whether these "distinctly marked" Stigmaria roots from the 1 foot diameter tree (not depicted) had rootlets attached. This is almost certainly because they didn't, which is why he used the term "distinct" to describe how they were "marked" (i.e. Stigmaria roots get their name from the "distinct" scar marks left behind by their "missing" rootlets). Dawson also doesn't say anything about the three upright Calamite stems "a" that are missing their lower portions.  Why were the stems preserved but not the roots? More importantly, how were these stems preserved in upright position with no roots to hold them up? This suggests that these stems were buried while floating upright. The only other possibility is that their roots fell out of the cliff-face. However, if this were the case, Lyell and Dawson should have said so. The fact that they didn't is an indication that they were actually missing. Such instances are clearly depicted in the writings of Brown and are discussed later; however, unlike Dawson and Lyell, Brown readily admits that this was the case.  Missing Trees: In the above (second) paragraph describing this strata Dawson mentions "trees with Stigmaria roots, "c" that grew "at two higher levels" before being buried in mud and sand. With regard to these trees, all that was left was their small root-base. This seems odd, considering the fact that their bases are just as big, if not bigger than the "a" stem to the right.    Lack of Erosion: Except for the 6 inch layer of coal, the strata is repetitive and displays a high degree of lateral continuity. The fact that there is no erosion between the layers is suggestive of cyclic continuous deposition.  Uniformity of Direction: All except one of the stems are sloping toward the left; this suggests that a current was present during deposition.  Laminated Underclay: Although it is unclear in the drawing above, the detailed view clearly shows that the underclay in section 4 is laminated or layered. This suggests it was probably not a soil, but rather simply a layered sedimentary deposit with embedded rootlets. For if this were a soil then bioturbation should have destroyed the layering. Dawson, himself, concurred with such reasoning when he stated that:  "Beds of clay containing roots of plants in situ, and destitute or nearly destitute of lamination, are designated in the Section 'Underclays.' As these are fossil soils they will be... considered in connection with the vegetable matter which accumulated upon them." 33 ** Fragile Fossils: Dawson further tells us that: "the erect trees contain reptilian remains... and remains of insects." 34 We are also told that one of these trees was a sandstone cast which: "contained a large quantity of vegetable fragments..." in the form of "carbonized wood, leaves of Naeggerathia or Poacites?, and stems of Calamite." 35  Different Sediments: Another obstacle to the in situ interpretation of this section is the fact that these trees were filled-in with sandstone (see in-text quote of ref. 31 on previous page). How were they filled up with sandstone when the bed immediately above them (bed #1) consists of gray shale and (above this an) underclay?  Additional Comments: The fact that the underclay (with rootlets) in section 4 is laminated suggests that it may not have been a soil, but rather simply a deposit with floating upright rootlets -- or with rootlets that were "dangling" down from the plant mass above from which the coal was derived. The fact that fragile leaves were preserved along with upright stems, with no roots to hold them in place, suggests they were buried while floating upright. The fact that the trees were filled with different sediments than those which were immediately above (or around) their snapped off trunks is also suggestive of transport. Again the evidence suggests that the upright plants, trees, and rootlets in the above section are (probably) not in situ, but the result of drifted material that was washed in.  Horizontal Shear Almost all of the roots and stems to the right of the tree above have been sheared off horizontally. The 9-foot tree has also suffered the same fate. This is quite common with fossil roots and trees. If this were the result of decay, then the contact along the top (of such trees) should be uneven (or jagged) rather than flat. Rupke 36 and Hörbiger37 suggested that this might be the result of the upper (now missing) portions being frozen and subsequently "snapped" off by an incoming tidal wave. Another possibility is that they were simply snapped off by moving debris during a flood. Such a scenario is possible when considering that these trees (and their roots) were in the fragile state of being hollow (or semi-hollow), yet partially filled with sediments. This is illustrated in the diagrams that follow.   In the first set of diagrams the assumption is made that these Lycopod trees were part of large "Floating Forests" (as proposed by Scheven), 38 and that after being torn from their forest-mats they sank and began filling up with sediments. However, prior to becoming heavy-laden with sediments, they would be carried along by strong currents before coming to their final resting place. The second set simply shows how such hollow trees may have been snapped off, and subsequently filled with sediments that are different from those which surround them. 
And here's more...  The Fossils Themselves:  Fossils don't form on lake bottoms today, nor are they found forming on the bottom of the sea. 15 Instead, they normally only form when a plant or animal is buried soon after it dies. 16 Therefore, the fossils themselves are evidence of a catastrophe such as a flood or volcanic eruption that took place in the past. See also Rapid Petrification of Wood, by Andrew Snelling.  Clastic Dikes: According to Austin, a clastic dike is "a cross cutting body of sedimentary material which has been intruded into a foreign rock mass." 17  "These dikes...(may) penetrate horizontal sedimentary strata (or) they may occur... in igneous and metamorphic rocks. The process of formation of a clastic dike is analogous to wet sand oozing up between ones toes, but on a much larger scale." 17 Clastic dikes present a problem to the "mythions of years" mindset of evolution in that massive "older" sediments are found intruding up into overlying younger strata. This must have occurred while the "older" sediments were still in a plastic state.   What took these "older" sediments so long to become hard?  One would think that a million years would be more than enough time to turn massive sand laden sediments into sandstone, yet we have an example of sediments which are said to be 80 million years older than those above them, and yet they still had not become hard, but were in a wet and plastic state when an earth movement caused them to be forced up into the (supposedly much) "younger" sediments. Such things not only present serious problems for the evolutionary method of "dating", but also tell us that something is wrong with the millions of years mindset of evolutionary theory itself, and thus cause strongly suspicion that we are not being told the truth by the mass media, nor the "Scientific" community of believers in evolution. 17,18,19  
Turbidity Currents:  A turbidity current is an underwater mud flow, the discovery of which caused somewhat of a revolution in geology. As a result, many sedimentary strata layers throughout the world have been reevaluated and found to be turbidites. 34,35,36,37,38,39,40  For example, regarding turbidites and the impact they are having on modern Geology, Kurt Howard, 41 said the following in his paper on this topic:   My physical geology professor said, "Regarding uniformitarianism, you can take it with a grain of salt." After reviewing geology texts on the subject of turbidites, I am following the courageous professor's advice. To paraphrase his words, I am taking uniformitarianism with a grain of sand, for the philosophy of uniformitarianism states that sedimentary layers form over many millions of years, while ... recent research has shown that turbidites form within a few hours. {1} Emphasis Added  In 1972 Burgert identified several lower basal Tapeats units as turbidites in Grand Canyon's Cheops Bay. Dr. Ariel Roth a geologist at Loma Linda University's Geoscience Institute, suggested that 30% of all sedimentary rocks in Grand Canyon are turbidites. Some geologists suggest that 50% of the world's sedimentary rocks might be turbidites. Emphasis Added  Modern geologists discarded the terms flysch sediments and geosyncline because rapidly formed megathick flysch is incompatible with uniformitarianism and long ages. However, in the last few years, the number of geologists abandoning the classical uniformitarian discipline and adopting the new catastrophism is almost a shock to ... creationists. Geologists are finally beginning to grudgingly agree with ... creationists about the nature of the stratigraphic record, which is a record of major catastrophic events and not the slow year-by-year buildup suggested by uniformitarianism. Flysch deposits might be the sedimentary results of a global flood. The idea of geosynclines is unpopular because most geologists believe in plate tectonics. Emphasis Added  Extensive Strata and Pancake Layering:  As we observe sedimentary strata throughout the world we see almost everywhere flat-lying (or "pancake") layered strata. Many of these layers are so extensive that they cover several states. Evolutionists believe that such layers were deposited slowly over millions and millions of years, or that they are simply "river" deposits or river deltas. 42,43 Creationists, and a growing number of geologists see problems with such interpretations. 44,45 First because there is virtually no evidence of erosion between the layers, and second, because the sheer size and extent of the strata suggests that the layers were neither formed by rivers, or river deltas. That's because many of the "layers" are quite thick, and cover (literally) hundreds and even thousands of square miles, and in many instances are the size of the state of Utah, or even larger.  This, coupled with the presence of marine fossils that are buried in many of the layers, tells us that they were deposited by ocean currents (i.e. from a major, major Flood), like nothing we have ever seen before.  We can say for certain that it was the ocean (as opposed to a lake) because of the marine fossils that are buried in much of this strata. For example, in the Grand Canyon area itself, old Earth geologists have said that the Ocean swept over the whole area on six different occasions. Young Earth geologists say it was probably only once.
refuting Archie's latest posts doesn't take much:  Glacial Lakes  There, done.   Now, when can I expect my response Archie?  These posts were in response to yours. New evidence that completely refutes what you claim. And Glacial Lakes does nothing to explain it away but it's so typical for you evos to completely ignore or misrepresent that which you can't refute. emoticon_xgood
So, you're idea of addressing my points is to run to a completely different topic and throw up a bunch of random ####? Sorry, try again bub. You just performed what is known as the "Gish Gallop". If you're caught on one point, you throw up a bunch of #### at once in the hopes that the audience will be confused enough, and your opponent won't be able to refute it all in time.   Once you've addressed what I posted earlier, then you can pick one of the topics in that spam you recently posted, and I'll address it. But first addres what I've alreay posted.  Oh, and glacial lakes do indeed explain most of what you posted, as well as rock elasticity, but we'll get around to that  Well it appears we're at a standoff then. I'll get back to you when heII freezes over.
Oh, that is just perfect! I couldn't have come up with a better example of your tuck-and-run methodology if I tried.  Let all note that when asked for an example of how seeds could have possibly developed without god's guiding hand, I provided said example, completely off the top of my head using nothing but common sense. Archie here has never acknowledged any of the comments I made in that post. After multiple requests for an answering post in which he would refute my statements with something more substantial than "rationalizing an imaginary belief system", he stated he had already answered me. When I asked him to point out this post which refuted my points, he directed me to his creationist spam posted above. I pointed out that it in no way addressed any of the points I raised, and that he was guilty of the infamous "Gish Gallop". I again requested a response addressing my original post. The above, as you can see is my response.  Archie, any cred you might have had left just went bye bye...  Read it anyway you like TQ. You're the philosophical coward here so of course you would try to accuse me of not responding just because you don't like my response. Well, I'm not obligated to satisfy your definition of what a proper answer is so with all due respect, sit on it. And don't forget to do a few revolutions while your on it. emoticon_xgood :)   You've proven what you're made of by ignoring solid scientific evidence that throws a big wrench in the works of your fairy tale religion. Evidence like this:  Turbidity Currents:  A turbidity current is an underwater mud flow, the discovery of which caused somewhat of a revolution in geology. As a result, many sedimentary strata layers throughout the world have been reevaluated and found to be turbidites. 34,35,36,37,38,39,40  For example, regarding turbidites and the impact they are having on modern Geology, Kurt Howard, 41 said the following in his paper on this topic:   My physical geology professor said, "Regarding uniformitarianism, you can take it with a grain of salt." After reviewing geology texts on the subject of turbidites, I am following the courageous professor's advice. To paraphrase his words, I am taking uniformitarianism with a grain of sand, for the philosophy of uniformitarianism states that sedimentary layers form over many millions of years, while ... recent research has shown that turbidites form within a few hours. {1} Emphasis Added  In 1972 Burgert identified several lower basal Tapeats units as turbidites in Grand Canyon's Cheops Bay. Dr. Ariel Roth a geologist at Loma Linda University's Geoscience Institute, suggested that 30% of all sedimentary rocks in Grand Canyon are turbidites. Some geologists suggest that 50% of the world's sedimentary rocks might be turbidites. Emphasis Added  Modern geologists discarded the terms flysch sediments and geosyncline because rapidly formed megathick flysch is incompatible with uniformitarianism and long ages. However, in the last few years, the number of geologists abandoning the classical uniformitarian discipline and adopting the new catastrophism is almost a shock to ... creationists. Geologists are finally beginning to grudgingly agree with ... creationists about the nature of the stratigraphic record, which is a record of major catastrophic events and not the slow year-by-year buildup suggested by uniformitarianism. Flysch deposits might be the sedimentary results of a global flood. The idea of geosynclines is unpopular because most geologists believe in plate tectonics. Emphasis Added  Extensive Strata and Pancake Layering:  As we observe sedimentary strata throughout the world we see almost everywhere flat-lying (or "pancake") layered strata. Many of these layers are so extensive that they cover several states. Evolutionists believe that such layers were deposited slowly over millions and millions of years, or that they are simply "river" deposits or river deltas. 42,43 Creationists, and a growing number of geologists see problems with such interpretations. 44,45 First because there is virtually no evidence of erosion between the layers, and second, because the sheer size and extent of the strata suggests that the layers were neither formed by rivers, or river deltas. That's because many of the "layers" are quite thick, and cover (literally) hundreds and even thousands of square miles, and in many instances are the size of the state of Utah, or even larger.  This, coupled with the presence of marine fossils that are buried in many of the layers, tells us that they were deposited by ocean currents (i.e. from a major, major Flood), like nothing we have ever seen before.  We can say for certain that it was the ocean (as opposed to a lake) because of the marine fossils that are buried in much of this strata. For example, in the Grand Canyon area itself, old Earth geologists have said that the Ocean swept over the whole area on six different occasions. Young Earth geologists say it was probably only once. 
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  For one thing, it impossible to "disprove" something that has never been "proven" to begin with. Your, 'natural selection', being nothing but EITHER a brute fact, i.e., a natural effect of unstipulated causation, and thus a vacuous truism of no theoretical merit, OR, a hypothetical and scientically inferred universal and predictably acting causal force acting to produce original and adaptive variations in organisms, evades disproof.    Sorry, but scientists have conducted actual experiments on microbes, plants and animals, moving them from one environment to another, and observed adaptive changes in respose to the altered environment. That is a good definition of natural selection.  ** Don't be silly. Organisms adapting is simply adaptation. Organisms adapting to novel circumstances by generating novel adaptive traits is evolution. "Natural Selection" is neither 'adaptation' nor 'evolution', although you, and who knows how many other darwinists, don't seem to grasp the very real difference in terms.    Quote: If merely a brute fact, natural selection is not subject to proof or disproof, but means nothing scientific in any case, since since brute facts cannot by themselves supply an understanding of themselves or anything else they are confused for or conflated with, such as evolution itself. (see darwinian definition of 'evolution').    But natural selection is a hypothetical mechanism that happens to have strong empirical support in many cases. If you have a better explanation, i keep asking you to explain it, but all you ever seem to be able to accomplish is yet another diatribe against "Darwinism".   ** Just as I said, you confused "Natural Selection" for evolution in your first statement. Now, admitting that "NS" is not a synonym for 'evolution', please tell us what it is . If it is simply an observation of an effect, for example, 'There are now more short-beaked diddlebops than long-beaked diddlebops, and that is 'evolution by natural selection', then NS can be dismissed as meaningless. OTH, if "NS" is said to be a real force, a unitary force acting universally and regularly to cause predictable results, (IOW, is a true scientific mechanism), then use the scientific method to demonstrate its actuality, its reality, with accurate predictions. Just remember that a real scientific prediction is not 'a sure thing', but requires an outcome that is to noticeable degree, doubtful.    As a biologist, I have to say I am not convinced.  ** As for you as a biologist, I'm not impressed.   Quote: If natural selection is seen as the cause of evolution, then it must be proven to be a universal force of such regularity in its effects that a/the cause is distinct from the effect, the one is not the other, and the one cannot be confused for the other, and b/the cause is a single, unitary, universal, alocal force whose regularity and constancy enable scientific study and prediction.     Well, for starters, natural selection needn't be the sole cause of evolutionary change,  ** Hoo boy, here come all the usual evasions, the smoke-blowing and the hand-waving. Boring!    Secondly, natural selection is itself caused by many different kinds of mechanisms, because anything in an organism's environment is likely to have some effect on the ability of that organism to reproduce, and hence on its ability to pass its traits on to the next generation.  ** IOW, you admit that "NS" does not fulfill the definition of a true scientific force/causal mechanism. It is NOT single, unitary, universal, alocal and dependable that predictable outcomes can derived from its regularity. Or to put it another way, "NS" is pseudo-scientific notionalism, a fanciful abstraction used as a label to cover everything and anything. And thus, scientifically-speaking, to mean nothing at all.   The challenge for evolutionary biologists is to try and identify which environmental factors were particularly important in the selection process. Often, they are able to do that, and then it is reasonable to call what they are seeing natural selection.  ** I'm choking on smoke in the house of mirrors.   All natural selection is, is a sieve that permits some variants to produce more offspring than others.  ** If its "a sieve" then give us its universal dimensions, and tell us what force it works with. A hint--sieves generally depend upon the force of gravity, and have pre-determined numbers of gaps of a stipulated size. That is to say that mechanical sorting mechanisms always have pre-determined and inflexible criteria of separation. Please show how this applies wrt "NS".   Of course, biologists aren't satisfied with just claiming that this sieving occurs, they attempt to find specific explanations for specific examples.  ** IOW, they have no universal force or principle; just a cute label for anything and everything that happens to happen. Here's a tip--that ain't science!   So for example, the exotic tails of many bird species have been shown experimentally to have been selected for sexually, which is one form of natural selection.   ** Nonsense. Organismic selection, when practiced in mate selection, or any other choice, is intelligent, volitional, teleological, end-directed behaviour-- just like the human 'choice' behaviours that are our acts of selection. "Natural Selection", being but a false literary trope making a forced analogy to intelligent, volitional, teleological 'selection'. Genuine choice, as sometimes practiced in 'sexual selection', has no relation, correlation, or even comparison with your notional and fake, "Natural Selection".   There is still an argument going on about the causes of the evolution of the giraffe's neck, with some arguing that intermale fighting is mostly responsible for it, others that feeding opportunities are. Both sets of hypotheses have their particular consequences, and are being examined. There are more examples of mating behaviour and sexual maturation being altered when fish are moved to or from predator-free waters, with different strategies being adopted in either case. These are all examples of natural selection.   ** More hand-waving; and see above to try and understand that what you are calling "NS", just isn't.   Quote: You people have never supplied any proff for B/, but simply refer to A/ as proof of B/. That's called sophistry. It's also called duplicity and deception.    Come off it. The biological literature is full of examples where particular evolutionary and genetic changes have been demonstrated to be environmentally selected, especially the microbial lit, where it's been demonstrated that genetic changes result in new enzyme activities in response to environmental challenges.  Again, that is natural selection.  ** No, it is NOT 'natural selection'. It's evolution. Please learn the difference.   Quote: Start debating or you go on ignore with the other failed darwindefenders.    Stick me on ignore if you like, but it would just be an admission that you have no evidence for any alternative view of evolution.  ** You can call it an admission of baby-killing for all I care. If you can't debate, I'll ignore all the rhetorical posturing you come up with.
This post contains a perfectly simple explanation of why ToE is a sham along with a challenge to any Darwinist to prove me wrong.  ToE is constructed on a fraud premise. This premise says that the fundamental unit of evolution is the gene. Whenever an evolutionist talks about "evolution" he's not talking about mere phenotypic change - he's talking about changes in genes. To a Darwinist, just because an animal changes phentoypically, or even if he passes these changes down to progeny does not mean that "evolution" has occurred. A fish could morph into a human, but if there are no changes in genes then this would not be considered "evolution." The only way evolution can happen, by their own definition, is if there is a change in genetics. This premise, I suggest is a complete and total fraud...and I will explain why now:  Let's take humans and dogs, for example. When compared side-by-side, sure enough, humans may have an assortment of genes that dogs do not - and possibly the other way around. But just because humans may have certain genes that dogs don't, does not mean that these genes cause the difference between humans and dogs. Of course, there are no "dog genes" or "human genes." But likewise there are no "tongue genes," "tail genes" or "toenail genes." Parts are not translated genes. Thus, the assertion that new genes got created or that individual genes mutated over time to chnage one kind of animal into another is blatantly false and physically impossible.  But it's worse than that.  As I said before, humans have a whole slew of genes - theoretically, at least -- that dogs (or other animals) don't have. But evolutionists still contend that these genetic differences cause the difference between the organisms! That's why they analyze DNA with such scrutiny! But did it ever dawn on them that studying genetics is a compete waste of time because of the real possibility that each dog or each human has the genes they have because of what they are? Scientists have been telling us for decades that who or what we are is determined by what genes we have...But they've got it backwards! Instead, we have the genes we have because of who we are. A dog isn't a dog because he barks; a dog barks because of what he is. Same with genes.  This, of course, spells destructin to ToE because it means genetic evolution is a fraud. Evolution, thus, should not be a theory based on changes in genes, but a theory based on changes in traits.  But scientists continue to mess around with genes and try to make the body do weird things by mutating them. They simply won't give up because they've seen correlations between gene activity and various physiological responses.  But here's where they're screwing everything up:  When you were a kid did you ever stand on your head? If so, did your face ever get red if you stayed upside down for a period of time? If so, do you admit that it was the act of being upside down that caused the blood to rush to your head? Or, do you have the audacity to claim that you were upside down because your face was red? That's excactly what science is doing with genetics: they've got the audacity to claim that changes in genes (the red face) is causing the organsim to change physiologically (go upside down.) In reality, what's happening is the organism is experiencing a new environment (turning upside down) and then the genes are responding in kind (turning red).  The only way you can prove this logic wrong is to do one of two things:  1) show me conclusively that mutations happen completely randomly and unoriented to environmental pressures.   2) show me that the same environmental pressures on genes will not produce the exact same physiological effects over and over and over.   So there it is. Go for it.
Do you ever get tired of posting garbage, watching it get refuted and then running away like a coward?  do you ever get tired of contributing nothing but brain-dead rhetoric?
I'm sure others will see the irony in this post and laugh quite loudly.  Do I need to remind you of the erosion claims you've made that you keep avoiding?   Please answer me this:  A baby bird died and fell do the ground. A time capsule my great, great, great grandfather buried was eroded to the surface.  Which one is older?  depends on when the baby bird died.  run along little boy..let the adults debate.
Four seconds ago.    Like the adults that understand what EROSION means? Or perhaps what the word STRATA? or maybe the concepts of FLUID MECHANICS?   You'll run away from all your threads. Because you're a creationist. That's what you do: flee.  why don't you address my OP, smart guy..?
No one actually addressed his claim. Many people start threads and leave them for different opinions. His history suggest he is a creationist. So? Debate his claim. Darwinist obviously lack the ability to actually prove their own theory just as creationist do. So, posting a thread where people simply attack the poster seems to declare a standoff.........?  His theory of difference in genes and traits seems to make sense. Or?  ** Actually, "posting [to] a thread [in order to] simply attack the [originator, personally]" is a clear declaration of defeat and impotence in the face of an intellectual challenge. If a poster has repeatedly shown him/herself to be unworthy of attention, they should be ignored, not personally attacked as some kind of moral failure or mental defective. But what does, "should" havbe to do with internet BB's anyway, eh?
   Anyone who believes that a fish could turn into a human without changing its genotype, please leave now.  you are sidestepping the issue: any trait that appears and gets passed on is not considered "evolution" unless there is a change of genes. For example, if a population of mice find and consume a new diet that their parents did not consume, it might reshape their jaws or teeth if they come upon this new diet early in life when their bones, teeth and jaws are moldable. As long as the diet remains available, future offspring will continue to sport these new jaws and teeth, which would be different (and beneficial) than their ancestors' jaws and teeth. But this is not "evolution" to you guys. Neither is it "evolution" if baby mice emerge with different coat colors based on what their mother ate. There is no changes in DNA, thus -- to you - no evolution. The reality is, nobody knows what the limits to biological change are without a change in genes. Gene expression goes along way. For example, every cell of your body contains the same sets of genes...but the genes in your kidneys are expressed differently than the genes in your brain. Same in different animals. Cats have the same basic eye gene that flys and other organisms do...the difference is in the way they are expressed. A change in expression is very often brought on by an interaction between the organism and it environment and has nothing to do with new genes or mutations....thus, once again -- no "evolution."  But likewise there are no "tongue genes," "tail genes" or "toenail genes."  Evidence?  yea -- silence.  Parts are not translated genes  Evidence?  yea -- silence.    You say that as if studying genetics was a waste of time.  it is. Changes in genes are not the cause of evolution any more than a key is the cause to starting your car. Starting your car takes an individual turning the key. The cause of evolution takes a "turning of the key" as well -- which is an internal or external environmental cue.  ...because of the real possibility that each dog or each human has the genes they have because of what they are?  Ah, so that is why organisms pass on traits in patterns that match the dominant/recessive patterns predicted by genetics...  doesn't follow.       Well, it might help if you could propose a mechanism for such changing traits that would stand up as well as the current model of genetic inheritance.  The mechanism is called life. Life is unscientific and unexplainable. Just because there is no materialistic explanation of how animals change does not mean we have to resort to a false and failed explanation. The fact that science refuses to test purposeful, heritable variation in real, living organisms speaks volumes. The fact that all they care to do is bury their noses in genes and play dumb that each creature operates in the context of its ecological environment also speaks volumes. Science has absolutely no desire to learn how animals really change.
Unfortunately for this delusion, science is explaining life. If it were impossible to do, biology wouldn't exist, and would have been a total failure.  Creationists. You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.  then tell me how it is when I merely think of typing keys on the keyboard that it actually happens. This, all by itself, is scientifically unexplainable. Thinking is unscientific....as is making intelligent decisions.
Hi It's Me: You say that as if studying genetics was a waste of time.  it is. Changes in genes are not the cause of evolution any more than a key is the cause to starting your car. Starting your car takes an individual turning the key. The cause of evolution takes a "turning of the key" as well -- which is an internal or external environmental cue.   I believe that the billions of hours scientists have spent studying genes will go down as mostly a colossal waste of time. The theory of evolution is changing, and instead of random actions of genes as the cause of evolution, it's the interaction of the organism with its environment.   It seems everything coming out lately contradicts ToE...and what's really interesting is the stories written in media outlets are getting more and more bold with their anti-ToE comments.  http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/05/070509205719.htm  The research, by an international consortium led by the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, revises our understanding of genetic evolution. Scientists previously thought that evolution slowly changed the genes that create specific proteins. As the proteins changed, so did the creatures that owned them.   The current research shows that opossum and human protein-coding genes have changed little since their ancestors parted ways, 180 million years ago. It has been the regulation of their genes - when they turn on and off - that has changed dramatically  "The official textbook picture of how genes work really didn't appear to be right,
Clearly it doesn't happen by physical processes, electrochemical signals being transmitted through your brain and up and down your spine, mysterious Vital Forces from Beyong Space and Time make it happen.  .   what makes these signals happen?....what makes your fingers move intelligently across the keyboard?...oh, that's right, the process of thinking. There may be signals involved, but these are merely the physical responses from the onset of the act of thought...the signals themselves don't cause the thought...just like they don't cause typing on the keyboard. Thinking does that as a result of desire or want or need or purpose...none of which are scientific. simple logic.
So you're suggesting that physical events occur inside the brain with no prior physical cause? Electrical sparks leap into existence out of nothingness? Chemical reactions occur for no apparent reason?  Why don't you prove it and win the Nobel prize?    If the signals don't cause the typing, why, if the signals are cut off, does the typing stop?     same reason your cable company is not responsible for you seeing your favorite tv program if the actors from that show go on strike. (Let's say you like American Idol) Sure, you can't see Idol without a cable connection, but this connection is not the cause of you being able to watch Simon, Paula and Randy every week. (Those 3 have something to say about whether you get to see them or not) Likewise, signals in your brain telling your fingers to move are a requirement in order for it to happen, but they are not the cause of movement; they are merely the circuit which allows it to happen. Cut off the cable, no more Paula, Randy or Simon. Cut off the signals leading from your brain to your fingers, no more movement. But neither one are causes; they're each just mediums for one source to communicate with another, and they're each downstream of the cause.  Same concept when you're talking on the phone with someone; the telephone line is not the cause of communication. The cause of communication is the dialog between 2 people; the telephone line is just the line of communication. Cut the line, no more communication -- but it does not eliminate the the source of the dialog -- which is the person on either end.
So you're suggesting that physical events occur inside the brain with no prior physical cause? Electrical sparks leap into existence out of nothingness? Chemical reactions occur for no apparent reason?  Why don't you prove it and win the Nobel prize?  Or do you agree that every physical event that occurs in the brain has a prior physical cause?  common sense does not need proof. Can you prove that you love your wife or kids?? This discussion is not a discussion of proof, it's a discussion of what's believeable. I'm sorry that you people find the mind hard to fathom, but just because something is unfathomable does not mean it doesn't exist.
emoticon_xdonno So check his posting history and find out. It's pretty simple really...  No need to check out history -- check out this thread -- it's no different than the rest of them. And it's exactly as gman said. Please notice that there's very little discussion about the content or challenges cited in my OP. Instead, now the conversation has now shifted to the mind. And what will happen is many more topics will get brought up that have nothing to do with my OP, I will get bored of arguing just for the sake of arguing and then I'll move on to something else that won't get answered. Upon that move I'll be get accused of running away from threads. emoticon_xgood It's the same thing over and over.
Superspot:  ]you are sidestepping the issue: any trait that appears and gets passed on is not considered "evolution" unless there is a change of genes. For example, if a population of mice find and consume a new diet that their parents did not consume, it might reshape their jaws or teeth if they come upon this new diet early in life when their bones, teeth and jaws are moldable. As long as the diet remains available, future offspring will continue to sport these new jaws and teeth, which would be different (and beneficial) than their ancestors' jaws and teeth. But this is not "evolution" to you guys.  What a chuckle. Of course its not evolution. Its not even the creationists misplaced microevolution. Any more than the experiment of chopping tails off mice generation after generation resulted in evolution of a new species of mice without tails. As long as you chop of the tails every generation you have tailless mice. When you stop you will have mice with tails. No evolution has in fact occurred. No heritable traits have changed. Got it?emoticon_xdonno   look...the fish thing was an exaggeration. My point was simply that all kinds of new, beneficial traits could emerge in a population, but evolutionists wouldn't call it "evolution" unless DNA was somehow involved. That's the only point I was making. And quite honestly, nobody knows how flexible each genome is because science refuses to test it.  And the tail thing is a strawman. Nobody would claim that brutalizing an animal would lead to evolution. Instead, what a lamarckist would claim is that internal responses to environmental cues may be inherited.  Weismann was a conman who propped up a giant strawman....and all of science fell for it.
SS, how bout you return to any one of the many many threads where we try to explain to you what erosion is. You know the ones, where we explain in detail a concept that is first introduced in elementary school, and you wave your hands at our "mumbo-jumbo", then run away, only to come back a week later with the exact same twaddle.  Perhaps he is becoming aware of the rapid erosion of his own position and possibly of his neurological capacity?  For someone who just joined this month and has posted only 8 posts, you seem to presume to know an awfully lot about Supersport. Could we have a stalker in our midst ? emoticon_xdonno
]  Actually I joined this afternoon. I am not a stalker and you quoted someone else and THEN my words. I only wrote the second para of your quote. I probably can post links by now - I'll try it soon. At least one poster here knows me reasonably well and evolution vs creationism (or science vs silliness as I like to call it) is a long term crusade of mine from the time I was a teen till now that I am retired. SS is hardly unique in his misdirections - I have seen each and every one previously by others of his ilk.  If you'll learn how to use quotes properly when quoting others, only your statements will be quoted by the next person. I marvel at how such supposedly smart people can't even use the tools of a forum while posting their thoughts.   And knowing someone here doesn't explain you knowing SS would "then run away, only to come back a week later with the exact same twaddle." How would a newbie possibly know that ? Me thinks you're a regular that re-registered under a new monicker. Now why would someone do that ?
chemist: Again if you have heritable traits which arose without a corresponding alteration of the genetic structure including of course epigenetics which is dependent itself upon genes for implementation.  are you denying that epigenetic traits are heritable?  SS: And the tail thing is a strawman. Nobody would claim that brutalizing an animal would lead to evolution. Instead, what a lamarckist would claim is that internal responses to environmental cues may be inherited.  Nope its no more a strawman than your rodents were.   it's a strawman for the reason I gave you. go back and read it again. If you can't figure it out then I can't help you.    An environmental variable results in an apparent phenotypic change, remove the change in the environment and the very next generation will have the same characteristics as their distant ancestors.  says who? show me the evidence. Oh that's right -- you don't have any because science refuses to test it.    There is no HERITABLE change involved so its not evolution.  I'll ask you again -- are epigenetic traits heritable or not....?     As to Lamarkists yes they claimed that animals "willed" their own evolutionary changes - the famous neck stretcher example.   biological change does not need to be a conscious decision, which is what "willed" implies. I've not heard anyone who supports a modern-day neo-lamarckian theory of evolution suggest that biological change stems from a conscious decision to change. You are only hoping this is the case because you are grasping at straws to find something illogical-sounding about purposeful, intelligent change on behalf of the organism.....and because your ToE is so absolutely laughably wrong.    But their theory failed when tested against empirical experiment.   please show me where science has disproven environmentally-induced,purposeful, heritable variation. Please -- just do that for me, will you?
It really isn't that suprising to me... Supersport has been spewing his regurgitated garbage and quote mines on countless boards - IIDB included (where I know him from - that and christianforums). It is perfectly logical that Chemist99a  has run into him on one of the many boars he spews on, and knows him from there.  lol...I posted on IIDB probably 9 months ago or more...even at that it was only for a couple weeks before the mods decided it was best that an mildly-informed creationist not be on that forum. It's probably been 6 months since I've posted on Christian forums. It's not like most everyone here posts on other forums as well. For me it's here and Carm. Join me there if you'd like.
For someone who just joined this month and has posted only 8 posts, you seem to presume to know an awfully lot about Supersport. Could we have a stalker in our midst ? emoticon_xdonno  yea, no kidding! where is electrolyte, anyway?
And the tail thing is a strawman. Nobody would claim that brutalizing an animal would lead to evolution. Instead, what a lamarckist would claim is that internal responses to environmental cues may be inherited.  Weismann was a conman who propped up a giant strawman....and all of science fell for it. I take it then you do not think genes are units of inheritance and they you think the environment as a matter of course extensively modifies geneomes directly through some unspecified mechanism and that such modifications are both heritable and the exclusive means whereby traits are inherited? Not to mention that organism somehow determines by a process of thought and conscious decison making that a specific change in its genes will be advantageous to it? For example the girafee steering commitee sits down at a table and decides that necks should be lengthened after a vote? And then orders go out to the giraffes to see to it forthwith?  Frankly I do not buy it. Bacteria for example evolve, and their level of intelligence and analytical capacity is less than stellar. Where do you postulate that the "knowldege" lies to make "intelligent" changes via phenotype plasticity or non-genetic acquistion of traits????  Giraffes were actually created with long necks. I challenge you to show me any gradual change from some other short-necked animal to a long-necked giraffe. Longer-necked giraffes may come about through sexual selection.  And the mechanism of biological change is the mind. The mind, at least in higher animals, is what senses the environment and triggers the nervous system to release hormones. We know hormones play a role in turning genes On or Off. There is no reason to disbelieve that the same hormones that turn genes On or Off in the organism can do the same thing to its developing embryo....thus, evolution.
Giraffes were actually created with long necks. I challenge you to show me any gradual change from some other short-necked animal to a long-necked giraffe. Longer-necked giraffes may come about through sexual selection. Actually they were created with very very much longer necks. But they decided it was unfashionable and by majority vote (and much mental straining) they managed to shrink em down to todays size. I dare you tod disprove that. And the mechanism of biological change is the mind. The mind, at least in higher animals, is what senses the environment and triggers the nervous system to release hormones. We know hormones play a role in turning genes On or Off. There is no reason to disbelieve that the same hormones that turn genes On or Off in the organism can do the same thing to its developing embryo....thus, evolution. Well lets see now, that would require that any system exhibitng biological change have a nervous system (not to mention a mind!) Somehow I think that you do not have an adequate explanation for plants and single celled organisms as of yet. And of course as you probably know women with no effective brain function can be maintained on life support till they give birth - one wonders how that can work? And I think you will have considerable difficulty explaining the heritability of non-specific hormonal effects. But of course if you wish to make a total idiot of yourself then its your right. As they say about Bush somewhere in Texas a Village is missing its idiot.   First of all, Chemist...if you care to carry on a dialog with me then you will refrain from referring to me as an idiot. I did not insult you.   As far as the giraffe's necks being shorter today than in the past, assuming you are correct, I would probably guess that the giraffes themselves are smaller, and thus, shorter necks. Please show me otherwise.  And to your 2nd paragraph, obviously I recognize that plants don't have minds....which is why I put the disclaimer in "at least in higher animals." Plants are not made like higher animals are and they have different sensory mechanisms.  I'm going to repeat my statemnet for you so you can attempt to answer again:  And the mechanism of biological change is the mind. The mind, at least in higher animals, is what senses the environment and triggers the nervous system to release hormones. We know hormones play a role in turning genes On or Off. There is no reason to disbelieve that the same hormones that turn genes On or Off in the organism can do the same thing to its developing embryo....thus, evolution.
No problem -- some fossil data here:  Some thoughts on how giraffes evolved long necks here:  Note especially:  And:    Then how do you explain the fact that species are characterised by differences in their genomes? Evolution is more than just turning gene on or off. When you have demonstrated how one live animal can "evolve" into a completely different species from its parents merely by "thinking" itself a new pattern of gene expression, come back and we'll talk some more. As it stands, it's science fiction.  your first link to TO is worthless. Your second link verifies my prediction that sexual selection may have something to do with it.  You can get an explanation why different animals have different genomes by referring to my OP. You have a different fingerprint than your wife or kids, don't you? If so, is it that fingerprint that causes you to be a different person? Or, are you a different person, which makes your fingerprints different? Same concept with genes. Evolutionists have gotten this whole concept backwards. Genes are not the cause of differences -- just a result of differences. This is why when animals change the actions of genes have a way of accompanying this change -- which is simply a memory device that makes the change heritable.  And sinces changes in genes are not the cause of change, genetic evolution by natural selection is a fraud....the only alternative is special creation.
 Oh and Supersport, note that the argument here is not that evolution by epigenetic modification is in principle impossible, or that an organism couldn't in principle selectively induce particular mutations or epigenetic reprogramming of zygotes or embryos, it's that there is not a shred of evidence that this is what happens.  show me where the con artists in science have attempted to prove/disprove this notion -- they've had decades to do it...they've had decades to show without a shadow of a doubt that animals don't evolve epignetically -- they've had decades to construct real tests on real animals that could put an end to the mystery --- Oh, but that's right, science isn't interested in that because it's not "evolution."    And even if these speculations turned out to have factual bases, the offspring would still be subject to Darwinian selection!   No it wouldn't. The logic behind darwinism is that organisms evolve new traits by way of natural selection -- that variation does not reside from within each individual -- that selection is the creative element. But if the organism itself is the evolvable unit, that's where the creativity lies, not selection. Nice try.      Even if a parent could direct mutations by wishful thinking, as it were,   strawman -- nobody says that.      Still, even if such mechanisms of evolution were to turn out to be real, however, they wouldn't automatically and completely displace Darwinian theory; they'd simply add another dimension to evolutionary theory. Biologists are always open to that, but you need to do a lot more than theorise to get rid of old Charles Darwin. Find the evidence for these non-Darwinian mechanisms.   wrong -- for the reason I just gave. You have constructed a little intellectual fairytale around yourself that says no matter what happens "I win, you lose." But if variation is biased from within each creature, it means individuals evolve, that each one is the creative force in evolution, and selection plays no role other than stablizing the population.
Translation: you didn't like/understand it, or you automatically discount evidence that disagrees with you. It's just a list of shorter necked giraffe ancestors. Since your dogma apparently insists on de novo Creation of giraffes, I can understand why you won't want to read about their shorter-necked fossil ancestors.    Sexual selection is a Darwinian mechanism. emoticon_xgood Actually, it's Darwinian evolutionary biologists -- not that there are any other kind -- who suggested sexual selection as the cause of giraffe necks. Sexual selection is just another form of natural selection.    Distinction without a difference. Species differences involve much larger genetic differences than family ones. Molecular biologists have demonstrated that the greater the distance to the last common ancestor, the greater the genetic difference.    That is completely backwards. Biologists have demonstrated that genes are responsible for phenotypes, not always by themselves, but in cooperation with each other and in response to the environment. If you alter the genes, you alter the response to the environment. I don't know why this is so hard to accept, but genes do encode proteins, and other genes do control their expression. You don't alter genes just by changing the environment -- you have to have mutation as well. Mutation is essential for evolution to work at all -- this is not speculation, but established fact. Epigenetic control is also important, especially in development, but it cannot by itself account for evolution. If it did, then every organism would have the identical genome. We know that isn't true.     There is no known mechanism for the heritability of epigenetic changes. Also, there are plenty of known examples of epigenetic changes which are not in themselves heritable. So far as anyone knows, epigenetics are responsible only for the details of development, in response to the environment. They do not, as a rule, establish traits that are heritable. Children can be born with congenital disabilities as a result of the intrauterine environment, but that doesn't mean their children will inherit the same problems.  For evolution, you need more change to the genome than just some epigentic decorations.    Sorry, but it's an empirically determined FACT that mutational changes in genes cause heritable changes in phenotype, while epigenetic changes usually do not. There are reams of papers documenting this fact.  Special Creation is the only fraud in this town.   what rock are you hiding under to say that epigenetic inheritance does not exist? Why should anyone believe a word you say when you can't even get the basics right?  http://www.chem.ucsb.edu/coursepages/archive/fall03/94-Reich/epigenetic_concepts.pdf   ABSTRACT: We discuss the changing use of epigenetics, a term coined by Conrad Waddington in the 1940s, and how the epigenetic approach to development differs from the genetic approach. Originally, epigenetics referred to the study of the way genes and their products bring the phenotype into being. Today, it is primarily concerned with the mechanisms through which cells become committed to a particular form or function and through which that functional or structural state is then transmitted in cell lineages. We argue that modern epigenetics is important not only because it has practical significance for medicine, agriculture, and species conservation, but also because it has implications for the way in which we should view heredity and evolution. In particular, recognizing that there are epigenetic inheritance systems through which non-DNA variations can be transmitted in cell and organismal lineages broadens the concept of heredity and challenges the widely accepted gene-centered neo-Darwinian version of Darwinism.  https://notes.utk.edu/Bio/greenberg.nsf/0/b360905554fdb7d985256ec5006a7755?OpenDocument  Because a genome can pick up or shed a methyl group much more readily than it can change its DNA sequence, Jirtle says epigenetic inheritance provides a "rapid mechanism by which [an organism] can respond to the environment without having to change its hardware." Epigenetic patterns are so sensitive to environmental change that, in the case of the agouti mice, they can dramatically and heritably alter a phenotype in a single generation. If you liken the genome to the hardware of a computer, Jirtle explains, then "epigenetics is the software. It's the grey area. It's just so darn beautiful if you think about it."   The environmental lability of epigenetic inheritance may not necessarily bring to mind Lamarckian images of giraffes stretching their necks to reach the treetops (and then giving birth to progeny with similarly stretched necks), but it does give researchers reason to reconsider long-refuted notions about the inheritance of acquired characteristics.
   The problem you have Supersport is that you want to make epigenetic mechanisms the SOLE pathway for variability and this just ain't so. Its one pathway to some degree of phenotypic variation, and in some cases it may even enter the process of evolution (if its persistently inherited) but the evidence for genetic inheritance via DNA is absolutely overwhelming. To support your argument you have to falsify all of that known mechanism. This I do not think you will manage to do.  No I don't. I'm open to the concept of organisms exchanging genes horizontally in some cases. I'm also open to the concept of nonrandom mutations. The main source of variation however, would actually be the environment working in concert with the developing embryo, which can produce new, heritable traits by turning genes on or off. It's been ignored for decades.
The evidence however is that other mechanisms than epigenetic ones are "the main source". Those mechanisms for generating heritable variation are all based on genes and even epigenetic mechanisms are based on genes!  show me this evidence.
Every study of any trait which has been shown to be inherited via genes constitutes evidence.   no it doesn't. It's only evidence if the genes mutated randomly, then creating a new trait or body part. I'll ask again -- show me your evidence. You would also have to show that the genetic mutation is the cause of disease or a trait, as opposed to merely correlated to it.  And it's funny how, when I asked you for evidence of evolution, you give me a bunch of diseases that do nothing but degenerate and or cause destruction. You call that evolution? I call that devlolution. And just because you don't know why a gene would mutate or why a disease would form such as huntington's disease, does not mean there wasn't a cause for it. The cause may not have been identified, but that does not mean one doesn't exist.  Please tell me -- do you believe mutations create new body parts? If so, how...and give evidence. If not....how can you keep believing in ToE? Also explain to me how you can believe in ToE when it is known that genes do not translate into body parts....how removing large sections of the genome often result in little or no change in phenotype? If genes were so important in creating specific morphology how is it that mice and humans share 99% of genes?
Tell me, do you ever actually, you know, read what I post? I said that epigenetic changes are usually not heritable. I didn't say such inheritance was either impossible or didn't exist.   then what's this? Your words:   There is no known mechanism for the heritability of epigenetic changes. Also, there are plenty of known examples of epigenetic changes which are not in themselves heritable. So far as anyone knows, epigenetics are responsible only for the details of development, in response to the environment. They do not, as a rule, establish traits that are heritable.   Sorry, but it's an empirically determined FACT that mutational changes in genes cause heritable changes in phenotype, while epigenetic changes usually do not.   The implication is certainly there that epigenetic changes are not heritable. The word "usually" destroys darwinism -- which is a thoery of mutating genes causing new traits. But if mutating genes don't cause traits then there's nothing to select! And if traits "usually" go through selection, then that means there are beneficial traits that don't go through selection. If that is the case, you will have to fight it out with Dawkins and E.O. Wilson who say all beneficial traits go through selection. So who's wrong -- you or them?
So what this guy is saying is that he believes in natural selection but not evolution? Nope he does not believe in natural selection either. He believes that genes (and epigenetics) are the product of direct intelligent modification by the species which is evolving. He believes in what one has to call intelligent vitalism. Basiclly Lamarckism with some bells and whistles.  In fact he is simply an anti-evolutionist and probably a creationist at heart. Do not expect cogent scientific argument from his direction.  depends on what you mean by "evolutionist." If you mean simply change over time, then I guess I'm an evolutionist. I do however, believe the world was created rather recently.  I also believe that genetic activity is the purposeful result of an interaction between the organism and the environment -- it is not the result of happy randomness, as the neo-darwinists explanation goes. And since purposeful genetic activity resides from within each individual, it eliminates any creative role for natural selection -- which thus -- merely acts to stablize the population. Ultimately this means individuals evolve, not populations, which contradicts the basic premise of ToE.  edit: I also believe epignetic activity precedes genetic mutations, thereby making most mutations nonrandom.
   Mutating genes do cause traits -- that's a fact, not a speculation. .  show me some physical traits, ie...body parts, organs, new tissues, etc., caused by random mutations.
So, you're just an anti-geologist, anti-cosmologist, anti-archaeologist, anti-physicist, and probably a few more that I can't be arsed to think of right now. *shrugs* Might as well get it over with and just say you're an anti-science religious nutter.  wake me up when you care to debate over the issues I've raised.  By the way cosmology absolutely points to a designer, as does physics. Archeology, (and I suppose you are referring to fossils here?) points away from darwinism and towards little or no biological change in organisms -- heavily anti-darwinian.
mind providing examples of these delusions? And no, archaeology is the study of historic or prehistoric peoples - and that, my friend goes back well beyond any literalist interpretations of the bible.  However, you did bring up what I missed, although you assumed I meant it by archeology. That would be - paleontology (and paleoboatany, etc.) And sorry, but all of them explicitly support the FACT of evolution, and most of them seem to be adequately explained so far by the THEORY of evolution by Random Mutation and Natural Selection.  Would you please stop spewing your evolutionary fairy tales until you can prove them with real evidence that isn't based on ridiculous assumptions, but which were founded on massive presumptions, which are established from unprovable beliefs, that take huge amounts of faith in a non science that was originally derived from the ramblings of a dead pseudo intellectual.   How mentally frail must one be to cling to such an infantile religion ? emoticon_xdonno
Wow, let's see what happens when we change a single word:  Now there, doen't that make so much more sense?  Only in the mind of a secular humanist atheist would it make sense. emoticon_xgood
show me some physical traits, ie...body parts, organs, new tissues, etc., caused by random mutations.  er...was somebody going to do this for me?   Only a bunch of crackpots could believe that all lifeforms were constructed by way of mutations.  http://evidenceofcreation.com/Genetics.html  Margulis:  Mutation accumulation does not lead to lead to new species, or even new organs or new tissues.  Gould:  A mutation doesn't produce major new raw material. You don't make a new species by mutating the species...that's a common idea that people have; that evolution is due to random mutations. A mutation is not the cause of evolutionary change.  Dr. A.e. Wilder-Smith:  If Water is poured onto a text written in ink, this text will thus be modified or partly smudged; but never is fundamentally new information added to the text in this manner. The chemistry of mutations in the genetic code information has an effect similar to that of water on our text. Mutations modify or destroy already existing genetic information, but they never create new information. They never create, for example, an entirely new biological organ such as eye or ear. Herein lies an error (of) Neo-Darwinism, which teaches that fundamentally new information is created by mutations.  you people are delusional.
anybody else?
If Water is poured onto a text written in ink, this text will thus be modified or partly smudged; but never is fundamentally new information added to the text in this manner. The chemistry of mutations in the genetic code information has an effect similar to that of water on our text. Mutations modify or destroy already existing genetic information, but they never create new information. They never create, for example, an entirely new biological organ such as eye or ear. Herein lies an error (of) Neo-Darwinism, which teaches that fundamentally new information is created by mutations. Wilder Smith is of course simply dead wrong. New genetic information can and does arise by means of VSI the core of evolutionary processes. See Adami paper for some insights.  and what exactly is this process that brings about new genetic information?  By the way, now that you know epigenetic tratis are heritable, do you agree that populations of organisms evolve new traits nonrandomly and horizontally before they pass them on vertically to progeny? If so, we're on the same page!
and what exactly is this process that brings about new genetic information?  By the way, now that you know epigenetic tratis are heritable, do you agree that populations of organisms evolve new traits nonrandomly and horizontally before they pass them on vertically to progeny? If so, we're on the same page! Reply With Quote Evolution of course what else.  Indeed I do agree that evolution is NOT a random process. Selection assures this to be the case. However variability without selection will not get the job done. The species will just wander around the fittness landscape without marching up the mountain.  not if their traits arise in the direction of adaptive improvement. You do believe variation can be biased in that way, right?
Is this a joke?  supersport thinks it is science's goal to disprove his religion.  Imagine being in his shoes.  It must be terrifying.  I'm not terrfied at all.....I can see the joke that is today's evolutonary science. They have no desire to uncover the truth...if they did they'd test nonrandom, environmentally-induced variation.....they'd just end the debate once and for all if heritable traits arise randomly or not. But they don't, won't, and never will.
So you expect us to believe that some strange guy posting on an Internet board is presenting us with revolutionary scientific information which the scientific community is hiding from the rest of us?  It just gets worse after that.  Do you own a mirror?  prove me wrong.
I'm not terrfied at all.....I can see the joke that is today's evolutonary science. They have no desire to uncover the truth...if they did they'd test nonrandom, environmentally-induced variation.....they'd just end the debate once and for all if heritable traits arise randomly or not. But they don't, won't, and never will.  nobody care to comment on why the jokers in biology refuse to test the opposing hypothesis, that each organism is adaptive and creates its own fitness during development, thereby eliminating the need of natural selection to create the fit in a population?
nobody care to comment on why the jokers in biology refuse to test the opposing hypothesis, that each organism is adaptive and creates its own fitness during development, thereby eliminating the need of natural selection to create the fit in a population?  Because there is no future in doing so,and becuase the evidence for natural selection generating fittness is overwhelming and logical to boot.  ** HAW!! Right. And you never ever make a typo, either! Haw! The above sentence, (ignoring the typoes), is one of the dumbest, (because transparently false), assertions ever made.
Ok. I suppose I would like it better if you said that natural selection "encourages" or "increases" fitness within a population, rather than saying, "generates."  Gould:  The essence of Darwinism lies in a single phrase: natural selection is the major creative force of evolutionary change. No one denies that natural selection will play a negative role in eliminating the unfit. Darwinian theories require that it create the fit as well. Selection must do this by building adaptations in a series of steps, preserving at each stage the advantageous part in a random spectrum of genetic variability. Selection must superintend the process of creation, not just toss out the misfits after some other force suddenly produces a new species, fully formed and pristine perfection. The Panda's Thumb. Pg 190.   Lesz: please notice the word random in there. I rest my case; nonrandom variation cancels out the creative role of selection.
lol....oh, so now your defense has sunk to the level of "defining non-random." You are one funny dude. You are no different than all the other darwinists who who try to use word games as a defense because that's all you have.  The reality is nonrandom variation undermines selection. I think Gould probably knows better than you do.  Gould:  The central logic of Darwinism requires that natural selection not merely operate, but that it be the creative force of evolutionary change. Selection wins its role as a creative force because the other component of evolutionary mechanics - the forces that pro-duce the raw material of genetic variation - are random, in the special sense of "not inherently directed toward adaptation." That is, if local environments change and smaller organisms are now at an advantage, genetic variation does not produce more small individuals, thus imparting a direction to evolutionary change from the level of variation itself. Variation continues to occur"at random," in a broad spectrum about the average size. Selection must impart direction - and be the creative force of evolution - by differentially preserving those random variants yielding smaller than average phenotypes.  http://home.wxs.nl/~gkorthof/korthof63.htm  Darwin's theory ... cannot be equated with the simple claim that natural selection operates. Nearly all his colleagues and predecessors accepted this postulate. Darwin, in his characteristic and radical way, grasped that this standard mechanism for preserving the type could be inverted, and then converted into the primary cause of evolutionary change. Natural selection obviously lies at the center of Darwin's theory, but we must recognize, as Darwin's second key postulate, that claim that natural selection acts as the creative force of evolutionary change. The essence of Darwinism cannot reside in the mere observation that natural selection operates -- for everyone had long accepted a negative role for natural selection in eliminating the unfit and preserving the type. (Gould 2002: 139)   (....) We have lost this context and distinction today, and our current perspective often hampers an understanding of the late 19th century literature and its preoccupations. Anyone who has read deeply in this literature knows that no argument inspired more discussion, while no Darwinian claim seemed more vulnerable to critics, than the proposition that natural selection should be viewed as a positive force, and therefore as the primary cause of evolutionary change. The "creativity of natural selection" -- the phrase generally used in Darwin's time as a shorthand description of the problem -- set the cardinal subject for debate about evolutionary mechanisms during Darwin's lifetime and throughout the late 19th century. [It is poised to once again become the central question due to the amazing scientific discoveries taking place in evo-devo.] (Gould 2002: 139)   Non-Darwinian evolutionists did not deny the reality, or the operationality, of natural selection as a genuine cause stated in the most basic or abstract manner. (....) They held, rather, that natural selection, as a headsman or executioner, could only eliminate the unfit, while some other cause must play the positive role of constructing the fit. (Gould 2002: 139)   (....) We can understand the trouble that Darwin's contemporaries experienced in comprehending how selection could work as a creative force when we confront the central paradox of Darwin's crucial argument: natural selection makes nothing; it can only choose among variants originating by other means. How then can selection possibly be conceived as a "progressive," or "creative," or "positive" force? (Gould 2002: 140)   The Requirements for Variation   In order to act as raw material only, variation must walk a tightrope between two unacceptable alternatives. first and foremost, variation must exist in sufficient amounts, for natural selection can make nothing, and must rely upon bounty thus provided; but variation must not be too florid or showy either, lest it become the creative agent of change itself. Variation, in short, must be copious, small in extent, and undirected. A full taxonomy of non-Darwinian evolutionary theories may be elaborated by their denials of one or more of these central assumptions. (Gould 2002: 141)   COPIOUS. Since natural selection makes nothing and can only work with raw material presented to its stringent review, variation must be generated in copious and dependable amounts.... Darwin's scenario for selective modification always includes the postulate, usually stated explicitly, that all structures vary, and therefore evolve.... If these universally recognized distinctions arise as consequences of differences in the intrinsic capacity of species to vary, then Darwin's key postulate of copiousness would be compromised -- for failure of sufficient raw material would then be setting a primary limit upon the rate and style of evolutionary change, and selection would not occupy the driver's seat. (Gould 2002: 141-142)   Darwin responds by denying this interpretation, and arguing that differing intensities of selection, rather than intrinsically distinct capacities for variation, generally cause the greater or lesser differentiation observed among domestic species. I regard this argument as among the most forced and uncomfortable in the Origin -- a rare example of Darwinian special pleading. But Darwin realizes the centrality of copiousness to his argument for the creativity of natural selection, and he must therefore face the issue directly:   Although I do not doubt that some domestic animals vary less than others, yet the rarity or absence of distinct breeds for the cat, the donkey, peacock, goose, etc., may be attributed in main part to selection not having been brought into play: in cats, from the difficulty in pairing them; in donkeys, from only a few being kept by poor people and little attention paid to their breeding; in peacocks, from not being very easily reared and a large stock not kept; in geese, from being valuable only for two purposes, food and feathers, and more especially from no pleasure having been felt the display of distinct breeds (p. 42).   Second, copiousness must also be asserted in the face of a powerful argument about limits to variation following modal departure from "type." To use Fleeming Jenkin's (1867) famous analogy: a species may be compared to a rigid sphere, with modal morphology of individuals at the center, and limits to variation defined by the surface. So long as individuals lie near the center, variation will be copious in all directions [isotropic; non-directional]. But if selection brings the mode to the surface, then further variation in the same direction will cease -- and evolution will be stymied by an intrinsic limitation upon raw material, even when selection would favor further movement. Evolution, in other words, might consume its own fuel and bring itself to an eventual halt thereby. This potential refutation stood out as especially serious -- not only for threatening the creativity of natural selection, but also for challenging the validity of uniformitarian extrapolation as a methodology of research. Darwin responded, as required by logical necessity, that such limits do not exist, and that new spheres of equal radius can be reconstructed around new modes: "No case is on record of a variable being ceasing to be variable under cultivation. Our oldest cultivated plants, such as wheat, still often yield new varieties: our oldest domesticated animals are still capable of rapid improvement or modification" (p. 8). (Gould 2002: 142)   (....) One of the most appealing features of Mendalism a strong reason for acceptance following its "rediscovery" in 1900 lay in the argument that mutation could restore variation "used up" by selection. (Gould 2002: 143)   [See Klein & Tanaka, 2002, "Where Do We Come From: The Molecular Evidence for Human Descent," p. 197-204, regarding atavism.]   SMALL IN EXTENT. If the variations that yielded evolutionary change were large -- producing new major features, or even new taxa in a single step then natural selection would not disappear as an evolutionary force. Selection would still function in an auxiliary and negative role as headsman -- to heap up the hecatomb of the unfit, permit new saltation to spread among organisms in subsequent generations, and eventually to take over the population. But Darwinism, as a theory of evolutionary change, would perish -- for selection would become both subsidiary and negative, and variation itself would emerge as the primary, and truly creative, force of evolution, the source of occasionally lucky saltation. For this reason, the quite properly, saltationist (or macromutational) theories have always been viewed as anti-Darwinian -- despite the protestations of de Vries ..., who tried to retain the Darwinian label for his continued support of selection as a negative force. The unthinking, knee-jerk response of many orthodox Darwinians whenever they hear the word "rapid" or the name "Goldschmidt," testifies to the conceptual power of saltation as a cardinal danger to an entire theoretical edifice. (Gould 2002: 143)   Darwin held firmly to the credo of small-scale variability as raw material because both poles of his great accomplishment required this proviso.... At the theoretical pole, natural selection can only operate in a creative manner if its cumulating force builds adaptation step by step from an isotropic pool of small-scale variability. If the primary source of evolutionary innovation must be sought in the occasional luck of fortuitous saltations, then internal forces of variation become the creative agents of change, and natural selection can only help to eliminate the unfit after the fit arise by some other process. (Gould 2002: 143-142)   (....)   UNDIRECTED. Textbooks of evolution still often refer to variation as "random." We all recognize this designation is a misnomer, but continue to use the phrase by force of habit. Darwinians have never argued for "random" mutation in the restricted and technical sense of "equally likely in all directions," as in tossing a die. [Rather it means statistical frequencies around a modal norm, like the bell curve for example, which does not imply that the underlying cause is totally random like tossing die.] But our sloppy use of "random" (see Eble, 1999) does capture, at least in a vernacular sense, the essence of the important claim that we do wish to convey -- namely, that variation must be unrelated to the direction of evolutionary change; or, more strongly, that nothing about the process of creating raw material biases the pathway of subsequent change in adaptive directions. This fundamental postulate gives Darwinism its "two step" character, the "chance" and "necessity" of Monad's famous formulation the separation of a source of raw material (mutation, recombination, etc.) from a force of change (natural selection). (Gould 2002: 144)   In a sense, the specter of directed variability threatens Darwinism even more seriously than any putative failure of the other two postulates. Insufficient variation stalls natural selection; saltation deprives selection of a creative role but still calls upon Darwin's mechanism as a negative force. With directed variation, however, natural selection can be bypassed entirely. If adaptive pressures automatically trigger heritable variation in favored directions, then trends can proceed under regimes of random mortality; natural selection, acting as a negative force, can, at most, accelerate the change. (Gould 2002: 145)   (....) Darwin clearly understood the threat of directed variability to his cardinal postulate of creativity for natural selection. He explicitly restricted the sources of variation to auxiliary roles as providers of raw material, and granted all power over the direction of evolutionary change to natural selection.... He recognized biased tendencies to certain states of variation, particularly reversions toward ancestral features. But he viewed such tendencies as weak and easily overcome by selection. Thus, by the proper criterion of relative power and frequency, selection controls the direction of change: "When under nature the conditions of life do change, variations and reversions of character probably do occur; but natural selection, as will hereafter be explained, will determine how far the new characters thus arising shall be preserved" (p. 15) (Gould 2002: 145)   We may summarize Darwin's third requirement for variation under the rubric of isotropy, a common term in mineralogy (and other sciences) for the concept of a structure or system that exhibits no preferred pathway as a consequence of construction with equal properties in all directions. Darwinian variation must be copious in amount, small in extent, and effectively isotropic. (Gould 2002: 145)   (....) Only under these stringent conditions can natural selection -- a force that makes nothing directly, and must rely upon variation for all raw material -- be legitimately regarded as creative. (Gould 2002: 145)   (....) Gradualism. Selection becomes creative only if it can impart direction to evolution by superintending the slow and steady accumulation of favored subsets from an isotropic pool of variation. If gradualism does not accompany this process of change, selection must relinquish this creative role and Darwinism then fails as a creative source of evolutionary novelty. If important new features, or entire new taxa, arise as large and discontinuous variations, then creativity lies in the production of the variation itself. Natural selection no longer causes evolution, and can only act as a headsman for the unfit, thus promoting changes that originated in other ways. Gradualism therefore becomes a logical consequence of the operation of natural selection in Darwin's creative mode. (Gould 2002: 149)    Yeap...gould agrees with me. Good luck believing in your fairytale.
  If you want to argue that variants, genetic or epigenetic, arise in order to take advantage of future environments, then you have to propose a mechanism for how they do so. How can they predict what environment they will experience, and how do they know how to alter their molecular biology to take advantage of it? These are huge questions you are ignoring.  Conspicuously, you have avoided trying to do this, besides resorting to the anti-scientific nonsense of "special creation", presumably by the deity of your choice who can foresee the future.  Sci-fi waffle.  that's a laugh. There is no "mechanism" for you being able to think and solve an algebra problem. There's no "mechanism" for the release of hormones to induce pigmentation if you spend extended periods of time in the sun. There's no "mechanism" for a tadpole who changes its tail shape/color in direct response to the presence of a predator. These things -- and millions of other things just like them -- just seem to happen. And it doesn't matter how they happen -- they just happen. Life is mysterious and unexplainable and miraculous. I don't have to explain jack. The important thing is that individual lifeforms don't need to die (or breed less successfully) in order for populations to evolve new, beneficial traits -- which destroys the very foundation of which your silly theory was constructed.
I will refrain from using the word 'God' because its much like saying "I drive a 'car". It is a generic reference to something that some of us believe may exist.  This topic concerns a key point I made in a discussion with a Deist. He claimed that physical cosmology provides evidence for the Divine in the Big Bang theory which theorizes the universe had a beginning. He then went on to say that because there was a beginning, the universe was finite, therefore, there was a Creator. I simply pointed out that there is no conclusive evidence supporting the notion that a beginning equates to finiteness, and the universe very well could be infinite. I think that busted the hole in his argument. I don't think there is any scientific evidence for or against the Divine, yet. The best that science will be able to do is show that the Divine is necessary or unnecessary.
One cannot adequately devine how to define the devine.
If the universe had a begining then it can not, by definition, be infinite with respect to time. That is to say, it does not extend in all temporal directions without limit. That much I think your opponent got right. Where his argument falls flat is his assumption that a begining requires a creator, let alone a Creator. We know that quantum events "just happen". There is no logical reason to state that the universe likewise could not have "just happened". For example, our universe could be a bubble in some sort of greater multiverse. Something akin to a quantum fluxuation in that multiverse may have given rise to what we know as our universe. The birth of our universe could have been precipitated by perfectly natural laws of the multiverse of which we are unaware, there's no reason to drag any sort of conscious entity into things.
Science can disprove individual theologies, whenever they make claims that are testable. Young Earth Creationism, for example, claims that Noah's Ark was real, but the scientific evidence has disproved that notion -- there was no single world-wide flood. That doesn't mean the legend of Noah didn't have some truth somewhere in it, but if so, it wasn't the global deluge claimed by Creationists. that's plain naive. Actually, it's stupid. So science has disproved Noah theology.  Still, there are limits to what science can prove or disprove. It can't prove or disprove a creator, an originator of the universe, at least, not at present. It can't prove or disprove claims such as the notion that the universe was created with the appearance of evolution. It can't prove or disprove the notion that the universe was created last Tuesday, with all of us, our personal histories and memories intact, de novo.   There are lots of religious claims that science can't touch, but that doesn't mean it is reasonable to believe them. We don't live in a world where if science can't explain it, the magical mystery man's version must be right. There are lots of magical mystery men... some preach Jesus, others preach some other god. If science can't explain it, all we can truthfully say is "we don't know".
Or the magical mystery lagomorph's version. *sigh* It's a pure fantasy, no better than any other religion.
** Nonsense. Who's been teaching you your quantum physics?!? Ya know, you keep on making comments like this, which make it seem that you know what you're talking about. But that's all you do: make comments like this. You never actually post anything that demonstrates in what amazingly simple, childish way the original poster was wrong. You just call it nonsense, attempt to belittle them, then run away. I'm beginning to think you really don't know what you're talking about WW...    ** The reason is called, 'ex nihilo, nihil fit'. What you are saying is called 'magick'. Then there's your whole Latin kick. Give it up, it sounds pretentious, and seems like something that person who relies on rhetoric rather than logic would use. Wait, never mind. I guess you are qualified to use random Latin phrases for no apparent reason. Also:  "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." -Arthur C. Clarke  so emoticon_xhoho   [/Quote] ** Which would mean that it came from some where or something and did not "just happen".[/Quote] Which is pretty much what he was saying. We all seemed to understand where he was going. Why is it you seemed to jump at this and go "A-HA!!!", like it was some big revelation?    ** A "quantum fluxuation"(sic)?!? Is that some kind of magical cosmological dump, or something?! Materialists inventing magic words, or using real words as magical mantras and bumper stickers in oprder to make up for what they haven't got, is getting really old around here. Hey WW, define "port" for me again, would you? And do you really want to get into a ####### match over spelling?    ** So why not call your "multiverse" , "god", and be done with it? Check your little golden dictionary for "God". Then look for "multiverse". Same definition? Probably not, but knowing where you get your definitions from, I wouldn't be surprised...
** Nonsense. Who's been teaching you your quantum physics?!? Ya know, you keep on making comments like this, which make it seem that you know what you're talking about. But that's all you do: make comments like this. You never actually post anything that demonstrates in what amazingly simple, childish way the original poster was wrong. You just call it nonsense, attempt to belittle them, then run away. I'm beginning to think you really don't know what you're talking about WW...    ** The reason is called, 'ex nihilo, nihil fit'. What you are saying is called 'magick'. Then there's your whole Latin kick. Give it up, it sounds pretentious, and seems like something that person who relies on rhetoric rather than logic would use. Wait, never mind. I guess you are qualified to use random Latin phrases for no apparent reason. Also:  "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." -Arthr C. Clarke  so emoticon_xhoho    ** Which would mean that it came from some where or something and did not "just happen". Which is pretty much what he was saying. We all seemed to understand where he was going. Why is it you seemed to jump at this and go "A-HA!!!", like it was some big revelation? You do realize that it's sometimes a good idea to read a grouping of sentences (sometimes called a "paragraph") for context, rather than picking a sentence fragment and trying to make it stand on its own, right? It usually makes more sense that way, and you don't make yourself look foolish by bashing somebody for a point they never were attempting to support in the first place    ** A "quantum fluxuation"(sic)?!? Is that some kind of magical cosmological dump, or something?! Materialists inventing magic words, or using real words as magical mantras and bumper stickers in oprder to make up for what they haven't got, is getting really old around here. Hey WW, define "port" for me again, would you? And do you really want to get into a ####### match over spelling?    ** So why not call your "multiverse" , "god", and be done with it? Check your little golden dictionary for "God". Then look for "multiverse". Same definition? Probably not, but knowing where you get your definitions from, I wouldn't be surprised...
** Nonsense. Who's been teaching you your quantum physics?!?? A quantum physics professor. Since you clearly have been getting your info someplace else I'll skip to the only other thing of interest you said.  ** So why not call your "multiverse" , "god", and be done with it? Because the common defintions of God include such characteristics as sentience, omnipotence, omniscience, etc, none of which would apply to a multiverse. All you're trying to do here is say that God exists by changing the defintion of God. That's cheating.
A quantum physics professor. Since you clearly have been getting your info someplace else I'll skip to the only other thing of interest you said.   Because the common defintions of God include such characteristics as sentience, omnipotence, omniscience, etc, none of which would apply to a multiverse. All you're trying to do here is say that God exists by changing the defintion of God. That's cheating.  I only want to know if GOD is "alive". That will settle an awful lot of philosophical issues.
Various theories of the beginings of the Big Bang were presented not long ago in New Scienst; (28 April 2007) amongst them was 2 membranes bumping into each other which apparently results in a Big Bang every 100 billion years or so (Cyclic brane model). If such is true or something simlar then there is no "beginning" as such. Indeed as it is with the singularity causing the collapse of linear time technically there is no beginning either. Beyond Planck time you have infinite time but being compressed into a non- linear, single moment it cannot be probed. (Hawkings)  Any speculation on whether or not his represents some sort of "Divinity" is at best clutching at straws. On the whole the evidence of the divine in science is strictly neutral. Creationism, certainly in its litteral forms can be safely ruled out by scientific observations. Nature based belief systems on the other hand do concurr with scientific observations, though whether that is due to the originators of the beliefs observing nature or being given some sort of "divine instruction" on the matter is debatable.
I only want to know if GOD is "alive". That will settle an awful lot of philosophical issues.  Life is a condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects, i.e. non-life, and dead organisms, being manifested by growth through metabolism, reproduction, and the power of adaptation to environment through changes originating internally.  "God" displays none of these characteristics. "God" therefore is not "Alive".
Brane theory stretches the brain even if its the divine orign of the universes. Best not to stand too close to branes in collision. Darn dangerous.
Life is a condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects, i.e. non-life, and dead organisms, being manifested by growth through metabolism, reproduction, and the power of adaptation to environment through changes originating internally.  "God" displays none of these characteristics. "God" therefore is not "Alive".  Thus GOD is dead I must conclude! I have always suspected this. But the authorative source (ie Bibile) refers several times to a "Living God". So there seems to be some controversy here.  I would also point out that:  GOD does grow: He is omnipresent and thus has to grow to keep up with the expanding universe.  GOD has some sort of metabolism or other (probably no carbon based but so what?) else where doe he get all that creative energy? Gotta come from somplace.  GOD does reproduce - After all he does have a Son in the person of Christ.  GOD must have the ability to adapt. After all he is omnipotent.  The problem is of course if GOD is alive, then just who or what created life if it did not arrive via abiogenesis of some sort?   Lets face it we really don't know a whole lot about this. Perhaps we should pray for a miracle of knowledge.
Answer one would presume tht God is contained within this universe, which would conflict with the doctrine of being Extrauniversal which is how monotheism gets around the problem of god becoming multiple entities in multiple universes.  Reproduction; doctrine holds that the Son was always extant, thus not reproduction, and not a seperate entity as such would contradict monotheism.  Being omniscient and unchanging would preclude adaptation.  Gods metabolism; usually refered to in conjuction with sacrifice though there's an obvious energy shortfall here. In the case of christianity the sacrifice of the living deity removes the need for sacrifice which would kind of suggest that it consumes itself (Oroboros?) but there is no indication of what God's environmental requirements are so any metabolic processes are pure speculation.
How about as we do not know it? Thats important also. If GOD is alive then abiogenisis is not necessary to have life in the universe. If he is not alive then life had to be made or emerge from non-life and abiogenesis is essential. And if GOD is alive then he must have arisen by abiogenesis or there were living organisms prior to GOD and they made him. And so forth.
How about as we do not know it? Thats important also. If GOD is alive then abiogenisis is not necessary to have life in the universe. If he is not alive then life had to be made or emerge from non-life and abiogenesis is essential. And if GOD is alive then he must have arisen by abiogenesis or there were living organisms prior to GOD and they made him. And so forth.  You're making a very common mistake here. You're trying to apply common sense and logic to the divine. To say that if there is no god then life came about through abiogenesis makes sense, that's logical. But to say that if there is a God he must have come about via abiogenesis does not make sense. Or rather, it's logical, but you can't apply logic in that case. Dieties are, by defintion, outside the normal order. The normal rules do not apply to them. They can create themselves, they can spring forth from chaos fully formed, they can be their own parents, whatever. You simply can't apply the rules of logic to Gods, which is what places them so firmly outside the realm of science.
You're making a very common mistake here. You're trying to apply common sense and logic to the divine. Perhaps but frankly if the divine is above logic and reason then why should I pay any attention at all to it? The point remains if GOD is NOT alive then when he CREATED life the first time - that would constitute abiogenesis. If he were alive then HIS life emerged at some point in time and thus abiogenesis had to occurr. Abiogenesis is declared impossible by some creos. But logically they cannot get around these nagging little problems.
 Perhaps but frankly if the divine is above logic and reason then why should I pay any attention at all to it? The point remains if GOD is NOT alive then when he CREATED life the first time - that would constitute abiogenesis. If he were alive then HIS life emerged at some point in time and thus abiogenesis had to occurr. Abiogenesis is declared impossible by some creos. But logically they cannot get around these nagging little problems.  Well, that was pretty much exactly my point. When you're talking about the supernatural you don't need logic to get around any problems. If you start with the assumption that God exists then you can reach any conclusion you like, it doesn't need to follow logically. All you need to do is say Goddidit. An omnipotent being makes the rules after all, it doesn't have to follow them. So you can play with logic and definitions all you like, but once you introduce something that doesn't follow the rules it all goes out the window.
Well, that was pretty much exactly my point. When you're talking about the supernatural you don't need logic to get around any problems. If you start with the assumption that God exists then you can reach any conclusion you like, it doesn't need to follow logically. All you need to do is say Goddidit. An omnipotent being makes the rules after all, it doesn't have to follow them. So you can play with logic and definitions all you like, but once you introduce something that doesn't follow the rules it all goes out the window.  Yes I am fully aware of that. Its what makes the GOD hypothesis non-scientific in that it cannot even in principle falsifiable. Any theory which is without any constraints whatsoever will have that property. But my point stands, since I am science based I have no need to admit into my universe such as GOD.
Yes I am fully aware of that. Its what makes the GOD hypothesis non-scientific in that it cannot even in principle falsifiable. Any theory which is without any constraints whatsoever will have that property. But my point stands, since I am science based I have no need to admit into my universe such as GOD.  So, what was your point then, exactly?
** That which we sometimes call 'god' does not 'live', but emanates life, along with every other quality that can exist. What G*D is and does is much greater than 'live'. As the sole existing entity, The One, The All, The LOGOS is the source of all things, without being the mere sum of all things and what we call living is just a corporeal, temporal glimpse of that source.  Yes I grasp all that, unfortunately I believe it to be incorrect. The entity you describe does not exist and discussing its properties is the height of folly. Before you do that you had best meet the existense criterion - a funamental fact to establish before getting into detail. Its only LOGical which is derived from the same root word.
There isn't any scientific evidence for the divine and there won't be. They are two different (although I believe complementary) realms of thought. Neither can science show that the divine is necessary or unnecessary for the same reasons.  Unless you can prove that the Divine isn't derived from the mind of men, you are faced with the extreme likelihood that divine is material.  Thought, including emotive and inspirational forms, is coded as information. Information has been constructed as a material model. It has survived testing.  It has been shown that information isn't limited by the laws of thermodynamics so it is separate from what physicists normally call material. Yet, information is submissive to treatment by scientific methodology.  I believe you are going to see auras, diviness, spirits, and their associated feelings treated by science.  Hang on.
Sez u, and u r entitled to your opinion, as I am to mine. Yours is not 'true', simply because u choose to believe whatever u believe. I am not interested in evangelizing my religious beliefs, as everyone else in this darwinism/creationism debate forum seems intent upon doing. When it comes to theology, I'll tell you what I believe, but if you don't buy it, that's your choice. If atheism has what it takes to get u through the nite, well, good for u. Oh come on you know as well as anyone else that attributing details to an entity or object which is not known to exist is just silly. First establish existense then flesh out the details. In any case your theology does not bother me except when it impinges upon the emprical world of science. You have made scientific claims and scientific claims are subject to scientific examination. If you choose to make them you also choose to have them examined. There is no issue of evangalizing you to my personal beliefs, but there is a question of whether or not your views of biology are supportable.
** I am a panentheist. Some xtians are panentheists, but not all panentheists are xtians. Although, (and in fact, _because_), I have only the greatest and deepest respect for the ethical philosophy attributed to 'christ', I am certainly not one of those self-professed "xtians" who are forever attempting to force their anti-christian fascist ethic on everyone else.  Do pantheists make scientific claims based on their theology and attempt to convert others to those views? If so its not a religious debate but a scientific one and the rules of scientific inquiry apply. Your biology is NOT supportable based on the evidence, observation, and experiment.  But hey it could be worse you might have been a denier of abiogenesis as such.
Ah so you believe that Nature is a subset of GOD rather than being GOD. But then since there is no entity such as GOD .....  More seriously there is still absoultely no reason to make the vitalist assumption in biology, it fills no gaps, and it produces no explanations not obtained without its insertion. Sorry bout that but the cookie crumbles as it crumbles. Vitalism is simply an assumption which has no value to scientists. Indeed it long served as a barrier to deeper understanding of biology and biological processes. Physical and chemical mechanisms are sufficient. Mechanism is sufficient in fact. Non-mechanistic explanations are without merit you realize.  Should that view be wrong we shall find it necessary someday to revive (as it were) vitalism, till then sorry I cannot buy it as something to be concerned about or to build a world view on.
If by 'abiogenesis' you mean that life 'spontaneously generated' itself out of inanimate matter, and the four physical forces that detrmine the behaviours of inanimate matter, then of course I do deny abiogenesis. Ex nihilo, nihil fit.  No I mean that life had to arise from nonliving matter, that the first life form did not arise via some other life-form.
The involvement of the fifth force, vitality, is necessary to infuse the psychical qualities of life into non-autopoietic mechanical systems. Actually you need a sixth force called bluxids to get the job done. Why stop with just one non-essential force? Lets add ten or twenty more just to cover all the bases. Why not?
Sez u. I hold to the contrary--that is, that your darwinism is not supportable based on the evidence, but my own evolutionary hypothesis is grounded empirically. Ok then demonstrate that without vitality living organisms are impossible. Good luck. Prove that life is not simply physics and chemistry. Where is the empirical evidence which you claim to use here. What evidence is there that this force you refer to as "vitality" exixts in nature? Got data? or just intuitions?
If by 'abiogenesis' you mean that life 'spontaneously generated' itself out of inanimate matter, and the four physical forces that detrmine the behaviours of inanimate matter, then of course I do deny abiogenesis. Ex nihilo, nihil fit.  'Cept of course it aint ex nihilio, it's ex res differens ('something different' for the non-pretentious). That also contradicts your claim that a non-living God could produce living entities if you ask me.
Any statement in support of vitalism in biology as opposed to physics and chemistry is a statement of pure faith!
Well, that would be a contradiction in terms, since any life form that arose from some other life form could never be the first life form, now could it? That leaves two options--one, life forms spontaneously generated themselves, ex nihilo, out of the bits of stuff that were inanimate, or two, something greater than life infused inanimate matter with the power of autopoesis, (hence, life), wherever and whenever matter at the molecular level became systematized, i.e., sufficiently defined internally, to permit the collective, i.e., cellular, autocatalysis of vitality that is expressed as metabolism and self-awareness. That is, the basal fundaments of both the physico-chemical and psychical elements of lifeforms. Interesting is it not the contrast between the two.  1) Life arose from non-life.  2) Something greater than life infused inanimate matter with the power of autopoesis, wherever and whenever matter at the molecular level became systematized, ie sufficiently defined internally, to permit the collective, ie cellular autocatalysis of vitality that is expressed as metabolism and self-awareness.  Generally given two such explanations one would choose the simpler. The second assumes many more forces and entities and processes than is necessary and is thus highly suspect. Far too much blah, blah, blah. One might even describe it as obese with useless pseudoscientific terminology.
When it comes to making facetious, even snide, comments, you just can't help yourself, can you? I offer one more force only because the four physical forces presently accepted by you and yours are clearly insufficient to explain lifeforms and their behaviours. This fifth force, vitality, is, coupled with the other four, sufficient to that task. No other forces necessary, since there are no other "bases" to cover. But without vitality, "life" is one huge base that the physical forces simply cannot and do not cover. Sorry but you have presented absolutely no evidence to support your contention that your fifth force is either necessary or exists. I could just as well claim that four plus vitality are insufficient and that 10 more forces are required. I would have an equally strong argument as you do - ie no substance at all.  Please demonstrate that physics and chemistry alone are not sufficient to explain the development of living organisms from non-living matter. What do you see as missing, how do you observe this gap. How do you come by the knowledge you are claiming to possess?
I can tell the difference between a live duck and a dead one. What more does anyone need? Very true the difference is that the physics/chemistry of the dead duck has been altered from that of a live duck. Of course the precise way in which it has been altered will vary from case to case. Regardless of that the ducks chemistry and physics has been altered to cause death.   What explanation would a rabbit have with regard to why a duck has died?
It is impossible to prove/demonstrate a negative proposition. Therefore the onus is on your party to prove/demonstrate the validity of the positive proposition, i.e., that abiogenesis is possible simply as a matter of physics and chemistry. Been a long time since Miller-Urey, and despite a tremendous outlay of money and manpower over the past half century, that notion is still stuck in the starting gate. So where is the empirical evidence to support your claim?!? Sorry rabbit but you have to remember that the claim that physics and chemistry are insufficient IS YOUR CLAIM. To make it you logically need to have knowledge that your claim is true. Thus you must be able to offer proof of what you claim. You must have a basis for claiming that physics and chemistry do not suffice. It is not I who am making the claim it is you. And of course your claim just happens to require that you prove a negative proposition. Terrible position you put yourself in.
That leaves two options...  I can think of a third: that our definition of "life" is arbitrary and really it's just a more complex version of a chemical reaction (or just a large collection of reactions working together).
I can think of a third: that our definition of "life" is arbitrary and really it's just a more complex version of a chemical reaction (or just a large collection of reactions working together).  And indeed as the discussion regarding whether or not a virus is a living organism illustrate, there is not a bright-line threshold between living and non-living matter. The solution of course is to replace a bright-line threshold with a continuous concept. Life is indeed a fuzzy concept. Life arose from something very similar to life which in turn arose from something less similar to life etc etc. There never was a clear border to cross in the entire chain.
Duck issue continued.  OK rabbit. The duck is alive at some point in time. You sever its head from its body and start a clock. Is it dead 1 nsec later? 1 second later? 1 minute later ....... When exactly does the duck in your opinion cease to be alive? And just why does it "die"? Is it because its "vitality" takes a powder and flees the body? Or does its chemistry simply wind down bit by bit till it no longer can carry out the necessary chemical and physical reactions?
** So now you follow lesz and a long line of predecessors by slipping from argument to snide remark to just plain insulting language.  Keep it up, chemist. Everyone who can refute the Wabbit gets put on his ignore list!  The problem with Occam's Razor is that it can become very dull and simple-minded instrument of epistemology. Let's compare your preferred statement (the one that contradicts 'ex nihilo' and the conservation of matter and energy), that is, "Life arose from non-life.", with the creationist statement (which does the same thing), "Goddidit!!" Yours and theirs are equally simple, succinct, and simple-minded. You appeal to "magick", they appeal to "miracle", and in the end neither of you has said a damn thing.  Sheer nonsense, of course. Abiogenesis is not nothing out of nothing. It's complex, self-organising chemistry out of simpler self-organising chemistry, based on perfectly natural laws of physics and chemistry.  No vitalism needed! emoticon_xgood   Of course, what the wabbit knows about chemistry could be written on a carbon atom and still leave room for the bonds...
Sometimes its useful to trace the history of ideas and concepts. This is true of the "vital force" please consider the bit from Wiki below.  ==================================   Élan vital From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search  For other meanings, see Elan Vital  Élan vital, coined by French philosopher Henri Bergson in his 1907 book Creative Evolution, was translated in the English edition as "vital impetus", but is usually translated by his detractors as "vital force". It is a hypothetical explanation for evolution and development of organisms, which Bergson linked closely with consciousness.  It was believed by others that this essence (élan vital) could be harvested and embedded into an inanimate substance and activated with electricity, perhaps taking literally another of Bergson's metaphorical descriptions, the "current of life". The British biologist Julian Huxley remarked that Bergson's élan vital is no better an explanation of life than is explaining the operation of a railway engine by élan locomotif. However, Huxley himself subscribed to the notion of an élan vital as may be seen from the following excerpt: "When I was last in New York, I went for a walk, leaving Fifth Avenue and the Business section behind me, into the crowded streets near the Bowery. And while I was there, I had a sudden feeling of relief and confidence. There was Bergson's élan vital - there was assimilation causing life to exert as much pressure, though embodied here in the shape of men, as it has ever done in the earliest year of evolution: - there was the driving force of progress" (lecture 1, n.p., J. Huxley Papers).  A distant precursor of Bergson can be found in the work of the pre-Christian Stoic philosopher Posidonius, who postulated a "vital force" emanated by the sun to all living creatures on the earth's surface. The concept of élan vital is very similar to Schopenhauer's concept of the will-to-live. Several other ideas throughout Bergson's works are reminiscent of Schopenhauer's thoughts.  The French philosopher Gilles Deleuze attempted to recoup the novelty of Bergson's idea in his book Bergsonism, though the term itself underwent substantial changes by Deleuze. No longer considered a mystical, elusive force acting on brute matter, as it was in the vitalist debates of the late 19th century, élan vital in Deleuze's hands denotes a substance in which the distinction between organic and inorganic matter is indiscernible, and the emergence of life undecidable. ========================================
You are wrong, as always. Propositions are always asserted positively before they can be denied, otherwise there would be nothing to deny. Your materialist/mechanist/positivist proposition, the one that has been around at least since LaPlace, is that physics and chemistry contain all that is necessary to explain everything, including life itself. Remember, "I have no need of that hypothesis."?!? You guys started this, so the onus is on you to prove your positive proposition, not on me to refute a proposition you haven't even proved yet. Very well then one more round in words you might comprehend. YOU (WW) made the claim that a fifth force is REQUIRED to explain the existense of life. That phyiscs and chemistry CANNOT serve alone. I DID NOT MAKE THAT CLAIM.. Its your child, its you who claim to have this knowledge NOT I. The burde of proof lies on HE WHO CLAIMS THE KNOWLEDGE. In this case that is YOU (WW). You claim to have the knowledge here not I. If you have it you can produce the chain of logic, reason, and empirical observations which led you to the knowledge you claim. If you cannot then you obviously do not have the knowledge you claim to have.
In short, dead ducks cannot and do not perform the behaviours, internal and external, chemical and physical, that live ducks can and do, despite the fact that the chemical and physical components of live ducks remain, but are now incapable of doing what they did when the duck was alive. What's your explanation for that? I would explain it by stating that one of the other 10 essential forces have been prevented from acting in such a way as to maintain adequate contact with force five. Why not? And so forth for as many epicycles as one might need to make it all work out. And the reason that the duck "dies" is that the flow of mass and energy through it is no longer held far enough from equilibirum to maintain it as a n open dynamic system. It dies because it is now approaching (and will continue to approach) thermodynamic equilibrium. The "duck" can no longer mount sufficient work to overcome the effects of entropy. Howver I note you chose not to deal with the question of precisely WHEN the duck makes the transition between life and death!
In other words WW you have confused the capacity of a system to do sufficient work to sustain itself in a state far from thermodynamic equilibrium with a fifth hypothetical force. WORK is the only known (local) remedy for (local) entropic effects. Living systems by their capacity to store (and maintain information) and to do sufficient work can remain off-equilibirum till they can no longer do that work. At that point they move toward equilibrium and thus die as they become disorganized.
The first is the objection from complexity. The fact is that the best minds in chemistry and molecular physics have examined the problem of generating life physically and chemically for a long time, well before Miller/Urey, and they are stumped.They've cooked up millions of recipes, using their not inconsiderable intelligences, imaginations, and whatnot, and have had no more success than blind chance would have had--i.e., zero, zilch, nada. Even with their computers simulating billions of years in millions of scenarioes. Not exactly. They have made a functional polio virus in the lab from scratch. Of course you conveniently deny that such a complex structure capable of reproduction, inheritance, and thus evolution is alive. I would say that our understanding at the molecular level is now sufficient that we shall go on to make a free-living cell in the reasonably near future. At this time there is no fundamental reason which stands in the way. But I can only surmise that at that point you will deny such a cell is alive. What say you?
Then why is there such a clear and unmistakeable border at death? Not a organic failure, but at organismic death? Why is a dead duck so manifestly not the duck it used to be? Reply With Quote The simple answer is that there is also no bright line transition between life and death. After you lop off the ducks head it dies we can agree on that, however it does not on the instant pass from one category to the other. It takes time for entropy to catch up to the organism and for the chemical and physical organization present to be dissapated to thermo equilibrium.
Now now WW granny is who she says she is, and she is kind enough to provide a conceptual image of her invisible parrot which changes color from time to time. Now I ask you would a materialist even consider having such a pet? You do grannyM a disservice.
GrannyM quoted by WW:Let's replace the duck with a person. Instead of chopping off the head, just smash it up a bit, so that the brain stops working, but keep the body hooked up to machines that pump blood and oxygen around. Is the person dead? Maybe 98% of its cellular matter is still living. You could pop whole, living organs into other bodies, and they'd keep on living. Yet, legally, we call the person "dead."  No bright lines, indeed.  And what is WWs reply? Why the following: This, granny, is yet another example of how you materialists are incapable of distingishing between a 'whole', and its 'parts'. Hardly WW the brain may be dead, but some of the organs very well may still be living. The PERSON has ceased to exist since its brain is kaput, but the body remains alive and is a living organism. Or are you (WW) going to claim that a kidney or heart transplanted to another body and which then remains functional for many years is NOT alive? Would you claim that a marrow transplant that did the same also not be living?
The oracle WW says: [INDENT]The duck, as that which is defined as a duck, ceases to be alive when it, as a system, is irreparably damaged, to the point where it cannot carry out any behaviours associated with those entities that are defined as live ducks--not without the aid of added artificial parts.   Hold on there good buddy. Yes if the duck is dead then it is dead. If it ceases to have any ducky behaviors then its dead. But for quite some while after I lop duckys head off it will flap its wings, run around on the ground, and do other ducky things. But of course it has been irreparably damaged upon my lopping its head off has it not? And if I should attach it to adequate life support (which cannot by definition of your vitality provide vitality) I can keep the poor thing alive for quite some time. The whole point is that you cannot in actual practice define exactly when the duck ceases to be alive, there is a continous range of conditions between alive and not alive. There is simply no bright line threshold. Your definition would I think require that we declare the duck dead as soon as the head is severed. Is that how you see it? In technical terms, parts of the duck, its organs, [especially if transplanted into another duck] do not themselves die even after the duck, as a whole system, may thus be pronounced dead. And this technicality proceeds down to the final death of its last living cell. Symbiotic bacteria in its gut not included. OK then we apparently agree, there is no clear and definable threshold where the duck is dead on one side of it and alive on the other! Even you as WW can see this is the case. Now all you need do is to look through the other end of the telescope and ask if you can in fact define just when and where the transition between non-living and living matter occurs.
Or, to quote a Monty Python character, "I'm not quite dead."
Or, to quote a Monty Python character, "I'm not quite dead."  And life can be defined as the process of dying. :xbanghead
At the qualitative level, life and death are distinguished at the cellular level, and even there there is no law saying that the transition from life to death need be total and instantaneous. Just so long as truly dead is empirically distinguishable from truly alive, all your little monty python jokes count for nothing. Cells exhibit a continuium between what we would call life and what we would call death. As you say death is not instantaneous, therefore its not a threshold effect and the transition is blurry. Subcellular processes wind down gradually you know not all at once. A single cell is at its own scale self-similar to multicellular organisms. Think fractals. And bear in mind I am not arguing that we cannot classify an organism or a cell as being dead or alive, all I am saying is that the borderline is fuzzy rather than brightline. And that very fact means that its difficult to assign somthing like a virus as being dead or alive. If you declare a virus dead then its hard to see how it can reproduce and grow etc. If you declare it alive its difficult to see how it can be so without an internal metabolic system. Its my contention that there is no bright-line border which distinguishes matter into two types - living and non-living. The border is fuzzy. Thus its not necessary to have life simply appear, all thats needed is for chemical complexity to increase until it has clearly crossed the fuzzy borderline. So you get non-living matter, more complex non-living matter, still more complex non-living matter, not quite non-living matter, nearly living-matter, more nearly-living matter, and just barely living matter, then clearly living matter, and then complex living matter. In other words the non-living grades into the living and bright line abiogenesis is not the issue. The issue is whether or not matter has the inherent potential to be organized into sufficiently complex structures so as to become living. The observation that we do in fact have life is sufficient to conclude that it does. No external agency is required, no external agency need be invoked to explain it.
 No external agency is required, no external agency need be invoked to explain it. Which would of course raise the question, if nothing else, of how the external agency came into being.
Which would of course raise the question, if nothing else, of how the external agency came into being.  Oh, it's eternal. I mean, something's got to be! emoticon_xangel
Which would of course raise the question, if nothing else, of how the external agency came into being.  The most parsimonious solution to that essential problem is to discard the hypothesis that there is an agency and then proceed to see what the consequences of that deletion are. What Darwin accomplished was to show that in the absense of the presumed agency no contradictions were produced. Its also been found that such an agency adds nothing to explanations of physics and chemistry. At this time inserting such an agency does not appear to be productive. Tomorrow who can say, but then we live in the present not the past or future.
That means that at some point there is a clear distinction between "A" and "Not-A". Between "Life" and "Not-Life", in this particular instance. The notion of continuity where "A" gradully flows into "Not-A", seamlessly, is defunct. The paradoxical questions raised by the early materialists, (Parminides, Zeno, and the other Eleatics), wrt to continuous motion, etc., have been resolved by quantum physics. There is a clear quantum differentiation between "A" and "Not-A" in all things, including life. The classic riposte to this argument is to point out that we are dealing with a taxonomic problem. What to call something in other words. At the relatively large scale of the cell (its much above quantum scale) continua are applicable. Lets consider the taxonomic problem for a few seconds.   Lets say you have a pile of sand consisting of 10 tons of the stuff. You remove a single grain of sand. Do you still have a pile of sand? Probably you will say that you do. Ok now repeat the process and ask the same question. OK its still a pile of sand. You continue to repeat the process. Just when does you pile of sand cease to be a pile of sand? Note well all operations are quantitized, there are a finite number of grains of sand and they are removed one at a time. This however does not help much with the taxonomic question.  Alive/Dead is a similar taxonomic problem and fuzzy logic is applicable. For more on the subject of fuzzy logic as opposed to two valued logic go read your Kosko. When you do note well that such reasoning is very very effective in real world applications which have to make taxonomic decisions and in which the boundaries are not distinct.
** Yes you can, and in fact, are, being completely arbitrary in your definition of life as, "just a more complex version of a chemical reaction (or just a large collection of reactions working together", and two facts stand against that arbitrariness.  ...  Implying that, a/ the ingedients eg. carbon, are not responsible for life, and b/ that life is a simple achievement for 'nature' to pull off, for all that it has proved impossible for every mechanical genius that's ever tried it, --except 'Dr. Frankenstein' .  For some reason I expected a better (or at least more obfuscated) argument from you. The fact that nobody has yet been able to describe the *exact* process by which life came to be, means it's more likely that some obscure and inexplicable supernatural explanation is needed? I thought we left that kind of thinking back in the 19th century.   I'm not sure why you brought up non-carbon based life. There are good reasons why carbon is the most likely basis for other life. That it can take 4 bonds and forms long but basically solid chains for 2.
For some reason I expected a better (or at least more obfuscated) argument from you.  WW was probably pressed for time and could achieve his usual stellar performance. Or perhaps the force is weak today!emoticon_wow
Which would of course raise the question, if nothing else, of how the external agency came into being.  Well yes it would. Much like the gap in the Nixon tapes which was attributed to some evil external force raised the same question :)
I'm not sure why you brought up non-carbon based life. There are good reasons why carbon is the most likely basis for other life. That it can take 4 bonds and forms long but basically solid chains for 2.  Ah we have a carbon chauvinist among us. Of course we as carbon based life are able to rationalize why carbon is best. Such is always the case. Somewhere out there your counterpart just set out to explain why silicon or sulfur is best a the basis for life. And that entity which evolved inside the neutron star is laughing at us all :)
Ah we have a carbon chauvinist among us. Of course we as carbon based life are able to rationalize why carbon is best. Such is always the case. Somewhere out there your counterpart just set out to explain why silicon or sulfur is best a the basis for life. And that entity which evolved inside the neutron star is laughing at us all :)  Ha! I don't deny the *possibility* of life forms based on sulphur or silicon, I just think them less likely. Carbon has the properties of forming *stable* molecules *and* producing double bonds (something which I know silicon, for example, won't do under normal circumstances).  If stability and complexity are the key, then carbon is your man.
Just for the fun of it, I looked to see if I could find the elemental composition of life. Well, my search wasn't exactly comprehensive, but Wiki has one article which gives the stoichiometric formula for a human -- from the Ecological Stoichiometry article:  H375,000,000 O132,000,000 C85,700,000 N6,430,000 Ca1,500,000 P1,020,000 S206,000 Na183,000 K177,000 Cl127,000 Mg40,000 Si38,600 Fe2,680 Zn2,110 Cu76 I14 Mn13 F13 Cr7 Se4 Mo3 Co1  So to be annoyingly pedantic, we are not really "carbon-based", we are OCHN-based if we factor in atomic weight! Of course, lots of that is water.  I must admit, though, I too would very surprised if carbon (or CHON) were not at the center of the vast majority of lifeforms out there, for the reasons stated -- the molecular flexibility of carbon. I wouldn't stick my neck out and claim that other types are impossible, though I wouldn't know what kind of environmental chemistry could produce non-carbon based life to the exclusion of carbon-based. Of course, we aren't even sure what kind of chemistry produced our kind of life, anyway.
So to be annoyingly pedantic, we are not really "carbon-based", we are OCHN-based if we factor in atomic weight! Of course, lots of that is water.  To be equally pedantic I think the reason for calling it 'carbon-based' is that everything else is basically hung off a carbon framework. It's just that carbon can carry a pretty huge load...
To be equally pedantic I think the reason for calling it 'carbon-based' is that everything else is basically hung off a carbon framework. It's just that carbon can carry a pretty huge load...  Oh, quite! I was just bemused by the notion of someone writing out the molecular formula for a human -- I didn't bother trying to figure out the molecular weight of a human, but it's probably too high to estimate by standard chromatographic methods! I certainly wouldn't expect too many examples of life where carbon was replaced by either sulphur or silicon.   Still, there's another interesting question here. Suppose there were sulfur or silicon based life. Would we even recognise it as alive? We are so used to the kind of life we see on earth, maybe we are too parochial in our expectations of what life should look like!  A.G. Cairns-Smith proposed that clay-based, pre-nucleic acid "organisms" were the intermediates between non-living and living matter during abiogenesis. His theory isn't generally accepted at present, but suppose for the sake of agument it were true. Would such pre-biotic clay organisms, which would likely not be carbon-based at all, be regarded as life or not?
More on Carbon:  Being a biochemist and biologist I am probably biased by my knowledge base, but the point about forming double bonds is an interesting one. Especially if one considers the role of conjugated bonds and aromatic systems in biology as we know it. Such systems appear to be essential for life as we know it. Absent such systems life would be well .... colorless among other things. I don't know it one could build a self replicating system on aliphatic chemistry alone, it might just be too floppy to allow for sufficient stability. Sort of like trying to build a bridge with rectangles but no triangles!
Still, there's another interesting question here. Suppose there were sulfur or silicon based life. Would we even recognise it as alive? We are so used to the kind of life we see on earth, maybe we are too parochial in our expectations of what life should look like! Well it would have to reproduce would it not to be life? But maybe the real que would be if it "shot back" at us? Then again its pace of metabolism might be so fast or so slow that we would not take note of it at all!
Wrong. Darwin simply replaced one mystical 'agency' with another. He called his, "Natural Selection". When it was pointed out that that mystical something or other did not account for origins, but only for statistical distributionb, he cribbed from Lamarck and called the new 'agency', "Pangenesis". Basically the Lamarckian idea that information acquired by the parent organism could be and is transferred to its offspring by communication between somatic and germ cells in the parent. Oddly, it was the neo-darwinian, Weismann, who went to great lengths with some poor mice to show that this was not the case. See also "chemical affinity", another idea 'borrowed' by Darwin.  Nope natural selection is not agency. The term agency is reserved for purposeful, planned actions. Natural selection is not purposeful, nor intelligent. Of course if you wish to claim that all phenotypic variants have equal probabilities of survival and thus there is NO natural selection then I will gladly review your evidence.  IAC, Darwin's ideas were dead in the water until Fisher, Haldane, Wright, and other statisticians invented the latest mystical 'agency', that is, "Random, Accidental, Beneficial/Adaptive, Genetic Mutation". Together or separately, both Darwin's "NS" and Fisher et al's "RM" are the mystical 'agency' that most of the world calls "Lady Luck". Only darwinists believe that they are talking 'science' when they use their mystical vocabulary. Nope. Variation is not an agency either, and its certainly not mysterious. And its not necessary that all possible variants be equally probable either which is what truly random variation would imply. Its only necessary that the variation mechanisms produce a statistical distribution of fitness around the population mean. That distribution need not be randomly aligned with the optimal fitness vector and most likely will not be so aligned or biased. However IF it is biased it does not negate the equations of population genetics or NDS.
IOW, you wish to reduce the difference between a live cell and a dead cell, indeed, the difference between life and death as realities, to a mere semantic quibble that can be honestly related to other 'quibbles' that truly are semantic. Nice try. Very "sophist"-icated.   Nope. I wish to point out that stating whether a given system is alive or not-alive is a problem in classifying systems - ie a taxonomic problem. All taxonomies are somewhat arbitrary. I've already pointed out that quantum reality has solved all of these Eleatic conundrums and paradoxes. In this instance, a 'pile' is when one quantum [a grain of sand]is plied upon another [grain of sand], and not upon a separate base. Once a 'pile' is achieved, it can get bigger, quantitatively, but it remains, 'a pile', qualitatively. Remove the grains one at a time, you still have a 'pile', quantitately and qualitately, until the last grain is removed from the top of another. At that point, even if you have thousands of grains, quantitatively speaking, still standing on your base, since noe of them are standing on another, you no longer have the qualitative state known as a 'pile' of sand. Same thing goes for space, time, velocity, and everything else in quantum reality, including life. [/INDENT] Sorry WW but LIFE is not a quantized variable nor is it a binary one. Taxonomic categories like LIFE are fuzzy and inevitably so. In your counter example there are many who would say that two grains of sand do not constitute a pile, or three, or even four. And of course a pile of sand while quantized in that it consists of particles is at such a large scale that quantum considerations do not apply to a significant degree.   You might have a point if you could find a living organism the size of an atom or something like a living Bose condensate - but that seems very improbable. "Fuzzy logic"?!? In your case, voodoo logic. You need to work on your 'lateral thinking' skills. If you do not understand the application of fuzzy set theory and similar continual logic systems to taxonomic problems then you should introduce yourself to this school of thought. You can start by reading the works of Bart Kosko. Oh stop being so pompously pretentious, can't you?! Try makingh amn argument that sticks, right here in this forum, instead of always pretending to know something you don't, and is, in 9 cases out of 10, utterly beside the point in question. There is no pertinent relation between the notion of 'fuzzy logic' and the distinction between life and death.  It is as I have said repeatedly a taxonomic problem, a problem of classification. It is such problems that are particulary amenable to fuzzy logic concepts and methods. If you don't understand why or how then read about it. You might learn more than you expect.
Malarkey. Take that tack and everything we know or think we know about anything at all is nothing but arbitrarily assigned semantics. You can adopt that metaphysical position if you like, but I won't.  You already did when you invoked vitality as a force with no evidence whatsoever of its existense or necessity. One might even call that a metamystical position. Empirical my eye. Oh and by the way I am a qualified professional especially in biology and chemistry.
Life is more than "a taxonomic category". It's a real actuality, an empirically observable phenomenon. Stop hiding behind your phony semantic bluff. I've already called it. Yes life is real but so is H. sapiens. Most taxonomic categories are real. That does not mean that they are sharply definable by binary logics though. For example you are still not really able to say with precision tht viruses are or are not alive! Again its a matter of slicing a continuium into catagories. A process which is inevitably going to be fuzzy for some distance either side of the presumed bright line boundary.
Better idea, stop hand-waving, use material from your insinuated sources and prove that life is nothing real, but only a "taxonomical label" that is "amenable to fuzzy logic", along with all the other pseudo-scientific guff you've been kicking up like dust in order to obscure a plain and simple issue. Reply With Quote Of course hand waving is not what I am doing. I am simply pointing out your error in assuming a two valued logic is applicable to assigning the properrty of Life to a given system. The boundary is inevitably fuzzy. As to my "insinuated sources" if thats meant to be insulting its not. My sources are well known to the community of scholars and scientists. You like anyone else here is perfectly free to locate and read the sources. It will take you less than two minutes to find the key works in fuzzy logic. Takes longer to read and understand their implications however. I of course assume in that that you do know how to do trivial searches, I suppose I could be wrong. If you are motivated to learn you will find and read the materials if not then nothing I do will alter your stubborn and willful ignorance.:xbanghead
Still, there's another interesting question here. Suppose there were sulfur or silicon based life. Would we even recognise it as alive? We are so used to the kind of life we see on earth, maybe we are too parochial in our expectations of what life should look like! Well it would have to reproduce would it not to be life? But maybe the real que would be if it "shot back" at us? Then again its pace of metabolism might be so fast or so slow that we would not take note of it at all!  Is reproduction enough to qualify as life? I mean, if your computer copies a MP3, does that qualify as parthenogenesis?
No but if the computer copies itself? Maybe? But I suspect makers of computers are not quite ready to allow that to happen! Too much vitalism is bad for the bottom line!
Why is that so unsurprising? Is it it because "the equations of population genetics [and] NDS" are irrelevent to biological evolution? Nope its because your concepts of science and biology and evolution as you employ them are irrelevant to your claims and arguments. Shamefully so in fact.
Go play statistics with a census-taker. We're talking biological mechanisms for evolutiuon here. Unfortunately evolution can only be understood on the basis of probability and statistics combined with a modest knowledge of genetics and ecology. No statistics no evolution you see. No variation in probabilities then no evolution. You cannot get there at all without the statistics - which I would hastten to add are just mathematics. You do know that mathematics is a key to most sciences do you not? But if you don't have the necessary background you can sit in the back of the class and be silent until you pick up the basics.
Suppose there were sulfur or silicon based life. Would we even recognise it as alive? We are so used to the kind of life we see on earth, maybe we are too parochial in our expectations of what life should look like!  It's certainly a fascinating question. I wonder if it might suffer at the hands of a problem we've already encountered here. Life is pretty much defined as what we say it is. If we say life has to involve cells, then a crystalline entity would presumably not count.  A silicon-based entity could be able to grow, produce energy, perhaps even reproduce - but there are already inorganic systems that can do similar things. I'd still like to see a proper definition from WW as to what constitutes 'life' (without recourse to anything as nebulous as 'vitality').
It's certainly a fascinating question. I wonder if it might suffer at the hands of a problem we've already encountered here. Life is pretty much defined as what we say it is. If we say life has to involve cells, then a crystalline entity would presumably not count.  A silicon-based entity could be able to grow, produce energy, perhaps even reproduce - but there are already inorganic systems that can do similar things. I'd still like to see a proper definition from WW as to what constitutes 'life' (without recourse to anything as nebulous as 'vitality').  Yeah, I agree that defining life can be a pretty arbitrary exercise, and I've yet to see a concise, comprehensive, scientific definition that encompasses everything we generally and colloquially think of as alive, and excludes everything we don't. There are some that are pretty good (e.g. life transduces energy, has metabolism and homeostasis, replicates, mutates and evolves), but it's always possible to find some exception! (E.g. is a bacterial spore or freeze-dried tardigrade alive, not-alive or in suspended animation? Is a bottled and crystallised virus alive? Is a reproducing virus in a cell alive? Etc.)  Probably the most pragmatic definition of life is to ask whether the scientist studying it regards him or herself as a biologist, physicist or chemist!   But don't expect much change from wabbit on the nature of The Vital Force. You have to believe in these things, rather than understand them!
How about trotting out that hoary old saw originally cited re pornography: You know it when you see it.  Well, I've never denied the value of intuition! Still, it needs to be informed intuition. If a biologist is studying it, I am prepared to agree it is or at least could be a form of life.
No-one expects weason fwom the wascally wabbit! emoticon_xhoho
** "Life"-- the inherent general property common to all natural organisms, one that enables them to demonstrate particular dynamic psychical properties, (to greater or lesser degrees), none of which dynamic psychical phenomena are inherent and detectable in natural passive machine systems and simple, 'bits of stuff'.   That, off the top of my head, should be enough to get the ball into your court.  Well no wonder the top of his head is off! There's nothing inside to keep it on!  Sooooooo... The Vitalistic Force is psychic. Which means, I suppose that biologists must abandon the notion that any organism that doesn't exhibit psychical activity, whatever the hell that is, is alive. Hmmmm... bacteria? Not alive. Algae? Not alive. Protozoa? Not alive. Plants? Not alive.  Well, we seem to have excluded most of biology from the study of living organisms. Whatever next? emoticon_xgood
Glad to see you don't resort to veiled attacks on other users when you have no argument. :)  And even when he has an argument he still usually (always?) has no valid argument.
The burn is fine, but I could use the ice for my scotch. Thanks! Oh come on he did not even warm up the surface. Like expecting sunburn from a 7 watt bulb which has burned out.
Careful granny - next thing you will be agreeing with everyone - its not your style. As has been said by Dorthy Parker "Candy is Dandy but Liquor is Quicker".
http://www7.nationalgeographic.com/ngm/0611/feature4/  And you may want to read that popularization in national geo about fins, limbs, wings.
** You'll love it if you're into mystical demi-gods/goddesses called, "Evolution", who, apparently, are into 'special creation', one bit at a time.  Says the guy who invents new fundamental forces (which are invisible, unmeasurable and undetectable, but they're there dammit!), to fill the gaps in his understanding
** You'll love it if you're into mystical demi-gods/goddesses called, "Evolution", who, apparently, are into 'special creation', one bit at a time.  There is evidence for genes that influence one's tendency to believe.  Here is an exerpt that appeared in Scientific American.com  Faith-Boosting Genes A search for the genetic basis of spirituality  Cloninger found that spiritual people tend to share a set of characteristics, such as feeling connected to the world and a willingness to accept things that cannot be objectively demonstrated. Analyzing the cigarette study, Hamer confirmed what earlier studies had found: heredity is partly responsible for whether a person is self-transcendent or not. He then looked at the DNA samples of some of his subjects, hoping to find variants of genes that tended to turn up in self-transcendent people.   His search led him to a gene known as VMAT2. Two different versions of this gene exist, differing only at a single position. People with one version of the gene tend to score a little higher on self-transcendence tests. Although the influence is small, it is, Hamer claims, consistent. About half the people in the study had at least one copy of the self-transcendence-boosting version of VMAT2, which Hamer dubs the God gene.  Why should there not also be genes for accepting the divinity of what one comes to believe?  Or, you could go on with your rant about evolution from the view of the blind who refuse to read brail or listen to talking books and say things like that whcih appeared in quote above.  Its your choice wascally. Either you have a position or evidence on whether there is scientific evidence for or against the devine.  If not, the title is apt and our administrator should serious consider taking action against you.
You'll love it if you're into mystical demi-gods/goddesses called, "Evolution", who, apparently, are into 'special creation', one bit at a time. Nope, there are no demigods or other divine entities mentioned in the article. Its about evolution of parts. Certainly not special creation of all things. Just NDS and some modern genetics. You are a puzzlement WW I thought you could read an article pitched at a 10'th grade level without such enormous difficulty. Alas I appear to be wrong. Mea Culpa.
** "Life"-- the inherent general property common to all natural organisms, one that enables them to demonstrate particular dynamic psychical properties, (to greater or lesser degrees), none of which dynamic psychical phenomena are inherent and detectable in natural passive machine systems and simple, 'bits of stuff'.   That, off the top of my head, should be enough to get the ball into your court.  I'm still looking for that ball. I think it's gone over the fence, over the road and quite possibly into orbit.   Do you mean 'physical'? Or have you invented a new word? Either way that answer's about the wooliest I've ever seen. Congratulations!
Your article consistently refers to 'evolution' as the _cause_ of biological change over time, when in fact evolution is a description of the effects, biological changes, experienced by organismic lineages over time. The ridiculous attrribution of causation to its own effects is what I mocked, but you are still incapable of grasping anything more subtle than a kick in the head with a frozen boot. We all realize that you are the arbiter of all things scientific even though you cannot apparently grap the meaning of published works. Evolution is a process more or less consisting of VSI and its as much a cause of long term biological change as a grinding beef is of hamburger.
You miss the point. Evolution is a process, grinding meat is a process. Evolution was never postulated as a cause nor was natural selection by Darwin anyway. Read the title of the book!  " The Origins of the Species by Means of Natural Selection or The Preservation of Favored Races in the Struggle for Life"  NS is put forth as a mechanism not as a cause. A MEANS not a cause. Just as a meat grinder is a MEANS for making Hamburger. You misuse the term cause for your own theory by the way you are simply proposing a different mechanism - A MEANS not a cause once more.
Again we see WW retreat to arguing definitions and insults when the facts abandon him to his own devices.  Exactly how many times do simple definitions have to be explained to you WW? It really doesn't matter if you don't agree with the word or the way it's used, that is the accepted definition. Don't like it, too bad
HAW!! I knew that you wouldn't be able to over-ride your ego. Thanks for the yucks. And I rather suspected you would be unable to read what I wrote with even a trace of comprehension. I shall be less subtle in the future.
** Dictionaries decide definitions from common usage, not from special needs by darwinists like you guys. Since you obviously don't know the difference between 'cause' and 'process', or between 'cause' and 'means', any better than your afflicted buddy does, you best get a dictionary and learn a little something about the language you think you're speaking, bud. Or you guys can just keep on providing fuel for merriment. "Howls of deroysive lafta, Brouse!"--Monty Python.  Indeed they do and you do not bother with the meanings of words very much.  CONSIDER WORDS RELATED to AGENT. One entry found for agent. Entry Word: agent Function: noun Text: 1 something used to achieve an end <the whitening agent in the detergent is chlorine bleach< <the Church has been the traditional agent for social justice in impoverished countries< Synonyms agency, instrument, instrumentality, machinery, means, medium, organ, vehicle Related Words determinant, expedient, factor, influence, ingredient, mechanism, tool; activator, catalyst, driver, energizer, executor, generator, instigator, launcher, mover, power, stimulus, trigger  And then the term cause. Entry Word: cause Function: noun Text: 1 someone or something responsible for a result <the much-debated causes of the American Civil War< Synonyms antecedent, occasion, reason   Causes and means are distinct. Both NS and meatgrinders are means.  Bear in mind my specific language.  Evolution is a process more or less consisting of VSI and its as much a cause of long term biological change as a grinding beef is of hamburger.  GOT that silly wabbit?
Exactly how many times must it be pointed out to you that certain words have different meanings and uses dependent on context? I think we've passed an even dozen times now already, haven't we? Once again, define the word "port" for me.
Exactly which part of my post do you find the most laughable? The idea that words found in common usage can have definitions used almost exlusively in a specialized context? Or the part where I pointed out that this is the same damn thing we've covered with you 15 times already, and you still haven't caught on? Myself, I don't find that funny, I find it depressing.
Dictionaries decide definitions from common usage, not from special needs by darwinists like you guys. Since you obviously don't know the difference between 'cause' and 'process', or between 'cause' and 'means', any better than your afflicted buddy does, you best get a dictionary and learn a little something about the language you think you're speaking, bud. Or you guys can just keep on providing fuel for merriment. "Howls of deroysive lafta, Brouse!"--Monty Python. Actually I was making a careful distinction between causes and means (mechanisms). Its just that you missed the point of the words. You are the one asserting otherwise. Read the words once again my lagomorph. Read em and weep.  Evolution is a process more or less consisting of VSI and its as much a cause of long term biological change as a grinding beef is of hamburger.  What there do you fail to grasp? You do understand do you not that evolution is being analogized to grinding beef to make hamburger and that griniding and evolution are both processes rather than causes. I suspect the meaning some how escaped your mental processes for some reason. I thought it perfectly clear. Perhaps you now understand.
WW hop over to this link and study the information there. It pretty much debunks your buddy Carins intrepretation of his results by providing actual mechanims which explain them.  http://genetics.hannam.ac.kr/note/evolution.htm   Nine years ago John Cairns and his colleagues at the Harvard School of Public Health reported in the influential journal Nature sensational experiments "suggesting that cells may have mechanisms for choosing which mutations will occur" specifically, in ways that give those cells an advantage tn stressful conditions. This radical proposal collided head-on with the sacrosanct principle of genetics that mutations occur at a rate that is completely unrelated to whatever consequences they might have. Cairns's suggestion thus consequence the ghost of Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, who argued in the 19th century that species evolve through the inheritance do " acquired" characteristics &#12641; ones that individuals develop in response to environmental challenges.
In other words, what is the nature of bliss? Most likely an endorphin response when one uses a certain combination of brain centers that exist as a result of behavioral evolution but are programmed through a developmental imprint of some sort. Belief is bliss and bliss is certainty and certainty is security. Probably some primal biological directive like that at the root of it.
Bliss is ignorance and Ignorance is bliss. This is all ye know and all ye need to know.
Bliss is ignorance and Ignorance is bliss. This is all ye know and all ye need to know.  That was implied, but thank you for stating the obvious for people not following. In other words, the root of belief is probably a vestigial evolutionary adaptation of cognitive behavior which enhanced social cohesiveness, (undoubtedly a bonus early on), and it is a state of mind which is nurtured with the best reason available to it, even if that reason is bad.
Bliss is ignorance and Ignorance is bliss. This is all ye know and all ye need to know.  That was implied, but thank you for stating the obvious for people not following. I would not reduce bliss absolutely to that, however. In other words, the root of belief is probably a vestigial evolutionary adaptation of cognitive behavior which enhanced social cohesiveness, (undoubtedly a bonus early on), and it is a state of mind which is nurtured with the best reason available to it, even if that reason was bad. Belief can be a partner to good reason as well as bad.
Here, everyone who doubts God's word on how He created everything in six days. Here is evidence that humans once saw dinosaurs - a carving in a Cambodian temple of a stegosauris dinosaur: http://www.bible.ca/tracks/tracks-cambodia.htm  How do you Darwinists who believe dinosaurs existed millions of years ago and not with humans explain this?  Here is the actual picture:
Love the quote from the site: "One of the animals enclosed in these circles is a stegosaurus."   Based on what? The fact that it looks like a hippo? Give me a break! This is the most pathetic creo-#### I've seen to date.   It looks just like a stegosauris. All your cursing toward it does nothing to change this - you seem to be in denial.
Looks like a hippo.  There are no hippos in Cambodia. Try again.
Love the quote from the site: "One of the animals enclosed in these circles is a stegosaurus."   Based on what? The fact that it looks like a hippo? Give me a break! This is the most pathetic creo-#### I've seen to date.  I'm dissapointed in you Liminus. I would think you could come up with a more rational argument for rejecting EDO's evidence for his claim. You know as well as I do that hippos don't have plates lined down the length of their backs as Stegs do. And nothing about that pictograph resembles a hippo. It also begs the question about how primitive men with no archeological or paleontologic knowledge could have hewn an accurate rendition of a creature into the stone that became extinct sixty some od million years ago. WEIRD HUH ? And the age of the ruins it was found in have been confirmed and established I believe.  http://www.bible.ca/tracks/tracks-cambodia-stegasarus.jpg  Notice the downward sloping head with the upward swinging plate at the very top of the forehead as only a stegasarus had. And have you ever seen a hippo with a tail that long ? I think not. No hippo, and neither can it be a Rhino as it has no cone shaped horn protruding upward from above its snout. So how does a pictograph of a long extinct creature show up on ruins from the 12th century ? That is the question for debate. Is it possible that there are realities in our past that we just aren't aware of with our current level of understanding ? I believe there are, and many.   And just mocking EDO and scoffing that the suggestion is crazy isn't a response to the photographic evidence that approximately 800 years ago some primitive artisan cut an allegedly long extinct animal into a wall for this generation to see and recognize for the type of animal and classification it belongs to.
So what? There are no stegasaurus in Cambodia. Your point is...?  then why/how was it sculpted?
Does the depiction of gargoyles on churches prove their existance?  Or does the book 'Day of the Triffids' mean that they were running around in the mid 1900s?  Primitive peolpe have always imagined monsters to be lurking in the shadows. So, this carving vaguely resembles an image that modern day scientists imagine a stegasaurus may have looked like by extrapolating from fossil findings. At best this suggests that dinosaurs might have been around at the time. It is far from proof. It's a shame that there is far more evidence to the contrary.  :) Smiley:)   It did make me laugh though.  that column is not full of mystical creatures....all are real...why would the artist decide to stick one imaginary creature among the other real ones?
*Slaps head* believe it or not I actually didn't notice the spinal plates! So my apologies for such an abrupt dismissal of the picture, which does resemble a hippo/rhino analogue species if you ignore the plates.   I actually can't believe I did that...emoticon_emb   Still, my overarching point is that just because it is a picture of a lizard with spinal plates in no way suggests that this is a dinosaur. less still specifically a stegosaurus; there are many extant lizards with spinal features such as iguanas, and many large creatures were hunted to extinction by early man, some of which we have fossils of.  The main argument I would use is that representative carvings of animals do not invalidate the very reliable fossil record, which shows not a single dinosaur, ever, after the K/T boundary. I would conclude that the picture either represents  1) a creature imagined to exist after that ancient culture itself found a fossil, or  2) an entirely imaginary mythological creature, of which we have many western examples; the dragon, the griffon, the hydra, the pegasus.  I have been following a debate on IIDB where a certain creationist keeps asserting that the most reliable facts about the past come from human-created records, in that case specifically written records, but equally applicable to his argument would be this carving. I disagree with this premise because   1) Humans have imagination and  2) Physical evidence is more conclusive  It is puzzling, but geology and paleontology are fields that offer mountains of evidence which suggest that the creature represented here cannot be a dinosaur - if there were dinosaurs in that area in the time that carving was made, it is highly probable that their remains would have been found in the most recent geological layers, a discovery that would make the finders instantly famous. Until such evidence arises (and I suspect that it will not) there is no way a carving will convince me, in much the same way that, if someone showed me a very convincing picture of a car from 1000 years ago, I would look for another explanation than a very precocious inventor or time travel.  You understand? The paleontological evidence is so mountainous, and so self-consistent that a carving of an exotic-looking reptilian, while puzzling, does not, for me, ask the question "Is this a dinosaur?" It asks the questions "What could this reptilian creature be?" and also, particularly, "Does this carving even represent a real creature?" I know nothing of early SE asian culture, but it is quite possible that this is a mythological beastie or a large lizard that is not a dinosaur but is nevertheless extinct. Given extra evidence, such as the authenticity, reliability and extent of the fossil record, that 'quite possible' becomes 'very probable'.  Liminus, what if all of the so called mountains of evidence is based on incorrectly interpreted evidence ? What if scientist have made errors in just one aspect of how they have dated fossils or interpreted the Geological evidence ? Wouldn't one mistake in estimating the Age of the Earth or the Age when life first arrived on the Planet have changed all of the results that you base your perspective of reality on ? What if all of the huge and massive assumptions your science is based on is wrong from start to finish and I am right that fossils could never last 65+ million years intact.  SP has a ridiculous thread right now about a fungus that has survived 400+ million years. Now realistically thinking, how many years would an object lie on the surface before it was naturally buried by the sedimentary process ? Would a fungus survive the hundreds of years at least that it would take before being buried by the natural elements ? But none of you have questioned that at all. It seems totally rational to your mindset. Is it absolutely impossible for you to consider something objectively, from the perspective of an open mind allowing for the possibility that you might not have all the answers you think you have ? And then there's this dung from SP...   Don't feel bad, Liminus, I didn't even see them either until you just said something. Looking more closely, I suggest first that everyone look at the website and scroll down to where the dark-haired guy is leaning against the pillar next to the carving. Take note of the two carvings beneath it - two other creatures there, both with the same "fins", but both obviously different from the "stegosaurus" That suggest to me a sort of decoration,  Now if any of you will look at what she is referring to you wont see anything like she is describing at all. No consistent use of plates attached to the animals as is shown in the close up picture I posted. Here it is again.  http://www.bible.ca/tracks/tracks-cambodia-stegasarus.jpg  Now, why should we believe that any of the so called evidence that evos base the mass extinctions on is any more reliable, given their personal investment in having their lifes work recognized when a fraud like SP will reinterpret the same reality we can all see right here in EDO's link in post 1 that she is outright lying and blatantly misrepresenting what we can all clearly see is not what she say's it is.
Thanks GiantOreo   Well, Archie, if it hadn't been for G.O. PMing me and telling me about your post here, I'd have never seen it. I had you on ignore, but I am most definitely replying to THIS post - your accusations of me being a liar and someone who is misrepresenting need to be answered.  What you have done here, Archie, is SLANDER.  You accuse me of outright lying, due to the fact that YOU CANNOT EVEN READ SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS! The picture G.O. posted was the one I was talking about, and I assumed that everyone here could follow simple, step-by-step instructions to reach it.  Either you re incapable of reading the instructions, or it is YOU who is outright lying.  Some Christian you are being, Archie. I ecpect a prompt apology, and hope you ask God to forgive you as well.  In usual Archibald fashion, we see a post by him filled with deceit.  I assume you are talking about the humongous fungus thread? I did not see anyone there claim that a fungus survived 400 million years. A fossil of a fungus, yes, but not a fungus itself. Oh, and who says it would take hundreds of years to become buried? I live near a natural (not controlled) river, and when it floods it lays down quite the layer of mud and silt, and often covers up my garden completely. But that is an issue that is off-topi, so keep it in the other thread.    Then there's this dung from Archibald, who HIGHLIGHTS THE WRONG PART OF THE INSTRUCTIONS.   If you actually READ what SP wrote (as I did), you would have no problem finding the part in question - I found it right away (funny how I don't see a dark-haired guy leaning against a column in your picture). Here is what she wrote:  Funny how you bolded the wrong part - was this deliberate, or did you not see this?   By following SP's directions, I found the picture that is attached to this post, in which I see several creatures with these "plates".  So, the question remains - were you being deliberately decietful in this post, or did you just not read it through (as with most posts you respond to)?  Let me clarify my original statement SP. You have attempted to incorrectly misinterpret the photos to serve your warped and inaccurate perspective which is your attempt to lie and deceive by twisting what the pictures below the picture in question reflects, and apparently G.O. is your equally dishonest sidekick now. In the 2nd one down, it's the hair of a man that is shown in the hewn rock. The creature above the man I don't recognize but the design on the edges of it are nothing like decorative carving that can be attributed to the sculptor adding plates for effect and not for a specific reason. So you are attempting to distort the sculptors depiction of the creatures he created in stone simply because creating a perfectly detailed image of anything in stone with the accuracy of a photo is impossible, so why not reinterpret it to serve your own perspective, right ?   And I did look at the right picture with the man standing by the wall, so I didn't base my critique on your deception on the single picture I reposted for effect. Here's the picture in question for all to see.  http://www.4forums.com/political/attachment.php?attachmentid=292&d=1184903199  So in response to your demand for an apology, slander is slander only if it's based on a lie or inaccurately describing someone. And in your case, I'm right on the money because you have attempted to distort what is represented in the two lower carvings in that wall in order to distort the accuracy depicted in the Steg carving. Very dishonest, deceitful and typically SP and now, your cohort in deception and misinformation too, G.O. . Thank's for once again lowering the bar of a debate with your blatant yet shallow dishonesty.
This thread really puts the 'fun' in 'fundie science'!  Glad to help, now let's get serious...  NO! NO! NO!  You don't *need* to base anything on one piece of evidence unless that piece of evidence be that there are certain physical laws. If these physical laws *aren't* the case then we're pretty much screwed on knowing anything including whether the world really exists, Bible and all, and whether we're actually having this conversation at all.  Not true at all Otto. The misinterpretation of data surrounding our origins, the age of the Earth, the Universe etc. etc. needn't change the basic facts that we have discovered at all. I don't deny that Dinos existed at all. But I deny that Dino Fossils can reasonably be expected to have survived from 65 to 350 million years while at the VERY SAME TIME scientists are unable to discover a cadre of fossil evidence that is between the age of 5000 and 50,000 years young. Why didn't the younger fossils survive enmasse while the older ones are everywhere ? In great Flood debates right on this forum by your own allies it has been argued that no fossil evidence of a Worldwide flood exists. I say that at the level of strata that the most fossils are found at and attributed to the event of 65 million years ago is actually the event of the Great Flood which has been misunderstood by science.  I suggest to you that the alleged older fossil record is really the younger evidence that has ALWAYS been misinterpreted by evos.   You can correlate data from different methods of dating. Let's say radioactive decay rates were different in the past. Why have their rates all changed in lock-step so that they're all proportionatly the same today? How come we can correlate carbon dating with dendrochronology? Why do rates of deposition and erosion appear to correlate with the timescales we're looking at here.  Again, the inventors of these technologies has every motivation to base their accuracy on results that reflect ages in the multiple millions of years of fossils. And those scientists who test and use such devices would send back as defective any device that reflected ages of T-Rex for example 5 to 50,000 years old. So it is the preconceived notions within the scientific community that determines the ages of fossils, not the devices they use to confirm their findings.  I'm not even insisting that the Radiometric and Radiocarbon devices that have been invented can't be valid technology that can actually work. What I'm saying is these machines are still calibrated by men who have preconceived notions as to the acceptable outcomes, and have all heard about how every new technology that originally came out with much younger numbers than were expected were redesigned and re-calibrated to reflect the expected outcome before they were considered reliable and accepted by scientists in the field.   BTW even if that *was* an actual stegosauraus, so what? Theoretically it would be possible for a stegosaurus population to have survived until historical times. It's unlikely. It isn't the most likely explanation for that carving, but it *could* have happened. That hardly represents good evidence for the YEC case.  In addition to all of the other historical records of sightings around the World from diverse and numerous Societies that had no contact or knowledge of the others existence over that past 2000 years, it is not only likely but very probable that man has coexisted with Dinos and they weren't wiped out by a major event 65 million years ago at all, but were hunted to extinction by our very own ancestors.   This would explain the voluminous amounts of evidence from around the World in pictorial depictions by innumerable societies that these creatures were real to them and not mythical in any way. I mean, common sense should tell us that primitive man had no means by which to accurately portray, draw, depict or recreate an accurate rendition of creatures they had absolutely no reason to believe ever existed at all if they had been extinct for 65 million years or so.   Trust your ability to reason and deduce rationally rather than place your faith in machines that are created and used by people who without doubt have a huge personal investment in the outcomes they claim to support. And just ask these questions I'm asking. Make no claims, but ask for answers to these questions that the powers that be in these sciences insist you must never even ask. Why must we not ask questions that conflict with the known alleged evidence they are asking us to take on faith ? Ask yourself that question if the evidence they put forth is so strong.
So you are going to claim now that these two do not havethe exact same sort of plates? Why do I even bother?  Well, everyone else look, and see - the two below it have the exact same sort of spikes (one seems to have it on it's side/back). They havethe same sort of "plates". So you all can decide for yourself. I'm really not sure if it is decoration, or if it is an attempt at apicture of an iguana (after all, it has the same "head bump", as you can see in the iguana pic that was posted.  Oh, and I should have known better than to expect an apology from you for you slander. After all, it isn't bad if it's Slander For Jesus! (TM) The fact that you call yourself Christian, well, that's just mindboggling.  Wonderful, you completely validate my claim by maintaining your ridiculous assertion that the artisan was attempting to depict an Iguana by placing 6 plates on its back rather than the thin spines found on your Iguana Picture here. Look at them again and insist you're right, but don't try to convince me of your foolishness.   Iguana: http://www.4forums.com/political/attachment.php?attachmentid=291&d=1184891823   EDO's Stegasarus photo: http://www.bible.ca/tracks/tracks-cambodia-stegasarus.jpg  Picture of man standing next to wall: http://www.4forums.com/political/attachment.php?attachmentid=292&d=1184903199
The trouble with arguing with creationists is that you always have to start at the beginning. And I mean at the very beginning. Every single time...  First of all are you really asking why there are fewer fossils available for a 45,000 year period as compared to a 360 million year period?! Secondly there's plenty of fossil evidence of Holocene life. Check the La Brea Tar Pits. That's not to mention the unfossilized remains of (e.g. mammoths) that have been found in permafrost. Generally fossilization takes much longer than 5-50,000 years.  Suggest away old bean. Building a house on foundations of sand is a bad idea I hear.   Oh dear. The inventors of radioactive decay? And they're all in cahoots with each other? All of the inventors of different methods of dating? So who was it that faked all of those tree rings? That must've been an epic job.  I'd have to write an entire thesis to disbuse this notion and I can't really be bothered.   There are no historical records or sightings that could unequivocally be a dinosaur, nor even the most likely explanation.   Oh dear...  You call this an intelligent response to valid questions Otto ? You disappoint me my friend.
Here Otto, I'm not the only one who believes as I do regarding your dating methods and their reliability. Here's an excerpt and the link.  http://www.answersingenesis.org/creation/v17/i3/pigs.asp  The pigs took it all  by Marvin L. Lubenow A popular myth is that radioactive dating methods confirm the geologic time-scale and the concept of human evolution. The methods appear so impressive that many Christians accept them as evidence that the earth is very old. The best way to expose this myth is to study the dating of the East African KBS Tuff strata and the famous fossil KNM-ER 1470.1 Richard Leakey, son of famed palaeoanthropologists Louis and Mary Leakey, visited the fossil deposits east of Lake Rudolf (now Lake Turkana) in northern Kenya in 1967. He immediately organized an expedition to search for hominid fossils. The most important fossil discovered there is KNM-ER 1470. Skull 1470 is modern in appearance, but was originally estimated by Richard Leakey to be about 2.9 million years old. One early geologist with Richard Leakey at East Rudolf was Kay Behrensmeyer. Seeking to unravel the geology of the area, she discovered a layer of volcanic ash or tuff that became known as the Kay Behrensmeyer Site (the KBS Tuff). If the KBS Tuff were anywhere else, no one would give it a second thought. At East Rudolf it is of utmost importance. First, although human fossils and artefacts (tools) cannot usually be dated radiometrically, the KBS Tuff can. It contains radioactive potassium 40, which decays to argon 40. Second, artefacts have been found in association with the KBS Tuff. The assumption is that the tuff gives an estimate of the age of the stone tools. Third, hundreds of Homo and australopithecine fossils have been found above and below the KBS Tuff. The date of the tuff thus becomes a maximum age for fossils found above it and a minimum for fossils below it. The first attempt to date the KBS Tuff was in 1969, well before the discovery of skull 1470. Richard Leakey supplied rock samples to F.J. Fitch (Birkbeck College, University of London) and J.A. Miller (Cambridge University) - recognized authorities in potassium-argon (K-Ar) dating. Fitch and Miller's first analysis gave evolutionary dates from 212 million to 230 million years of age. Concerning this they said, 'From these results it was clear that an extraneous argon age discrepancy was present ...'.2 How did they know? The associated fossils told them. In spite of our being assured that dating methods constitute independent confirmation of evolutionary dates, associated fossils had already determined the 'acceptable' dates. Based on their alleged evolution, the australopithecine and other mammalian fossils found beneath the KBS Tuff had determined that the rocks should be between 2 and 5 million years old. Dates of 212 to 230 million years old were far off. Without the associated fossils, however, there would be no way for an evolutionary geologist to know if these were 'good' or 'bad' dates. Under other circumstances, and without fossils to guide them, evolutionary geologists could have accepted these dates as 'good'. Fitch and Miller requested new samples. From these they concluded from pumice lumps and feldspar crystals that the age of the KBS Tuff was 2.61 million years.3 It was because Leakey found skull 1470 below this tuff after it had been dated at 2.61 million years and above rock dated at 3.18 million years that he estimated the skull to be 2.9 million years old. DATING PIGS AND ELEPHANTS In 1972, before skull 1470 was announced, Vincent Maglio (Princeton University) published in Nature a chronology of the hominid-bearing sediments east of Lake Rudolf, which included the KBS Tuff.4 His work was based on lineages of two species of pig and one of elephant. Maglio's dates were compatible with the radiometric date arrived at by Fitch and Miller, and were considered to confirm their date. In 1974, a third chronology of the area was published in Nature, based on palaeomagnetism.5 The conclusion of 2.7 to 3.0 million years seemed to represent a 'bulls-eye' for the correlation of the various dating methods.6 By late 1974, the KBS Tuff had been dated five different times by four different dating methods. The alleged compatibility of the different methods would seem to be a geologist's dream. However, under the surface, skull 1470 with its estimated date of 2.9 million years presented the evolutionary world with an intolerable situation. The theory of human evolution did not allow a skull so modern to be that old. Nevertheless Richard Leakey continued to fight for this original date. If skull 1470 was 2.9 million years old, he had discovered the oldest member of the genus Homo; if it wasn't, he hadn't! Hence, he resisted lowering the age of the skull. Meanwhile, another study by G.H. Curtis and his associates (University of California, Berkeley) claimed to distinguish two tuff units. One gave an age of 1.6 million years and the other, where skull 1470 was found, gave 1.82 million years - both considerably younger than the five previous studies had reported. All of the above-cited articles spoke of the great difficulty in getting rock or crystal samples that were not altered, weathered, or derived from older rock. The question arises, How does one know when one has good samples for dating? The answer is that 'good' samples give dates in accord with evolutionary presuppositions. 'Bad' samples give dates not in conformity with evolution - a classic illustration of circular reasoning. On March 20, 1980, two more dating studies in Nature criticized the earlier work and claimed that the age of the KBS Tuff was 1.87 or 1.89 million years. Then in late 1981, Ian McDougall published his study of the KBS Tuff, giving a date of 1.88 million years. At that point, the 10-year controversy over the date of the KBS Tuff came to a close with agreement on the more recent date.  And here's a more in depth link with additional findings and evidence.  http://earthage.org/EarthOldorYoung/Radiometric%20Dating,%20and%20The%20Age%20of%20the%20Earth.htm
I'd call the bit about Holocene remains an absolute killer, old boy. What's your response?  Deal with the contradictions and respond to my evidence if you can. Science 20 July 2007: Vol. 317. no. 5836, pp. 358 - 361 DOI: 10.1126/science.1143325 Prev | Table of Contents | Next Reports A Late Triassic Dinosauromorph Assemblage from New Mexico and the Rise of Dinosaurs Randall B. Irmis,1* Sterling J. Nesbitt,2,3* Kevin Padian,1 Nathan D. Smith,4,5 Alan H. Turner,3 Daniel Woody,6 Alex Downs7 It has generally been thought that the first dinosaurs quickly replaced more archaic Late Triassic faunas, either by outcompeting them or when the more archaic faunas suddenly became extinct. Fossils from the Hayden Quarry, in the Upper Triassic Chinle Formation of New Mexico, and an analysis of other regional Upper Triassic assemblages instead imply that the transition was gradual. Some dinosaur relatives preserved in this Chinle assemblage belong to groups previously known only from the Middle and lowermost Upper Triassic outside North America. Thus, the transition may have extended for 15 to 20 million years and was probably diachronous at different paleolatitudes.  1 Museum of Paleontology and Department of Integrative Biology, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-4780, USA. 2 Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, Columbia University, Palisades, NY 10964, USA. 3 Division of Paleontology, American Museum of Natural History, New York, NY 10024, USA. 4 Committee on Evolutionary Biology, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA. 5 Geology Department, Field Museum of Natural History, Chicago, IL 60605, USA. 6 Department of Geological Sciences, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309-0399, USA. 7 Ruth Hall Museum of Paleontology, Ghost Ranch Conference Center, Abiquiu, NM 87510-9601, USA Interesting, they have Ice Cores that are only between 2000 and 4000 years old. Where's the Ancient ICE ? I mean if we suffered a type of Nuclear Winter 65 million years ago due to Asteroid that destroyed the Dinos, surely some of that Ice lay beneath the surface. And you know they drill a half mile deep anyway for their core samples. Consistency Otto, that's all I'm looking for here. Some consistency. Diversity of Holocene life forms in fossil glacier ice  Edited by G. Ledyard Stebbins, University of California, Davis, CA, and approved May 6, 1999 (received for review March 1, 1999)  Studies of biotic remains of polar ice caps have been limited to morphological identification of plant pollen and spores. By using sensitive molecular techniques, we now demonstrate a much greater range of detectable organisms; from 2000- and 4000-year-old ice-core samples, we obtained and characterized 120 clones that represent at least 57 distinct taxa and reveal a diversity of fungi, plants, algae, and protists. The organisms derive from distant sources as well as from the local arctic environment. Our results suggest that additional taxa may soon be readily identified, providing a plank for future studies of deep ice cores and yielding valuable information about ancient communities and their change over time.
The fundamental lack of knowledge in these posts truly astounds me.   Arch, you seem like a fairly intelligent and well spoken person, is your lack of knowledge and understanding of such topics intentional, or do you truly just not understand the basics of the world around you?  Where's the ancient ice?  Definitely one of the most absurd questions I've ever heard.   Ice preserved beneath the earth's surface? Have you never heard of the water table? Are you not aware that the temperature of the ground increases as you move toward the center of the earth?   Astounding.  Waxy  I didn't say "Ice preserved beneath the Earth surface" But the surface as below the surface ICE that is 2000-4000 years old. But why would I expect you to get that. I was speaking of an example like this. But this core deals with weather patterns, not life as the first example I posted about Ice Cores.  Record ice core gives fair forecast 18:00 09 June 2004 NewScientist.com news service Fred Pearce  As long as humans do not mess it up, the Earth's climate is set at fair for the next 15,000 years. That is according to information extracted from the oldest ice core ever drilled.  The Antarctic core is the first to reach as far back as a warm period with characteristics similar to our own interglacial. So it should help make more accurate predictions about when to expect the next deep freeze.  The ice core, drilled from a feature in central Antarctica called Dome C, is around 3 kilometres long and 10 centimetres wide. Changes in the relative proportions of hydrogen isotopes in the ice layers allow scientists to compile a complete record of Antarctic temperatures going back 740,000 years.  The core shows the waxing and waning of eight ice ages. Most critically for making predictions about our climate, it is the first core to record a period known as Termination V, around 430,000 years ago.  Warming pattern  At this point, the world moved from a glacial period into a long, warm interglacial, similar to this era. The previous longest ice-core record, drilled by the Soviet Union at Vostok in Antarctica between 1980 and 1988, went back only 420,000 years.  "All interglacials are slightly different, but we believe Termination V is the most similar to our own," says chief author of the new study, Eric Wolff, at the British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge, UK. It mirrors the pattern of solar warming between seasons and at different latitudes that are caused by fluctuations in the Earth's orbit known as the Milankovitch cycles.  It shows that the Termination V interglacial was unusually long, lasting 28,000 years. The current interglacial is now 12,000 years old, and some scientists feared that we might be heading for an ice age soon since at least one post-Termination V interglacial lasted just 10,000 years.  But the new findings suggest that even without the human hand in global warming, a new ice age would be unlikely for perhaps another 15,000 years, Wolff says.  Ice blanket  The core also sheds light on how ice ages have changed over the past million years. Since Termination V, ice ages have been very intense, with periods of cold weather that blanketed much of the northern hemisphere in ice for 80,000 years punctuated by short interglacials lasting typically 20,000 years.  But the new core shows that, prior to Termination V, the cold and warm periods of the glacial cycle each lasted around 50,000 years but were much less intense.  "Marine deposits suggested some of this, but it stands out much more clearly in the ice record," Wolff says.  Meanwhile, European and US scientists are discussing plans to survey for a site in Antarctica that will extend the record still further. "We want to go back at least 1.2 million years next time," Wolff says. "But we have to find somewhere that we can do it."  Journal reference: Nature (vol 429, p 623)
I wanted to reply last night, but I was laughing too hard to type. This post goes far beyond rediculous, but it is absolutely hillarious to watch these 2 new earth creationist's make total #&$%@$$#$ of themselves.  To be looked down upon by a XXXXX isn't such a bad thing snakepit. In fact one gets used to it when dealing with small minded people.  Funny that the bible does not seem to mention the dinosaurs. We see just about every other common animal in bible stories, but no dinosaurs. When dinosaurs roamed the earth, they were as common as any other animal we see today. Funny how we would not see common mention of them in the bible.  Now what are you going to say when I produce descriptions of Dinos in the bible snakepit, and even Dragons ? How loud will you scoff then ? And mock and insult me rather than accept that it describes them. The word Dinosaur didn't exist until the 19th Century so it isn't in the bible but explain these descriptions if you can. See Behemoths, Leviathans and Tanniyn (Dragon) as described in the bible.  http://www.clarifyingchristianity.com/dinos.shtml   Behemoth has the following attributes according to Job 40:15-24  It "eats grass like an ox." It "moves his tail like a cedar." (In Hebrew, this literally reads, "he lets hang his tail like a cedar.") Its "bones are like beams of bronze, His ribs like bars of iron." "He is the first of the ways of God." "He lies under the lotus trees, In a covert of reeds and marsh." Some bibles and study bibles will translate the word "behemoth" as "elephant" or "hippopotamus." Others will put a note at the edge or bottom of the page, stating that behemoth was probably an elephant or a hippopotamus. Although an elephant or hippopotamus can eat grass (or lie in a covert of reeds and marsh), neither an elephant or a hippopotamus has a "tail like a cedar" (that is, a tail like a large, tapered tree trunk). In your kid's dinosaur book you will find lots of animals that have "tails like a cedar."  Leviathan has the following attributes according to Job chapter 41, Psalm 104:25,26 and Isaiah 27:1. This is only a partial listing-just enough to make the point.  "No one is so fierce that he would dare stir him up." "Who can open the doors of his face, with his terrible teeth all around?" "His rows of scales are his pride, shut up tightly as with a seal; one is so near another that no air can come between them; they are joined one to another, they stick together and cannot be parted." "His sneezings flash forth light, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning. Out of his mouth go burning lights; sparks of fire shoot out. Smoke goes out of his nostrils, as from a boiling pot and burning rushes. His breath kindles coals, and a flame goes out of his mouth." "Though the sword reaches him, it cannot avail; nor does spear, dart, or javelin. He regards iron as straw, and bronze as rotten wood. The arrow cannot make him flee; slingstones become like stubble to him. Darts are regarded as straw; he laughs at the threat of javelins." "On earth there is nothing like him, which is made without fear." Leviathan "played" in the "great and wide sea" (a paraphrase of Psalm 104 verses 25 and 26-get the exact sense by reading them yourself). Leviathan is a "reptile [a] that is in the sea." (Isaiah 27:1) [a] Note: The word translated "reptile" here is the Hebrew word tanniyn. This shows that "Leviathan" was also a "tanniyn" (dragon).  Unlike behemoth, who is huge, Leviathan is ferocious and terrifying. Many references (we have not listed them all) refer to the sea, so Leviathan is probably a sea creature. Although some bibles refer to Leviathan as an alligator or crocodile (and both of these are fierce) neither of these is a sea creature. They like the water, but they spend much of their time on land. Further, the question "Who can open the doors of his face. . . ." implies that nobody can open Leviathan's jaws. Although an alligator's jaws cannot normally be forced open, a punch to their sensitive snout or poke in eye might startle them enough to release their grip.[2] Although this is a good description of an alligator characteristic, it does not fit perfectly with the description of Leviathan, which in the context of the Bible was supposed to describe an essentially impossible event, and we are not done yet.  The description of the scales is interesting. Several verses describe these great scales. Compared to Leviathan's armor, iron is like straw and arrows ca not make it flee. Let's face it, an arrow can do a lot of damage to a crocodile or alligator. This is not a description of either of them-or any living animal we are aware of.  And now for the key ingredient: fire. It is hard to read Job 41:18-21 without realizing the Bible is telling us that Leviathan breathes fire. That alone will eliminate almost every living animal. Yes, there is one animal like that in today's world. It is called a bombardier beetle. This beetle is a native of Central America, and has a nozzle in its hind end that acts like a little flame thrower. It sprays a high-temperature jet of gas (fueled by hydroquinones and hydrogen peroxide with oxidative enzymes) for protection. Now, if a Central American beetle can do it, so could Leviathan. By the way, crocodiles and alligators are out of the picture on this one, don't you agree?  Before we leave the topic of fire, there are two more notes you may find interesting:  The history of every culture is filled with stories of fire-breathing dragons. If you think about it, in all the past ages wouldn't someone have made up a story of a fire-breathing lion or something? Nobody did because the dragon stories are based on truth, and only "dragons" breathed fire. It is easy to imagine Leviathan as a member of the dragon (tanniyn) family. (Plus, Isaiah 27:1 strongly implies this connection.) Many fossil dinosaur skulls contain unexplained, empty passages. Scientists have not been able to guess the reason for these passages. Would it make sense that some dinosaurs used these passages as "gas tanks" for the combustible mixture used to "breathe fire?" We believe it does. Comparing all this information to the description in your kid's dinosaur book, you may come up with the conclusion that Leviathan is a kronosaurus. We have heard (and read) other suggestions, but the kronosaurus is the best match of any known creature to the description of Leviathan.
As for American Indian reports. Dispute this one source I found in 3 seconds.   http://www.lilith-ezine.com/articles/2005/canadian_seaserpents.html  As well, take for example the Native Americans. They have been existing in North America for about 25k-30k years. For the most part, the Native American culture preserved it's history through paintings, dance, oral history, and song. We find no mention of Dinosaurs by the Native American people. Yet according to you two, there should have been dinosaurs walking around in 1186 AD.   Forget the overwhleming mountain of evidence that you refuse to look at critically. Forget the detailed science that you dismiss as error ridden, agenda driven garbage. Forget geology, anthropology, paleontology, biology, physics, chemistry, mathematics, history, and archeology. Forget that the Roman civilization had long since been alive and kicking, and as much history as we know about the roman civilzation, we see nothing of them walking with dinosaurs. (1186 would put it, if I recall my history, in the time between the 2nd and 3rd crusades, during the Byzantine Empire at the time of the Angelan Dynasty ruled by Isaac II)   Simple common sense tells us that what you are contending is a load of horse dung. But you go on thinking that dinosaurs and man walked around together if it makes you happy. At least it gives me something to laugh about.[/QUOTE]  Sea Serpents of Canada  By Charles Alexander Moffat Unbeknownst to many Canadians and foreigners, Canada actually has an abundancy of sea-serpent/dragon myths, otherwise known as "Loch Ness Monsters". Like their Scottish relative, these Canadian sea serpents dwell in coastal waters and inland lakes. It is widely believed that if these sea serpents exist, then they are actually dinosaurs that somehow avoided the mass extinctions of the Cretaceous Period. In the case of Canadian Sea-Serpents, the native myths and legends about them have existed for thousands of years. Recorded sightings of such creatures date back to the 1700s.  Jacques Cartier, the French explorer who mapped much of the St. Lawrence river, kept a journal of everything he did. He and members of his crew saw what they described as "a giant finned snake" that moved like a caterpillar, using its side fins to propel itself forward in the water. Cartier's crew tried to capture the beast, but it moved too quickly and dove beneath the waters.  When Cartier consulted with natives in the region, they called the creature "Gaasyendietha". This was the first recorded sighting of any sea serpent in North America.  But it would not be the last. Across Canada and the United states, there are numerous large lakes (most notably the Great Lakes, which was an inland sea during the last ice age) and a variety of sea-serpent myths to go with them.   Gaasyendietha:  According to Seneca myths, Gaasyendietha is said to be a dragon that dwells in Lake Ontario. Although it is seldom described, it is said to be quite large. Legends say this dragon could fly on a trail of fire, and it could also spew fire.  Argont:  According to Huron myths, Angont is a vicious, poisonous reptile who supposedly dwelled in desolate places such as caves, forests, lakes in the Lake Ontario/Lake Erie region. Its skin is poisonous, walks on four legs (very similar to a Komodo dragon from China) and is approximately the size or a horse or donkey. Legends say it also causes disasters and diseases.  Amhuluk:  Amhuluk supposedly lives in a lake in British Columbia or perhaps as far south as Oregon (there are multiple locations and sightings of Amhuluk). The most celebrated location is near Forkend Mountain in Oregon, where native americans greatly fear the beast. It is described as a very large sea serpent with horns.  One story accounts how Amhuluk impaled two of three children on its horns and took them into the lake. The father visited these children, and for five days they appeared by the water. However, afterward, they disappeared and remained with Amhuluk. Many believe that this dragon's passion is to catch and drown things. The story is likely meant to scare children away from swimming in the lakes.  Ancient Serpent:  According to Piute myth, the Ancient Serpent lived in the Lake Pyramid and reportedly like to snatch victims. When the Piutes saw whirlpools in Lake Pyramid, they would not go near the lake, for they were afraid that the Ancient One was looking for another victim to snatch.  The Bentinck Sea Serpent:  Not actually a sea serpent, this endangered species is actually a very large snake, comparable to an anaconda. It is found in Bentinck township in Grey County, Ontario. It is a very large black snake that inhabits swamp areas, feeding on fish and other aquatic life. The largest Bentinck Black Snake ever found was thirty feet long, and was found in 1955.  Kolowisi:  The Zuni myths tell of Kolowisi, a huge water serpent with fins along its body, and small horns. One of the tales involves a young girl who goes to a spring. There, she found a small baby there and rescued it from the water. Without telling her parents, she took the baby and slept with it by her side.  The "baby" was really Kolowisi, who then transformed into his true shape. He stole the girl and took her back to the spring. There, he made her his wife.  In another story, however, Kolowisi held back the flood waters for a family to get up the mountain. By doing this, Kolowisi allowed these people to live, and then allowed the flood waters to fill the valley.   Msi-Kinepeikwa:  Sometimes called just "Kinepikwa", this dragon/serpent was a Shawnee myth. It was described as being a large serpent, much like a snake, that inhabited a lake. The Msi-Kinepeikwa achieved its form slowly. This massive serpent shed its skin and grew the next, growing larger each time. It is said that the first stage of this creature was a fawn with one red and one blue horn which was inside of a lake. This fawn grew and moved toward the water's edge, changing and growing until it became the serpent that the natives saw.  Palulukon:  The Hopi believe that hue water serpents with large plumes, and are revered as nature spirits, believed to be able to cause natural disasters when angered or hurt.  The Spoonville Beach Sea Serpent:  The Spoonville story appears to be one built by tourists and local area residents, in an effort to boost tourism. Descriptions of the beast sound more like a traditional dragon story, and may be completely fictionalized. There is no native myth about a sea serpent in that region, suggesting that this is just fabrication. The sea serpent is described as a huge creature with red, bloodshot eyes. The scales were said to be green, and smoke was said to billow out of its nostrils.  Gloucester's Sea Serpent:  On August 22, 1817, a publication in Boston entitled "A Monsterous Sea Serpent: The largest ever seen in America" was published. It reported a sea serpent that appeared in the harbor to be about forty-five to fifty-five feet in length with a head similar to a horse. Other sightings of the creature reported up to one hundred feet long and that the head was more snake-like.  In Massachusetts, literally hundreds of people saw this creature. So many saw this sea monster that the government was forced to investigate. The Linnaean Society of New England created a special committee to investigate. Members included the judge John Davis, the doctor Jacob Bigelow, and the naturalist Francis Gray.  According to hundreds of reports, it moved like a caterpillar, had a neck as thick as a barrel and approximately 45 to 100 feet long.   Stvkwvnaya:  Also called the "Tie Snake". According to the Seminole, it is reputed to have a single horn, which is said to be an aphrodisiac. It is described as being at least the size of a horse, and at least 20' in length, with 4 fins on its sides.  There are many more legends and sightings across North America, such Ogopogo in British Columbia, and the Lake Champlain sea serpent in Pennsylvania. I am not listing all of them on here.  Sea serpent legends/sightings are only found in temperate parts of Canada and the United States. When they are sighted, most people don't even know the proper name of the creature because they didn't even know that the region had a sea serpent myth.  Most police forces do not keep track of such sightings either, firmly believing that people are just pulling their legs.  It would be difficult to tell just how many sightings occur per year, because most people likely don't report the sightings, and even if they did, most authorities wouldn't even bother to write up a report. They have murderers and rapists to worry about. Tracking down a so-called sea serpent, which may or may not be a prank, is considered to be a waste of time.  And even if they did find one, it would most certainly be an endangered species, likely eat fresh-water fish, and is nothing much to worry about.  It is important to note that this planet has many unusual creatures that we don't learn about in grade school. Schools tend to teach animals that fit into the ABCs (A is for Anteater, B is for Bird, C is for Cat, etc). The Komodo dragon (a poisonous reptile about the size of a horse) and 50' long giant squids are real creatures, but they are rarely ever seen. No one has ever made a high-quality photo of "big-foot" and sasquatches, but we know they exist because we have fossils of them (in the scientific community, the fossils are known as homo gigantus).  We know that sea-serpent-ish dinosaurs did once exist, because we have fossils of them. We also know from these fossils that they ate fish.  We even have one preserved "sea serpent" that was found in the nets of a Portuguese fishing boat off the coast of Newfoundland in 1989. It was partially decomposed, and is believed to either have been hit by a passing ship (its fins were torn badly) or it had been preserved in ice for millions of years and had only recently melted.  Every religion has flood myths, and they also have some form of sea serpent/dragon myth, including the bible. Either these religions made up these myths to explain the bones of dinosaurs, or people have actually sighted such creatures.  And like every good fish story, the tale tends to get longer and more impressive with the telling. Before you know it the lowly sea serpent has sprouted wings and can spit fire.
emoticon_wow emoticon_xdonno emoticon_frazzled   I thought people grew out of believing in fairy tales around the age of 10 or so...  Waxy  Hey waxy, he asked why the bible doesn't mention dinos if they're real and I showed him that it does. But I know your side would mock and scoff at that which you can't prove wrong because no matter what you do, you can't deny the age of the bible and attribute it to anyone other that the Jews of that period in History. Do you want stories from China too ?
First, a rebuttal to the stegosaurus argument: http://dinocreationistsfairytale.wordpress.com/2007/01/19/the-stegosaurus-carving-that-isnt/  However, neither translation of the "cedar" bit actually says that Behemoth had a "tail like a cedar;" all you can tell is that he/it moved (or hung) his/its tail like a cedar. Of course, you can argue that the Bible was not word perfect on this one, but that only brings up more problems.  ...which is why all cultures all over the world had the same description of dragons: mean, fire-breathing, and looking something like this.  What a bunch of horse puckey. You people have a site to refute anything that conflicts with your shallow Worldview and believe it because if it's on the net and puts down Creationists then it must be true, huh ? :xbanghead
You see snakepit ? You asked why the bible doesn't mention dinos, but you didn't really want to know that it does. You just wanted more ammo to mock with. Typical of your kind. emoticon_frazzled
First off, it's snakeSpit, not snakepit. WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE ?  Second, I was not mocking you. Rather, I was refuting with science and logic the rediculous cut and paste post that you put up. Have you a response of your own...or simply more cut and paste new earth creationist mantra? It would be nice to think you were capable of original thoughts on the subject that you speak so "intelligently" of and believe in so vehemently.   And again, Kronosaurus is not a dinosaur.  What you consider science and logic is self deluding foolishness based on unprovable assumptions that are dreamed up by pseudo intellectuals. Now admit it, I've just described you and the rest of your science worshiping cohorts on this board. You guys amaze me though,you mock that which requires faith in God as ignorant and primitive while placing all of your faith in the dreamed up fairy tales of men with confidence that they are somehow reliable and correct in their shallow shortsighted observations.
Thats no dragon or dino its a bloody submarine with a deck gun and torpedoes. All the passage proves is either aliens or time travel.  That makes perfect sense from the atheists perspective. emoticon_rolleyes
So what is the picture of? A wild boar doesn't make much sense.
Any system requiring faith in any god IS ignorant and primitive, as are those who place their godly faith in the dreamed up fairy tales of men with confidence that they are somehow reliable and correct in their shallow shortsighted observations.  Yeah, well time will tell who the ignorant primitive is charlie, and I wouldn't want to be you on that day any more than you'll want to be you.
The irony is so thick, you could choke on it. As a matter of fact, I wish...  The funny thing is that I am not making the argument against creationism. People believe that god created everything including the dinosaurs...and I am fine with that. I don't believe it, but I will not argue against that. You don't have to believe that man and dinosaurs coexisted in order to believe creationism.   What I will argue against however is the rediculous notion that the earth is ~6k years old, and that dinosaurs were walking around in the 12th century.  Technically, the bible doesn't say that the Earth itself is 6000 years old at all. It says that God separated the firmament from the Heavens from the Waters, created life and put it all together but it doesn't say He formed the Globe at that time anywhere. I personally believe the creation event took place more like between 10 and 25,000 years ago. But that's only my opinion.   Theologians base the age of humanity on the geological records from Genesis to David to Jesus but I believe they haven't, and couldn't account for the gaps in the written record because we don't have any way of knowing how long or how many gaps there are. So I have never placed much faith in the 6,000 to 8,000 year estimate.   But that doesn't mean I'm dumb enough to believe in evolution. I mean talk about a foolish and unbelievable fairy tale. emoticon_confused Dinos coexisting with humanity is far more believable than that, dontya know. emoticon_xgood    Gen 1:1  IN the beginning God created the heavens and the earth Gen 1:2  The earth was without form, and void; and darkness was[fn1] on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters. Gen 1:3  Then God said, "Let there be light"; and there was light.  See, the Earth was void of life and without organized form and darkness was everywhere so the Sun wasn't in its current location yet but Gods spirit was hovering over the face of the waters. What was holding the waters in place ? This means the Earth is its crudest form was here but void of all life. God put it all together at that time, at the time of our creation. In my humble opinion anywho. So all this evo talk about the age of everything proving they are right is only rational and reasonable if all of their huge assumptions are in line with what really happened in the beginning. Just something to consider is all. emoticon_xangel
I guess the Young Earth Creationist missed my question, did the dino's make it onto the ark?  I was at the link on the first page and its says that the culture who built the Temple existed 8AD to 14th century. This says to me that the dinos must have made it onto the ark. The Ark must of been one hell of a big ship if it contained animals such as this.   I don't want to scoff at anybodies beliefs on this board, but is frankly ridiculous to believe that Dinosaurs existed at the same time as Humans. It is almost like taking the Flintstones to be accurate depiction of our history.  I believe they were, but obviously not fully grown ones. More likely eggs. And of course you want to scoff at the beliefs of people on this board, specifically christians. But that's ok. I'm used to it. emoticon_rolleyes
Does it mention it in the Bible?  I have to correct you, I do not scoff at the beliefs of Christians. I only scoff at those Christians who believe in a Young Earth and Flat Earth. I have met many Christians who accept the age of the Earth and the theory of Evolution.  Those may be CULTURAL CHRISTIANS but they aren't believers in Christ. Learn the difference and you will be saved. emoticon_xangel
Unlike you they are embedded in their culture? One supposes you are not and that you sucbscribe to and practice christianity as it was originally promulgated by Christ? That your species of Christianity is the one true linage uncontaminated by the add ons of sucessive church leaders and scholars? That you have abandoned the version of GOD found in the old testament and instead follow the philosophy of christ? If so then just why are you hung up on the Jewish book - the Old Testament? If you are in fact a Christian the Old testament is really of little significance. Indeed its possible to follow the precepts of christ and abandon theology entirely.  In bible College I studied the complete Old Testament as I did the New. On the day that we closed the book on the Old Testament after completing our study of it, do you know what happened to me ? As I sat back, let out a sigh and looked up at the ceiling in contemplation of what I had learned. In my minds eye I saw a perfect picture of the Jewish Messiah, the Savior of Humanity. Jesus Christ. The Old Testament is Jesus story which foretold His Coming, His Ministry and His Glorification.   So no where have i ever said I deny or reject the OT as anything less than the New Testament. Together they give a complete picture of Gods plan for humanity. Alone, or separately, they only give a partial picture of our Heavenly Father. So I am also embedded in my American Culture. I drive, shop, own things, enjoy skiing, the beach, hiking, camping, movies, dancing, dining out and many other activities that define modern day people. But I reject the downside of the flesh as in anything that attempts to separate me from a closer walk with my Father. I seek balance in life and my basis for determining that balance is if it draws me away from Him then it is bad for me. It's as simple as that.
You think that repetetively spouting your own contrived position somehow makes you correct? Interestingly, it was you who called everyone ignorant and primitive, self-deluding, pseudo-intellectual, science-worshipping, mocking, shallow and short-sighted.  Sounds right to me, And your point is ? emoticon_xangel   All hail Archie, a true ambassador of Christ. You alone must turn people off religion in droves. For that, we and the Almighty thank you.  Not I charlie. I'm not turning anyone off to anything. It's the truth that offends those who are steeped in Spiritual Darkness. And it's the truth that cuts to the core and turns you off to what He represents for us all.
Here we go again with the "well, at some unspecified date far off in the future when we are all long dead and gone I will be proven right, which is the best I can do as I have no solid evidence of this rubbish I'm spouting" argument.  If that is the best you can do, then what is the point in debating anything with you?  Blah, blah, blah . . . .   Counter argument  Oh ####! Well, er . . . quick, use 'time will tell' argument, as everyone will have forgotten I was wrong in a century or two.  emoticon_xbye Smiley emoticon_xbye  With those things such as spiritual matters that can't be proven to others but must be discovered for ones self smiley, the only guarantee we have is for each individual to discover the truth for themselves in the end. Sadly, it will be too late to correct your error, but the day will surely come when each of you who considers me an ignorant primitive will curse the day you mocked and rejected the eternal truths I have shared with you. And this is not boasting or a promise, but a guarantee.
And yet you insist that your truth is the only truth. No other path can work, anyone who thinks differently than you must be wrong. Some would call that odd. Others would call it overwhelming arrogance. I'll leave the determination of which it is as an excercise for the reader. emoticon_xgood  Wrong again Kronus. I insist that Gods truth is the only truth, not mine. And there is no other mediator between God and Man except for Christ Jesus our Savior, so I'm not arrogant for submitting before Him but very humble in admitting my need for His grace and Mercy. It's you who is arrogant for rejecting the God of all that is by insisting that you are as good as Him and not in need of His Grace at all.   And also Kronus, the determination of which of us is arrogant wont be determined by the readers as their opinions are irrelevant. In the end, only God will determine which of us was arrogant or humble, and only His judgement will matter.
But of course. Since the idea is fundamentally irrational, change what the Bible says by pretending that you are using logic. Not according to the Bible. Gen 6:19 says, "And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every [sort] shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep [them] alive with thee; they shall be male and female." How did Noah tell if it was a male or a female inside the egg? I'm wondering. Have you ever actually read the Bible - specifically genesis?  And then there is Gen 6:20 that says, "...of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every [sort] shall come unto thee, to keep [them] alive." I'm wondering how it is that these eggs came unto Noah. Did the little animal inside poke its developing legs out and scamper up the ramp onto the ark?  And then Gen 7:2 says, "Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that [are] not clean by two, the male and his female." Never mind that the idea of clean/unclean was first expressed in mosaic law (Noah wouldn't have known about that), the concept of the male and his female implies breeding pairs, unless you wish to use a less than literal reading of the Bible. I could go on citing verses that state that Noah took aboard male and female. Nowhere are eggs mentioned. It's just that the idea of two of every living kind (or 7 pairs in some cases) is so illogical that you actually see the need to reduce these to male and female eggs. Are you aware that the sex of many reptiles is determined by the temperature at which the eggs are incubated? What did Noah do about that? It isn't christians that are being scoffed at. It is creationists who favor mythology over reality. Get over yourself.  Nice job trying to confuse, distort and misinterpret what the bible actually means regarding Genesis Pandion. You forgot one aspect of theequation though, and that is God Himself. If God could bring the Animals according to the specific individuals he wanted to be saved, couldn't he also have brought the pregnant beasts and had them leave eggs for Noah to care for ? But of course it requires FAITH to believe this and you are sorely lacking in that department. But thanks for the atheists perspective. That is always valuable in a spiritual discussion. emoticon_frazzled
  Those may be CULTURAL CHRISTIANS but they aren't believers in Christ. Learn the difference and you will be saved.  Known as the No true Scott argument. You appoint yourself as the final authority as to what christians must believe.  Please tell us from what institution did you earn you degrees in christian theology. And when did god appoint you his representative to decide who is and is not a christian. Does the word hubris ring a bell?  First of all Pandion, It isn't I who claim what a true or cultural christian is but the bible that defines it. And I have shown verses as evidence of this claim numerous times. See ?   Jesus answered and said to him, "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."    Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that he will also reap.  Secondly, learn what the No true Scotsman argument is before throwing it out there. I am not claiming to be the final authority on anything, but defend the bible as Gods final authority on spiritual issues. The No true Scotsman argument is not defined by one appointing themselves up as the final authority anyway so you have it wrong as usual. Here is the definition so you'll stop abusing the term in every debate.  No true Scotsman From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search No true Scotsman is a term coined by Antony Flew in his 1975 book Thinking About Thinking - or do I sincerely want to be right?[1]:  Argument: "No Scotsman puts sugar on his porridge."  Reply: "But my uncle Angus likes sugar with his porridge."  Rebuttal: "Ah yes, but no true Scotsman puts sugar on his porridge."  This form of argument is an informal fallacy if the predicate ("putting sugar on porridge" or "doing such a thing [as committing a sex crime]") is not actually contradictory for the accepted definition of the subject ("Scotsman"), or if the definition of the subject is silently adjusted after the fact to make the rebuttal work.[2]  Source of the fallacy The truth of a proposition depends on its adequacy to its object ("Is the drawing a true likeness of Antony Flew?"). The truth of an object depends on its adequacy to its concept ("Is the figure drawn on the paper a true triangle?"). Problems arise when the definition of the concept has no generally accepted form, for example when it is vague or contested.  "A true Scotsman" (a concept) is not on the same level as "a true triangle" (a concept) never mind "the true Antony Flew" (a concrete existing object). The formal similarity, "true X", and the corresponding feeling that the concepts should be on the same level, in some sense must be on the same level (even perhaps all exist as objects), motivates the fallacy. It is a short step from that feeling to treating one's own definition of a "true Scotsman" (who else's?) as having the same objectivity as that of a geometrical figure or an existing individual, and then attempting to make the world agree.  [edit] Examples It is also a common fallacy in politics, in which critics may condemn their colleagues as not being "true" Communists, liberals or conservatives because they occasionally disagree on certain matters of policy. It comes in many other forms - "No decent person would" - it is argued "support hanging/watch pornography/smoke in public", etc. Often the speaker seems unaware that he/she is, in fact, coercively (re)defining, 'objectifying', the meaning of the phrase "decent person" to include/exclude what he/she wants and NOT simply following what the phrase is already accepted as meaning. The argument shifts the debate from being about hanging/pornography/smoking and tries to make it seem that anyone disagreeing with the speaker is arguing for the "indecent".  [edit] Exceptions Some elements or actions are clearly contradictory to the subject, and therefore aren't fallacies. The statement "No true vegetarian would eat a beef steak" is not fallacious because it follows from the accepted definition of "vegetarian": Eating meat, by definition (rather than just by association), disqualifies a (present-tense) categorization among vegetarians, and the further value judgement between a "true vegetarian" and the implied "false vegetarian" cannot likewise be categorized as a fallacy, given the clear disjunction. However, the "no true Scotsman" fallacy might also be used in claiming that no "true" vegetarian would wear fur or leather, as this hinges on a (possible) associated trait, rather than the definition of vegetarianism.  Alternatively, if a statement in the "no true Scotsman" form is not intended as an empirical argument, but as the conclusion to an argument about definition, then it is not a fallacy. It is possible to make formally valid arguments about contested definitions. The statement "No true Marxist would support the Soviet invasion of Hungary because the basic goal of Marxism is the self-emancipation of the working class" may or may not be true, but it is not an instance of the "no true Scotsman" fallacy.    
LOL. Actually I do know what I am talking about. That is why I can alwasy trhow out jsut enough to get one side or the other hyperventilating, but never quite enough to pin down an actualy argument :)  What you just accurately admitted to is that you're a spoiler who say's just enough to confuse, derail and mislead others with minutia in debates, but add nothing of value which I must admit pretty much defines you to a T. You are truly a legend in your own mind daewoo. emoticon_rolleyes
No, actually I just admitted that the evo boards are not really my thing and I drop in every once in a while to troll. In fact, what I said was:  Not really my thing. I occasionally drop in over on the evo board to troll...you know, smack around a fundie or two and see if I can get pandion to stroke out   Thanks for making my point. As I was responding to the statement you made that i actually quoted and responded to. See the post below ? See what i mean by attempting to confuse and mislead while never responding to the actual subject being discussed ? You couldn't help but do it in the very next response to my post. emoticon_frazzled   LOL. Actually I do know what I am talking about. That is why I can alwasy trhow out jsut enough to get one side or the other hyperventilating, but never quite enough to pin down an actualy argument :)
So,no one has an answer to the fact that evos were wrong and stegs lived with humans? All I see are a bunch of atheist evos making fun of a person's drawing ability, even though the drawing is clearly of a stego.
So, no answer to the K-T boundary and fossil evidence?  Both are conclusive proof of the Flood occuring.
To T.Q. and HiM.  Why we don't find Dinosaurs and Humans together.
OK, I'll bite- How so? Keep in mind what HiM has already said, and that the irridium layer. So you have to explain the K-T fossil distribution and the existence of a primarily extraterrestial mineral layer using the flood.  I personally think the "mineral layer" was created once the Fountains of the Deep erupted, bringing the minerals from far down.
"Conclusive"? Really?  Why should organisms from the Cretaceous Period appear only below the boundary, and not above? If they were deposited along with everything else, why were they deposited in such a non-random way? Similarly, why would we find organisms from the Tertiary Period only above the boundary? If the Flood Hypothesis was correct, wouldn't we have expected all of the smaller organisms to have been deposited lower than big things such as dinosaurs?  The Geologic Column: Does It Exist?  The Fossil Record: Becoming More Random All The Time
Sure it is. Let me ask, just where did all of this flood water actually come from?  The Windows of Heaven, and the Fountains of the Great Deep.  Genesis 7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.  
And the evidence of this is???  I gave it to you in that post.
No, you gave a claim. A claim is not evidence.   Show me physical evidence.. show me in the earth where this water was. Show me the traces of it coming up.   Otherwise, you are just blowing smoke.   You are taking a child's tale, and taking it as fact. Genesis 7:11  In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened. 
That's just the same child's tale in bigger letters and a different colour.  Can you tell us what colour it is now, EDO?  YOU ARE CALLING THE GOD'S HOLY AND PERFECT WORD A "CHILD'S TALE"!? emoticon_angry emoticon_mad
Well no he is not. He is calling the section of the bible you quote a childs tale. Neither you nor anyone else can demonstrate that its "Gods holy and perfect word" you know. Indeed I know for a fact that the bible in common use is a poor imitation of GODs holy and perfect word since I am pope of the round church and we hold in our archives the only copy of The One True Book. That indisputible record of GODs actual word does not even bother to mention the flood. Apparently the flood story was added by one of the theives who made an partial copy of our book and published it as the Bible. Probably done to sex it up for future use by C.B. DeMille.  Lies. Darwiniac lies.
Anyone think it's incredible that the Griffin Vulture can fly at 36,955.381 feet and still breathe ? And can we even relate to the amount of energy expended to fly, or the amount of oxygen needed to sustain such a flight ? We can't do it without pressurized cabins yet they do it in the natural course of traveling.
No, actually given their lung structure and specialised hemoglobin, I find it to be quite credible indeed. Ah, the wonders of natural selection.  the ability had to come from somewhere before natural selection could select it. How did this happen? Mutations have never been shown to create any new structure or even modify phenotype in a beneficial, selectable way. So how did it happen?
   You keep repeating that "mutations have never been shown to create any new structure or even modify phenotype in a beneficial, selectable way" as if it were actually true.   Note: Numerous instances of de novo resistance to antibiotics in bacteria Nylon digestion in bacteria Lactose tolerance in humans Resistance to atherosclerosis in humans VPu in HIV-1, and its subsequent changes (very beneficial for HIV, but not so for us). Webbed toes in various Retrievers  hello, N. Wells  none of those are modifications to phenotype, except for the last one. On that one can you show me that it was actually a mutation that caused webbed toes?..(or is this just a guess...) Which gene mutated?
How is resistance to the bacteriocidal effects of an antibiotic not a phenotype? Dead staphylococcus. Living staphylococcus.  Kind of different attributes.  What about sickle cell trait, the result of a known point mutation, that confers a survival advantage against malaria?  I'll let the following definition answer your question for me:   http://www.medterms.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=4868  Phenotype: The appearance of an individual, which results from the interaction of the person's genetic makeup and his or her environment.   What I'm getting at is ToE has to have a way for physical structures to form. Either they need to get created from scratch as a fully-formed, fully-functional structure, or they need to be modified in gradual increments over time. ToE says mutations will create a pool of raw material for which selection to select from.... But I have yet to run across a mutation that creates a new, beneficial, selectable, modification of phenotype . I'm not saying one doesn't exist -- I just haven't seen one yet. All the fins, fur, feathers and every other body part in the world need an origin. So where do they originate? I don't think the answer can be found in science.
Thus since bacteria are too small to be seen by the naked eye they have no appearance and they thus have no phentype??????  Sorry but phenotype refers to the expression of a gene or allele - not to the physical appearance. It includes all observable expressions of the genome (ie the genotype). Originated by Mendel to differentiate dominant and recessive inheritance patterns (as I recall).  ah yes....you have to invoke more evidence that no one can see. Don't you think if mutations created new, beneficial phenotypes in bacteria that they'd do the same in higher organisms?
wells, thanks for the info but none of that is scientific verification of a mutation creating a new, beneficial modification on phenotype...(the observable constitution of an organism. .)
by the way, I have no doubt that beneficial phenotypic modifications can happen during development. The question is whether mutations can do so. I don't think they can.  http://www.uncommondescent.com/intelligent-design/nrc-admits-mutation-not-sufficient-explanation-for-evolution/   NRC Admits Mutation Not Sufficient Explanation for Evolution  It's not looking good for ToE when at this point of the game they are putting their faith in lateral gene transfer instead of mutations.
Phenotype is not limited to physical observable behavior. Would you not recognize that certain physiological differences between individuals have a basis in a different genetic makeup?  .  Of course. That does not mean mutations are responsible for these differences. You can no more say mutations caused the differences between different kinds of animals than I can say God created the differences. Why are you avoiding my challenge? I'm looking for a mutation that creates a beneficial, selectable modification in phenotype..(outward, physical structure and characteristics.)  http://www.ameripaca.com/pages/Phenotype_article.pdf  what do we mean by phenotype?   Phenotype can be defined as the outward appearance of an animal-the sum of all its anatomical, physiological, and behavioral characteristics
Chemist: What you failed to tell anyone is that the NRC document is a report from a panel studying the extreme possibilities of abiogenesis elsewhere in the universe. Such studies are shall we say highly speculative. Generally NRC has a contract (probably with NASA) to do tthis sort of thing and they go out and recruit a dozen experts or so who have meetings and write the report with the help of staff researchers and support.  And? How does that undermine their statement?
Chemist: As to horizontal gene transfer and encosymbiosis note well the time fram that the report is referring to - very very very early in the evolution of life. This has long been postulated and fits the Darwinian ideas quite nicely.  How do you figure? Darwinists have long said that all beneficial traits that arise must go through the selection process. How is it pro-darwinian if, for instance, bacteria trade specific genes with no selection involved? How is it darwinian if genes from a planted crop jump from that crop to the soil they're planted in...and then possibly jump into some future plant, which may jump into some grazing animal, which may end up in the stomach of humans who eat that animal? How is that Darwinian?
(an Because once transferred the new genes are simply another source of variation and on the next reproductive cycles the fitness of the resulting hybrid is subjected to the crucible of selection. Some such transfers prove to increase fitness - most are neutral or detrimental. Its just another source of genetic variability and thats what selection selects from! Same with endosymbionts (and one might add even exosymbionts!).  .  Wait. natural selection is supposed to be the creative element in your theory. If bacteria trade specific genes which provide resistnace, the creativity lies right there -- no selection. It would be no different if an organism experienced a nonrandom or adaptive mutation...the mutation would immediately make its host more fit....which means fitness occurred without selection...it would also mean that the individual evolved and did not need the population to do so. Bacteria swapping genes are no different.
NDS does not deal with creativity nor does it have a "creative" element. Selection is non-random and its clear why that is so. Genetic changes on the other hand are largely by chance and show no discernable pattern in most instances. This includes gene-transfers, and acquistition of endosymbionts. And think about it my friend, horizontal transfer is not some sort of flea market where the organisms get together and swap genes like a market place. "I'll trade you a resistance gene if you will give me a metal tolerance gene" is NOT what goes on!  do you deny that bacteria swap specific genes for resistance?
Well thankya pardner. I just wish those ears would open up to the glory that is the real world. i don't personally care about the idea of creationism (which is the reason behind most "deaf ears"), because I know how psychologically entrenched these beliefs can be.  I'd consider it a massive, stunning victory if even one were to say: "That's amazing! That must be how God did it!"  And why not believe that? Why cling to failed theories that are not only unsupported, but totally falsified?   If I believed (I don't), but if I did, I'd look at evolution as an amazing, miraculous work of god. I don't belive, and never will, but I still look at evolution (and also many other amazing natural phenomena) with an awe and reverence that must be close to religious wonder. I just don't add a god at the end of it.   This is what I don't get:  Person 1: That's amazing.  Person 2: That's amazing. Must have been a god.  Person 1: Huh?  So you can guess which I am.  unfortunately, your person 2 is hiding behind "science" that cannot explain existence or the origin of even one thing. Of course, you can say "it all just happend"...but is that really science? I say the mind of God is the culprit for all we see around us, you say it all just "happened." You're no different than me. You're no more scientific than me. You just have a different worldview.
NDS does not deal with creativity nor does it have a "creative" element.   Oh really:  "The essence of Darwinism lies in a single phrase: Natural selection is the creative force of evolutionary change. No one denies that selection will play a negative role in eliminating the unfit. Darwinian theories require that it create the fit as well." - Stephen J. Gould, The Return of Hopeful Monsters, Natural History vol 86, June/July 1977, p 28
Genotype(1) = Protein synthesis(1) = Phenotype(1)  Genotype(1.01) = Protein synthesis(1.01) = Phenotype (1.01)  ad infinitum.  This is how new structures form. we are made of protein. A change in the mechanism that manufactures protein results in a change in structure. Every single change to DNA results in some structural change.  The idea that some changes are 'adaptable' and some are 'not' is kind of misleading. Any and all changes are adaptable to some environment. Among the ones that are adaptable to the extant environment, some will affect the differential of reproduction rates. These changes will either become 'fixed' or will die out. Other changes that do not affect differential reproduction rates will remain in the population at statistically random levels, until a given environmental effect causes them to affect differential reproduction rates.   ARe you saying all or most changes are selectively neutral? And I don't see how this explanation helps you. Either mutations fuel your theory or they don't. If they don't then there's nothing for selection to select because there's no pool of random variants that could potentially pass on their trait.
interesting. Anyone agree with Dr. Schwartz?  http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2006/01/060126194000.htm  Determining the mechanism that causes those delayed expressions of change is Schwartz's major contribution to the evolution of the theory of evolution. The mechanism, the authors explain, is this: Environmental upheaval causes genes to mutate, and those altered genes remain in a recessive state, spreading silently through the population until offspring appear with two copies of the new mutation and change suddenly, seemingly appearing out of thin air. Those changes may be significant and beneficial (like teeth or limbs) or, more likely, kill the organism. 
That's very interesting. I'm reminded of the time Bill O'Reilly interviewed Richard Dawkins. Dawkins followed his standard shtick of deconstructing O'Reilly's faith, until it got to the point of who has the answers.   Now, I don't think that what follows is indicative of all Christians, but it spoke volumes to me about the nature of faith. Essentially O'Reilly wanted, as you do, to know "science's" answer to the origin of everything. Of course Dawkins (representative of science in this encounter) said, with absolutely no hesitation, something along the lines of "Well we don't know".  O'Reilly's response was fascinating! I can't be arsed to quote it but if you search on Youtube for [Dawkins ORreilly] you'll find it.  Essentially what O'Reilly wants is an authority, any authority that will give him all the answers. And this is what I find many religious people have in common; they all want someone, usually any given cultural authority to say, "THIS IS HOW IT ALL BEGAN" and once they are told that, they cling like hell to what they've been told.  This is the essential difference between science and religion that I have pointed out before: Religion claims to already have all the answers, so the followers can stop thinking and live their lives safe in the knowledge that everything has been worked out for them. Science holds its hands up all the time, only ever claiming to have the best answers possible based on its own internal judgement syetem.  The difference between the two philosophies is that the first is based on the dogmatic, entrenched beliefs of one culture of humans among many. The second is based on what we actually observe.  The first says "I have all the answers."  The second says "I have the best answers given what is known".  I, that is me personally, don't want or need someone telling me that they have all the answers, because I'm never going to believe them. However, if someone tells me they have a pretty damn good idea, and here's why, but they could still be wrong, and here's why, then I'm going to go with the second guy.  I don't need to be told we have all the answers. From my personal experience, SS, people like you do, and that is your weakness. Because we will NEVER have all the answers, because every answered question throws up two new questions. That's what I love, and you hate, and why we can never understand each other unless you renounce your preposterous infallible god idea. The universe is crazy and I like it that way.   When AIG says "because of X, Y and Z we know the Bible is true therefore we don't need to ever, ever, even once, ever, question what we've been told" my reaction is "What?" and I research and questing what I've ben told.  When Scientific American says "because of X, Y and Z we mathematically prove that variable A is limited between values 1 and 5 therefore we can narrow our search" my reaction is "Wow something that is proven, so if I want to look into that I know where not to look.   Thanks for your point of view. I've seen that clip with Dawkins on O'Reilly. And it's interesting how Dawkins attempts to give a defense for his atheism by saying "we understand" such things as why the tide rolls in and out....only to be countered by O'Reilly, correctly-so, that just because one understands something (or thinks they do) does not make an ORIGIN of something. Evolutionists/atheists make this same mistake all over creation...starting with the genome. They think because they can observe the genome that this somehow explains where the genome came from. Same with cells. It's hogwash!....materialists no more understand where the genome or cells came from than they know where existence itself came from.  Christians often get accused of arguing from incredulity. Well.....YEA!! I simply find it hard to believe that it all just "happened." Just looking at existence itself tells me that something had to give rise to it. Where did space come from? Time? Matter? Energy? Oxygen? Intelligence? Love? Belief?......a freak explosion out of nothing for no reason? C'mmon.   But ironically it's Dawkins and atheists like him who think its Christians who are absurd for believing in God and for not believing that everything around us just "happened." And what's so funny about it, is Dawkins' theory for evolution has been squashed by the evo devo crowd....what once was a theory of new genes and slow, gradual modifications, suddenly became a theory of the same genes producing different animals. So Dawkins is wanting us to believe in his atheism when his theory of evolution is quickly losing favor in the evolutionary community.  But I think you have it wrong....Christians are not the ones saying we have the answers. I certainly don't. My position is that nobody has the answers, that the answers to the big questions are and will always be hidden. It's SCIENCE who plays themselves off as being the ones with the answers. They are the priests and profits of the new century. They've taken the place of clergy in the minds of millions....and millions put their faith in them. But I don't. Quite honestly, I trust nobody. Everyone has an agenda and nobody knows jack squat. I have my reasons for believing in a young earth and that's because I have not been given enough evidence to convince me otherwise. Of course there are a couple lingering issues, radiometric dating being one of them, (which Barry Setterfield may have answered) but Darwinism certainly is not one of them because this theory is unprovable, untested, unsubstantiated, and more than anything, unbelievable.
First of all its not a swap, there are horizontal transfers, but it would be very rare for it to go both ways. Secondly what are transferred are various genetic elements, sometimes very very large numbers of them borne on plasmids. These MAY include resistance genes, but they are cerainly specifically constratined to do so. In other words the exchanges are non-specific.  From what I understand, bacteria "share" their assets.
how does it that cells being able to control their mutation rate validate ToE?
Its a genetically controlled capability and it confers something of a survival advantage under some conditions. Thus it likely arose through selection processes acting on existing variability. Any more questions?  I thought mutations were random and unpredictable? Yet the link says cells have mutations under their control. You can't have it both ways.
Liminus, your response is way to long to respond to every point, but let's just take part of your "evidence."   Evidence # 2. Homologies. These are similar structures on different organisms. It's not just that they exist, just that many creatures have similar structures or features, but that they resemble each other according to their inheritance. I'll give an example: Bats, human beings, whales and moles are all mammals, and all descended from a common ancestor. All us mammals branched off from birds a long time ago. Bat's wings, human hands, whale flippers and mole's paws all have the same number of bones in the same arrangement. This is because we share a common ancestor, so that's what nature had to work with and evolve from. Birds' wings, on the other hand, use different bones! So even though bird wings and bat wings look alike, a bat's wing is actually more like your hand than it is like a bird's wing. ToE predicts this and explains why: it's because birds and mammals branched off from a common ancestor before birds developed flight. So, it's not just that creatures share common features, but the exact specific pattern of their similarities.  First of all, claiming the fact that certain animals may have similar eyes, ears, hands, feet and organs is not evidence that a darwinian mechanism is responsible. This evidence works perfectly well in a creationist pov as well. There are tens of millions of creatures in the animal kingdom. To pick and choose a few that may share similar characteristics as another is fine, but what about all the others that don't share these characteristics? And you are claiming that a bat wing is similar to a human hand, but obviously the human hand is not a modification of a bat wing...it's a completely different structure. Yet, I'm supposing you say we descended from a common ancestor. Well where the heck is this creature? Don't you find it odd that all these thousands of common ancestors that must have existed aren't able to be found? What must the common ancestor of the bat and whale and human looked like? What did the common ancestor of man and chimps look like? Where is it? Your list is full of silly predictions, but as a creationist, I would predict that not even one common ancestor would be found, which is exactly what has happened.   http://www.evolutiondeceit.com/chapter14_1.php  "The older text-books on evolution make much of the idea of homology, pointing out the obvious resemblances between the skeletons of the libs of different animals. Thus the "pentadactyl" limb pattern is found in the arm of a man, the wing of a bird and the flipper of a whale, and this is held to indicate their common origin. Now if these various structures were transmitted by the same gene-complex, varied from time to time by mutations and acted upon by environmental selection, the theory would make good sense. Unfortunately this is not the case. Homologous organs are now known to be produced by totally different gene complexes in the different species. The concept of homology in terms of similar genes handed on from a common ancestor has broken down."  And sometimes different creatures can share morphological characteristics because of the environment they live in. For example, it's well-known that in hot climates, many creatures in that environment will tend to be tall and thin, as well as having longer limbs. In a cold environment, many creatures are shorter and stockier so to conserve heat. This phenomenon most certainly has nothing to do with mutation, but with a developmental phenomenon in each individual.  And ultimately, you're going to have to show me that mutation can change an animal's phenotype for the better. I have yet to see an example of this. Your theory requires all kinds of new additions and new features, but I have seen no mutational mechanism capable of accomplishing it. Neither is there any evidence of groups of creatures splitting off from some mysterious common ancestor.
Evidence # 8. Transitional fossils. It's important to understand that ToE does not predict that we will find every transition for every line of descent. The main reason for this is that fossils are extremely rare, due the necessary conditions for their formation. But to the extent that we have been able to piece together such lines of descent, it confirms ToE.  No it doesn't. Funny how you so bold-facely claim evidence that absolutely does not exist. There are no rock-solid transitional fossils, when there should be billions:  http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/06149/694046-85.stm  Pitt anthropologist thinks Darwin's theory needs to evolve on some points  Darwin said it was simply bad fortune that those intermediate fossils were missing. Scientific creationists have used the fossil gaps to argue that God created species separately, as described in the Book of Genesis.  But there is another possibility, Dr. Schwartz said. There isn't a huge number of missing transitional fossils because they were never there in the first place. Instead, new species emerged suddenly due to genetic alterations that created sharp differences with their predecessors.
Evidence # 9 Speciation has been observed in the lab. I'll say it again. Speciation has been observed in the lab.  Evos have for decades debated over what a "species" actually is. So, ultimately, "speciation" is just a definition, not a biological reality. And I did not go through that link because I don't waste my time on TalkLies. But right here, will you present me a case of "speciation" and show me the evidence that the new "species" could not breed and produce viable offspring with the old "species?"
Evidence # 3. Geographical distribution of species  Tell me how monkeys got to the new world. The continents split apart 100 million years ago, yet somehow monkeys evolved and found their way to North and South America from Africa after that event. There is no evidence (not to mention logical reasoning) behind a Bering Strait migration. So how did it happen? This is also true of many other creatures, (camels, elephants, humans, etc) all of which have counterparts on continents separated by vast oceans.
The Creationist believes man was created in God's image and God is a male. The Debating science with a bunch of people that believe a living God of the universe has:  1: A nose with nothing to smell. 2: eyes when light was not a fetal element in the Universe. 3: Ears when the organ needs atmosphere to work. 4: A penis on a monothelogical God with no one to get to know. 5: feet with nothing to walk on.  Its like arguing the merits of an omivoric diet with your family pet. The topic has some merit, but the merit is limited to only one side.  what a dumb post. I know no other creationist who believes God is a physical being. God is not a "thing," God simply "IS," just like you might envision how existence "is."
Rates of mutation are under some "control" in fact under stress its likely that repair mechanisms etc begin to fail thus raising the rate. The specific mutations which occurr are NOT apparently under control only the rates at which they occurr. Control in this case really meaning that under stress there is an observable increase in the rate of mutation. That may be control in a very loose sense. Such as the observation that starving populations are less healthy than adequately fed ones.  if cells have control over the rate of mutations, then the question needs to be asked, who or what is in control?   And evolutionists like to put a molecular clock on evolution....but if the cell has control over the rate of mutations, (which this rate may be sped up or slowed down according to environment or circumstance) what is the use in putting a clock on it?
Evidence # 6. DNA. When Darwin figured out descent with modification, he knew almost nothing about genetics. Although Mendel had begun his work it was not disseminated until much later. Darwin worked with pigeon breeders to understand that practical application of breeding. ToE predicts some kind of mechanism that would account for descent with modification. That is, people observed that organisms reproduce imperfectly, but didn't know why. ToE predicted that some kind of mechanism would be found that would explain HOW offspring come to resemble their parents, but not completely. Over the next hundred years, biologists discovered DNA and how it works. ToE did not predict the double helix structure, meiosis and mitosis, 4 chemicals, coding for proteins, etc. etc., just that there would be some mechanism that would account for these features in reproduction. Because of sexual combination, and mutation, DNA does completely account for this phenomenon.  since you can't show me how accidental changes in DNA beneficially effect a phenotype to make it more selectable, then it's pretty easy to see that this "evidence" is not evidence at all. You have no idea where DNA came from, you have no idea what's in control of it, or what changes its expression, you even have no idea what a "gene" is. Up to just a few years ago science thought the human genome had 100,000 genes -- but now that number is down to 25 - 30,000! Are you kidding me? These guys want us to believe they have the answers about DNA when they don't even know how many genes there are? Not only that, but a recent story just came out (I don't have the link at the moment) that admits how science can hardly even tell where a "gene" starts and stops.....that they all just sorta run together and overlap each other to form a cohesive unit.  Your "evidence" is extremely weak, liminus.
 Quote: Originally Posted by supersport  First of all, claiming the fact that certain animals may have similar eyes, ears, hands, feet and organs is not evidence that a darwinian mechanism is responsible.   liminus Of course it is, especially when this evidence is consilient with the genetic evidence. It could also be evidence for another theory, but there isn't one.  ** Tut tut, liminus. You know very well that there is at least one more theory of evolution apart from the 'randomly generated particle determining an organic trait for a passive organism, a chemically determined trait that,coincidentally, and luckily, is made adaptive by anticipating an indeterminate, random, unforseen, natural environmental occurence before it happens' darwinian mythology. That theory is, [per my label], Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis, and a special thread for you, devoted to debating its merits contra those of your darwinism, still awaits your promised attention.  I doubt that SS is the buxom blonde bimbo you've been blaming for the delay, is he?   And while I'm here, I'll just point out that although consilience in several lines of scientific enquiry has establishe biological evolution as an historical fact, no lines of evidence do that for the Darwin/Fisher, "RMNS", "MET" notion SS referred to, above. Not only is there no consilience, there is no evidentiary consistancy with this hypothetical notion of evolution's mechanism;-- the one you fellows mislabel "_The_ Theory of Evolution", aka, _the_"TOE".
[quote]EAM is not a theory.  ** In truth, it is an hypothesis. In further truth, it is far better qualified to be called a scientific "theory", in terms of supporting evidence and testability, than the 'RMNS' pseudo-science that you darwinists call, the "ToE". That is, evolution by random particle change in the germ cell linked by determinist chemistry, as an expressed trait, coincidentally and fortuitously matched to random environmental demands encountered by the lucky recipients, allowing them, by that fact alone, to statistically increase their populations faster and further than their not so lucky brothers, sisters, cousins, and clones.  And you people call this gibberish a 'theory' of 'evolution'?!?! Grab a brain cell the next time you stumble onto one.
   And I happen to know many creationists who think that GOD is a physical being although a omni-everything one. Immortal, omniscient, omnipotent, and omnipresent among other things. And most certainly the bible treats GOD as a being and I cannot think of a better source on the nature of GOD - can you?  well that's a ridiculous assumption because when you break "things" down to smaller and smaller parts, the part get so small that they eventually disappear, thus becoming a "non-things." (funny how all the "non-things" in the world somehow know how to act.) Matter is simply condensed energy.
"The universe burst into something from absolutely nothing- zero, nada. And as it got bigger, it became filled with even more stuff that came from absolutely nowhere. How is that possible? Ask Alan Guth. His theory of inflation helps explain everything." ~Discover Magazine April 2002  HAHAHA.   What great faith you evilutionists have in nothingness! LOL  Rofl
Evolution theory is not science at all, it is faith. Period.   How can I conclude that? Because an examination of the evidence shows that a bias/ ideology/ Godless belief system is the only real evidence for evolution theory:  evolutionist Stephen Jay Gould: "Our ways of learning about the world are strongly influenced by the social pre-conceptions and biased modes of thinking that each scientist must apply to any problem."  Evolutionary biologist Richard Lewontin said: "we have a prior commitment to materialism. It is not that the methods and institutions of science somehow compel us to accept a material explanation of the phenomenal world, but, on the contrary, that we are forced by our priori adherence to material causes to create an apparatus of investigation and a set of concepts that produce material explanations, no matter how counter-intuitive...Moreover, that materialism is an absolute, for we cannot allow a divine foot in the door."
Not that I agree with anything you've said here. You do seem to have quoted two others who see it as a science. Fossil studies and research involving species both past and present constitute a science more so that faith-based acceptance of parables and 'divinely inspired' writings of man.  Who said there's no room for something divine in evolutionary thought. I firmly believe in evolution. I firmly believe God caused it all.   You realized you just bolded a statement saying that science had nothing to do with "them" accepting evolution (a "material explaination") right?   Evolutionary biologist Richard Lewontin said: "we have a prior commitment to materialism. It is not that the methods and institutions of science somehow compel us to accept a material explanation of the phenomenal world, but, on the contrary, that we are forced by our priori adherence to material causes to create an apparatus of investigation and a set of concepts that produce material explanations, no matter how counter-intuitive...Moreover, that materialism is an absolute, for we cannot allow a divine foot in the door."  ROFL, that my friend was terrible science on your part.
But what great faith you cretinists have in nonsense!  Nonsense? Hardly: http://godsreal.org/?p=78  http://godsreal.org/?p=31  http://godsreal.org/?p=75
If it weren't for religious trolls, what would we do for a laugh? You don't get that level of profound ignorance every day!  Exactly, those zealous religious followers of "darwinianism" are hilarious!   Everything just "poof" came from nothing! lol, that's classicly hilarious indeed
The Big Bang was proved wrong years ago by Kent Hovind. Here's how:  "20 billion years ago there was a Big Bang [what exploded: since the year 2006, scientists have claimed that nothing exploded into the universe! By one of the most famous laws of physics, matter can neither be created nor destroyed. Nothing can't explode into something. Also, where did that something come from? Where did the energy for the explosion come from?] that started as a microscopic dot and exploded and expanded faster than the speed of light. It started out as a very hot, very dense region that was smaller than a period. [As you know, when matter is heated, it expands. For something to be hot enough to explode faster than the speed of light, it would have to be larger than our minds can comprehend.] Eventually, all of the matter in the universe will again be compressed into a infinitesimal speck. [We know that the universe is expanding outward. It cannot possibly expand from light years to something smaller than an atom.] When the universe was a dot, it spun clockwise faster and faster until it exploded. [The Law of Angular Momentum states that if an object breaks apart in a frictionless environment, then the fragments will all spin the same direction. Yet if the universe started out as a spinning speck and exploded, then how is it that the universe is filled with exceptions where moons, planets, and even whole galaxies are spinning backwards?] To sum it all up, the Big Bang Theory states that 'nothing exploded and here we are!'
Actually its 14 billion years. Hovind is not claiming what science does.  That is also factually incorrect. Matter can be destroyed. Anybody notice the sun shining? Anyone remember all those nuclear weapons. Anybody remember e=mc^2?  Good questions all. Science says "We don't know" how about that, we don't know everything.  Thus it could not be nothing. Only matter has temperature and density. And a very dense (very very very dense!) region is most definitely NOT nothing! And the energy present is related both to density and temperature! Lots of energy there - indeed nearly infinite energy.  As you know, when matter is heated, it expands. For something to be hot enough to explode faster than the sped of light, it would have to be larger than our minds can comprehend.[/QUOTE]  Nope. The original very dense very hot region expanded because it was so hot and so dense. All that energy has to go somewhere - expansion does the trick! And my how it did expand.  Actually science is not sure whether expansion will continue indefineitely, whether it will stop and remain stable, or whether it will collapse. Last I heard collapse was not given good odds. Hovind is probably behind the curve here.  Given there was no reference point I wonder if Hovind was looking at the universe from above or below. Depending on perspective it could have been spinning either way - if indeed it was spinning - and if it was spinning what was the spin relative to?  But the law of angular momentum does not require that all parts of a spinning object spin in the same way now does it. If so then something like a rotary engine for an aircraft would not be possible!  Not true, twas something that exploded (a dense hot small region) and it took the better part of 8 billion years for our arrival on the scene![/QUOTE]  What's 6 billion years, more or less? jk. You must remember that KH recorded this seminar 6 years ago. Science has re-estimated the age of the universe since then.  Matter can be taken apart, yes. Matter can seemingly disappear, yes. Matter cannot be destroyed (as in disappear from the universe completely). Also, what does the shining sun have to do with anything?  I know the answers to those questions: God. Of coarse, that is assuming that the Big Bang really did occur.  Actually, the heating and the expanding would have had to happen at the same time. When an object is heated, it expands as it heats, neither can occur without the other. Thereby, the heating must have occurred at the same time of the explosion. For my final disproving statement, I need to know if evos believe that the matter had always been there or not. Do tell.  Part 5: Touché. Again, evo science probably has changed since KH recorded his seminars.  There is no up or down in space. I only used clockwise as an example. It could have been counterclockwise. Still, that doesn't counter my example.  If indeed parts of the Big Bang were spinning in opposite directions, then the friction of the parts would interfere with the explosion, causing it to implode or even just stop all together.  EDIT: To sum it all up, the Big Bang Theory states that 'nothing exploded and the universe was formed!'  GOD was proved not to exist many years ago details if you wish.  I would be honored to see those details.
Kent Hovind is a slimy, uneducated, hack. His only education past high school is a degree from an unaccredited bible school.  It's truly amazing that even someone like KH can disprove evolution so quickly.
First, this has nothing to do with evolution.  Second, "A great invisible being spoke some words, the universe burst from nothing, the earth formed with a few words, some animals were poofed into existence with a few words, humans were poofed with a few words, and taken from common dirt, all by a great invisible being that the book which talks about him contradicts so many times it isn't even funny - By the way, all of this was done in six days, and then the invisible being went off to sleep because he's either a lazy@ss, or he's so weak that six days of work tired him out." is SERIOUS?  Hi Benjamin, I've read your posts and I congratulate you for representing the truth so well. And of course, this sites most consistent hatemongers have come out as a tag team once again to gang up on you with their same old tired arguments. And dont you get a kick out of SP calling herself a rational christian as she blasphemes God and attempts to disprove Him in every post ? This is a person who doesn't even know what the word hypocrite means, so she keeps that label under her user name.  I just wanted to welcome you and feindslayer to this forum as I have grown weary of the oppositions ignorance and refusal to grow or learn anything that is even the least bit redeeming. You will find the repetition is tiring just I did, but hang in there, you're doing fine considering the stubbornness and low degree of pseudo intellectualism you're up against. :)
Could you point to a single thread here showing you winning a argument?  Sure, that's easy. Here's one of many. Of course getting you to admit defeat is another story. But since I pretty much single handedly took the whole bunch of you gay apologists on for more than a thousand posts and so frustrated you ALL as a gang that you united to put me on ignore. I consider that solid evidence of totally and completely decimating you all. Like typical philosophical cowards, when you couldn't defeat me in debate you resorted to reporting me to admin enmasse in the hope of getting me banned. Only when you learned that I never got even one warning from him did you then place me on ignore. Here's the thread...  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9912  Why Homophobic? ( 1 2 3 4 5 ... Last Page) Started by: gman  Replies: 1,057 Views: 14,089  And this post count shows I took on every attack and lame justification your side attempted to promote. What is most telling is that the next closest poster, samiinh, did nothing but troll in 90% of his posts and contributed nothing at all of value to the debate.  Who Posted? Total Posts: 1,058 User Name Posts Archangel 237 samiinh 143 Ohioprof 101 lesz 64 Foxtuba 53 jyoshu 52 chemist99a 51 JakeCJB 50 ShadowPikachu 46 thelmoose 44 robbie0517 40 Matthew S 38 jitobear 19 JSDKoeln 15 foundit66 15 huckleberry 14 MrWriteLA 12 smiley 10 gman 10 davenport15 10 Kronus 8 Brigid 7 JPSartre12 5 marc9000 4 Nwarth 3 E Mutz 2 Unriggable 2 Winston Smith 1 Waxy 1 jim's trucking 1
I see you finally returned from licking your wounds.... It was nice and civilized without your hate-filled posts on the gay section.  Wounds ? Licking ? Returned ? First of all, I had no wounds to lick, and I've made no decision to return and waste my time on such empty headed hatemongers. But thanks for missing me so much. My only reason for commenting on this thread was to compliment Benjamin and feindslayer for their defense of what is right against the lot of you rabid dogs.    Leave it to you, EasyRider to bring up gays and gay rights in a forum that has nothing to do with it. Your obsession is disturbing, EZ.   Why do you attack me for simply answering a question that the obvious child asked ? Are you so incapable of debating me on the issues that you must always divert the subject to a nonexistent issue ? And although I'm complimented that you think I'm EZRider, which means he must frustrate your lies and ignorance as effectively as I do. But sadly for you, we are two separate people so you can count on double the trouble remaining when I choose to visit back here. See...  Could you point to a single thread here showing you winning a argument?
You didn't win that thread. You just insulted everyone to the point where no one could tolerate you. That's not winning.  Balderdash, had I insulted everyone I would have received at least ONE warning in 237 posts I submitted. Now go ask samiinh and tuba how many warnings they got for trolling on that thread. The hard reality that is impossible for your side to recognize and accept is that being a group of spiritually dead reprobates, they considered the truth I spoke as insults while interpreting the multiple hundreds of personal attacks levied against me as acceptable debating form. As usual they showed that hypocritical and a contradictory, self defeating life philosophy is the only truth your side knows.
Evolution theory is not science at all, it is faith. Period.   How can I conclude that? Because an examination of the evidence shows that a bias/ ideology/ Godless belief system is the only real evidence for evolution theory:  evolutionist Stephen Jay Gould: "Our ways of learning about the world are strongly influenced by the social pre-conceptions and biased modes of thinking that each scientist must apply to any problem."  Evolutionary biologist Richard Lewontin said: "we have a prior commitment to materialism. It is not that the methods and institutions of science somehow compel us to accept a material explanation of the phenomenal world, but, on the contrary, that we are forced by our priori adherence to material causes to create an apparatus of investigation and a set of concepts that produce material explanations, no matter how counter-intuitive...Moreover, that materialism is an absolute, for we cannot allow a divine foot in the door."   that quote just about says it all. Naturalistic explanations are not the result of scientific investigations...instead, naturalism is the assumption on which all investigations are based. In otherwords, the paradigm of naturalistic/materialistic causes is taken for granted...and instead of considering how the real physical evidence bears on the paradigm itself, todays scientists only wish to investigate the evidence within the naturalistic paradigm. Problems or contradictions that may occur in these investigations in no way are interpreted as a problem with the paradigm itself...instead, any contradictory data are just said to be "unexplained" or "mysterious." Contradictions are also just hand-waved as "different points of view." For example, the idea that Darwin required gradualism for natural selection to operate in no way was invalidated when Gould said gradualism simply wasn't found in the fossil record. Today's science simply ASSUMES there is a naturalistic explanation -- and no other explanation is allowed.
Shall we bring up your hoaxes and the infamous "birds with jet engines coming out of their butts?"   Since this is the only original thing you've said, and since I have no recollection of suggesting birds ever had jet engines coming out of their butts, I know that once again you are twisting and completely perverting some argument I made, so could you post where I said birds had jet engines coming out of their butts ? I'd love to see it in context just to prove how sick you really are.
Indeed, if you want a mystical, immaterial, non-empirical explanation which is based in something other than facts, logic, reason and hypothesis testing according to scientific principles, then Science is not going to help you at all. You need to consult your local shaman or priest instead, and you are welcome to believe the explanation you obtain if that makes you feel good.  chemist, science should not start out with the premise that the world and all that we see got here by way of naturalistic means. The premise should be to have an open mind, investigate the given evidence and then maybe make conclusions based on the findings. But as you just admitted, science doesn't do that. They just arbitrarily say we got here materialistically and then try to cram the facts and evidence in on that presumption. What's scientific about ruling out possibilities just because these possibilities might conflict with ones worldview? Einstein did that and at least had the honesty to admit later that it was one of the biggest mistakes of his life.
Do you recall your bumblebee claim?   Does dynamic stalling ring a bell?   I recently forwarded chemist the thread http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9763&page=4&highlight=planes  so he could laugh at you.  Btw, are you going to be a coward or are you going to actually address my post oh poster of movie props as factual evidence?   Shall we bring up your hoaxes and the infamous "birds with jet engines coming out of their butts?"  First of all, are you so inept as to only be able to post from page 3 of a thread rather than give the link for the actual post where I made a statement about BIRDS WITH JET ENGINES COMING OUT OF THEIR BUTTS ?   Instead, you are attempting to mock me for making the simple statement that bumble bees defy the laws of flight which according to this article has been widely believed by millions and has travelled the World after being started in Switzerland. Why can bumblebees fly? Published May 20th, 2007 Science   I have often heard people say that bumblebees should not be able to fly. Unfortunately, no one seems to have told the bumblebees this, and these poor, uninformed creatures still buzz about, unaware of the fact that they are 'aerodynamically incompatible with flight'.  So lets think about it rationally, is the bumblebee too stupid to realize that it can't actually fly or are the original mathematical calculations that came up with this theory of non-flight flawed?  Lets go back to where this whole thing started. There was this Swiss aerodynamicist who, at some posh dinner, got talking to a biologist who started asking about the flight of bees. So the aerodynamicist scribbled the calculation on the back of a napkin, but seeing as he was at a dinner party (and therefore possibly on the tipsy side and uninterested in talking shop), he simplified it. He assumed that bees have a smooth, rigid wing, like the wing of an airplane, and he had to guess the weight and wing area of Mr Bee. Shockingly, the calculations suggested that the bee generated insufficient lift to be able to fly, but the aerodynamicist had had enough by this point and went back to getting drunk.  However, the story spread and unfortunately wasn't taken as a lesson that a mathematical model of something is not the same as the real thing and can be wrong. Instead, the shocking rumour spread that bees should physically be incapable of flight and far too many people decided to believe the maths rather than mother nature.  Anyone who played with a dead bumblebee as a kid (was that just me?) will have noticed that their wings are nothing like the wings of a plane. Instead, they are not rigid and they bend and twist during flight. In reality, the beating bee's wings have more similarity with a helicopter rotor than a airplane wing.  A recent model of how rapid oscillations, like those created by a bee flapping it's wings 130 times a second, affect the air around them have, in fact, shown that bumblebees can fly. Insects appear to fly in a sea of vortexes moving against the main current of the air. I'm sure the bees will be glad to know that they don't defy the laws of nature after all.  So no one ever proved that a bumblebee can't fly. They simply illustrated that a simple mathematical model is not appropriate for describing the bumblebee's flight. However, the myth that a bumblebee can't fly is still flying around, unaware that it is, unlike Mr Bee, the one that is wrong.  Regarding the bolded, that was the only point I was trying to make at the time. That Bumble bees defy the laws of flight. It had been a widely promoted urban myth if you will, and I plead guilty to promoting it. But you have just confirmed how disingenuous and even slanderous you are to take such an innocent and widely held belief that I stated and twisting it into me saying the birds had jet engines coming out of their butts. Which clearly explains why as the slanderous and philosophical coward and the liar that you are, that you posted page 3 of the thread and not the specific post where I made such a claim. Because you know if you posted my actual post, everyone would clearly understand that I was speaking to the fact that bees simply seem to defy the laws of flight, and nothing as extreme as you want to attribute to me. After all, your goal isn't to tell the truth but to libel me.
You still haven't posted the quote of my post which says any of these things. Post where I said birds have jet engines coming out of their butts or admit that you're a liar.
You really have no idea what inductive reasoning is yes?   You argued that birds can't fly because they don't have the same method of flight as jets. Hence, birds can't fly because they don't have jet engines coming out of their butts.  You're a blatant liar child. That was your twisted and warped interpretation of what I said. And MY CHALLENGE TO YOU IS TO QUOTE "MY" POST THAT SAY'S ANYTHING EVEN RESEMBLING THAT. Put up or shut up you sanctimonious punk. I am sick of you twisting what I say. So prove your lies or apologize to me. And while you're at it, only the quote of me saying what you claim I said will be acceptable proof of your claim, got it ? Otherwise it will be proven for all to see that in order to feel like your winning these debates in your own small mind, you must twist, pervert and corrupt what others say like ignorant bullies must always resort to doing when they are losing.
The way I remember it, you claimed dragons have existed. Someone pointed out that the weight of a dragon would preclude their ability to fly.   To that you replied:   If you feel you have been misunderstood, tell us then, what really were you trying to say. Don't evade. Don't call anyone names. Just explain your position regarding birds, dragons and jumbo jets.  Now is your chance. Either explain what you were trying to say, or let it go.  That's not good enough moose. Let obvious child quote my posts where he has stated categorically that I made these claims as if they were positive arguments I was making. Because that is what he has been claiming here in his mocking way. He has implied that I said these things as a matter of fact and either he supports that accusation by quoting me actually having said these things in my posts or he is the proven liar and slanderer that I am very clearly calling him.   I am sick of explaining myself to you people when I communicate my thoughts very well before you take my clearly made arguments and twist them into something I never intended to say at all. And then by the time I have attempted to clarify myself and further explain what i originally meant, you schmucks have me claiming that I believe birds can't fly unless they have jet engines up their butts.  So if that is what obvious child believes I said and is attributing that belief to me, then let him prove I said that by quoting the post where I said it. Once he posts it, I will then explain it. But he can't post it because I never said it. I don't believe and have never even had such a thought in my mind. So put up or shut up child because I'm not playing any more of your infantile head games.
Not good enough? Figures. Another dodge. Of course, his "jet engines up the butt" was a humourous representation of your point. Because you, indeed, cannot explain what you meant, you are dwelling on the literal details of his words. His point, however, is still well taken, you seem to think because a 747 can fly, then it stands to reason a dragon could as well.  I was dumb enough to expect you would step up to the plate here.  I can't believe I am actually talking about dragons.  Do you recall your bumblebee claim?   Does dynamic stalling ring a bell?   I recently forwarded chemist the thread http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=9763&page=4&highlight=planes  so he could laugh at you.   Shall we bring up your hoaxes and the infamous "birds with jet engines coming out of their butts?"   Sorry moose but I don't know what to respond to. Let this liar post my actual post which he mockingly accuses me of saying in these quotes above and I will gladly respond to them. But why should I explain statements I never made ? The point I'm making here that you are also apparently to thick to get is that it is childs M.O. to re-interpret what others say and repeat them back to them in ways to make that person not only sound stupid, but insane to believe something so ludicrous.  So let this lying punk post me saying that birds need jet engines coming out of their butts in order to fly and I will gladly explain what I meant. I mean, if he sent it to chemist so he could get a good laugh at my expense then surely he can post the exact link of me saying that so we can all get a good laugh together, right ? Either that or he owes me an apology. emoticon_cool
Don't hold your breath.  Neither will happen. There's a technique used quite often by adolescent posters that involves rewording what you say and presenting it as a quote or an "oh, so you think....(their words)?" It a version of strawman.  Oh I know very well what he has been doing all along jim. It is a cowardly and completely pathetic type of so called debating style. I know of no more A dishonest way of debating, but child and SP have practiced it exclusively since first debating them, not to mention a few others also. That's why I'm calling for him to post the actual statement I made in order to prove he isn't a cowardly liar who must twist what others actually say in order to feel like he is winning. But like the philisophical coward he is, he will just slink away until he can use the same tactics on some newer, unsuspecting member. My whole reason for calling him on it was because he has done the same thing to Benjamin, fiendslayer and ENRI.
(Bolding mine for the part I have a problem with.)   Bull$hit! Substantiate or retract your slander immediately.  Are you kidding me ? Not a bloody chance I would retract the truth. And speaking of aliases, I wouldn't be surprised if you and child are the same person as your dishonest and cowardly debating styles are so similar. emoticon_xgood
YEs, EZ, I am expecting you to either substantiate your f-ing slander, or retract it. But then, that's what I would expect of a normal honest person, so I guess I can't really expect that out of you.  Nevertheless, either support your slander (typically if one makes such slanderous accusations, one usually has evidence to support them - either that or one is completely retarted) or retract it (and if you do neither, you will be reported for making offensive slanderous accusations without providing any evidence)  You're a true laugh riot with your cheap threats of reporting me. I truly marvel that you can be such a hypocrite as you make false accusations about me while demanding retractions from me, and not even see it in yourself :p . I'll make a deal with you though, when you either prove I'm EZ, or retract that false accusation then I'll consider retracting what I said.
Moose posted from the link I gave you which shows your quote.  He provided what you asked for.   How is he wrong in his explanation of what you meant?   Moose didn't post any link at all. Just a line that someone said, allegedly. YOU post the link where I said birds have jets coming out of their butts to fly as you mockingly attributed to me as if I was defending that claim. Put up or shut up child, and don't try to wiggle out of it with your usual scurillous and cowardly techniques.
I called you EZ because you suggested I was obviouschild - and BTW, I've already pointed out some strong supporting evidence as to you being EZ.  Now, you must be really dense, because you are accusing me of " rewording what you say and presenting it as a quote or an "oh, so you think....(their words)?" It a version of strawman." to quote Jim whom you agreed with and named me as one who does this, and then you think this compares to saying that someone is very similar to another poster, and pointing out observational evidence that suggests that the two posters may actually be the same.  If you think those two are comparable, your f-ed up.  Now retract your slander - this is your last opportunity.  Regarding the bolded, now there is another lie. You just can't help it, can you. And since this is the only thread I have been on in more than a month or so, and you accused me of being EZ on this thread, all anyone has to do is go back and see who made the accusation first. Talk about pathetic though. emoticon_rolleyes
Wow you are lazy.  I provided you the link to the page. Moose provided you the direct quote.  What more do you want? Seriously, does Jesus smile upon sheer laziness and sloth?  I remember a quote, "idle hands are the devil's playthings"  http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=258764&postcount=51  Geez, lazy...    I already did post the link...you're just lazy.  Where did I say anything about birds not being able to fly without jet propulsion ? Now let me show the great flaw in the argument you were attempting to make. On the one hand you insist that Dragons in no way ever existed, yet in your evidence to prove they didn't exist you referred to wing span to mass ratios as evidence that the implication that they could fly is ridiculous.   Tell me how that is the least bit rational argument ? First you say they couldn't exist then you show how their wing spans weren't in proportion to their bodies to allow for flight. QUESTION... If they never existed, how do you know their wingspans per body proportion ? But as usual you make off the wall claims with absolutely nothing to support your moronic and irrational contentions. And you don't even see the contradictions in your ludicrous arguments. And then you proceeded to mock me for my beliefs. Maybe that explains why I walked away in total frustration and unable to deal with you any further.
Speaking of pathetic, talk about someone who cannot even read context, dip$hit!   Doh!    I called you EZ because you suggested I was obviouschild - and BTW, I've already pointed out some strong supporting evidence as to you being EZ.   What context am I misreading here ? You said you called me EZ because I called you child first. Well go back to post 48 on this thread and see who made the accusation first. And do tell what supporting evidence you pointed out that I'm EZ. You did nothing more than your typical irrational rants that are based in nothing more real than that ridiculous self promoting label of you as a so called rational christian. Talk about a standing joke, as you spend all your time fighting what God stands for and who God is on these forums. emoticon_rolleyes
Read above. I did predict that you would make yourself look foolish. And I'm right.   Sure you did child, only because you're a legend in your own mind do you think that. ;)
One can make nearly any object fly if you have sufficient power. For example consider the Saturn V rockets. No wings, not many control surfaces. Flies like crazy with over 6 million pounds of thrust. I saw one launch once upon a time. Now thats a takeoff! Bit noisy though. When they tested the engines in Huntsville the ground literally shook for miles around.   But whats clear is that you do not understand how wing area, weight, and power relate on aircraft. If you just scale them up they will not fly worth a darn! Just as you cannot get a 50 ft tall human with the same proportions as a 6 footer using the same materials. Look up the square cube law for starters.  I understand these things chemist, and you know that I do. I see no reason to respond to the ludicrous challenges by ignorant XXXXXX who think they can insult me into answering to or explain statements I never intended to say. Don't feed the Trolls chemist, you are better than that. Or at least I thought you were.
Stop whining child, you're embarrassing yourself. emoticon_cry and while you're at it, get a clue. emoticon_idea
It's funny how you pretend to be the winner here when you can't even address a single point made to you or refute any reasonings made against you.  Explain to me how "I'm right because I said so" is a viable argument.  I am the winner, simply because I'm not you. But of course you'd have to be me to fully appreciate that in this lifetime. :)
Life is sure nice when you don't have to make sense isn't it? emoticon_xagree  Not that anyone with a education actually thinks you're nothing more then a troll though...  And I'm the one embarrassing myself....  Remind me next time I seriously use your kind of logic.  Talk about making sense, the proper grammar is "Not that anyone with an education actually thinks you're anything more than a troll though." An educated person would know proper english. emoticon_xgood So you can lie to these other guys about being educated, but don't lie to me.
So you're now using grammar attacks. Not surprising after all. You can't actually address a single argument made to you, which again isn't surprising given your argument that you're right because you're not me. Has it ever occurred to you that perhaps English is not my first language? And improper grammar is hardly a sign one is uneducated. Failure to show any critical reasoning whatsoever and relying upon Goddidit and I'm right because I say so is.  Hey, you're the one telling us how intelligent you are so you should at least learn simple grammar. And I've never met an educated person who couldn't form a proper sentence. So take a word of advice and dont think more of yourself than you ought to because there's always going to be someone who is smarter than you are. Especially in your case. emoticon_rolleyes
I'm still waiting for you to show where I ever said that bees can't fly little child. Stop running away and prove your claim isn't a lie if you can.
JESUS CHRIST YOU SIMPLETON!!!  It's right here  Now go ahead and lie, insult, and in other disgusting ways try and weasel out of this exact statement you made that you deny inBIG RED ####ING LETTERS ever making:  "how does a bumble bee fly ? The greatest minds in the field can't figure that one out. So obviously bumble bees flying must not truly exist right ? Scientifically it's proven to be impossible so it must be a figment of our imagination right ?"   Pathetic  FFS  THIS IS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE. TQ decides to pipe in and prove that he is as dishonest as our resident liar and purveyor of untruths, the obvious child. And you posted the very link which proves you're also a deceptive troll by only posting half of what I said so as to imply I made some absolute statement of fact which I wasn't making at all. Here's the rest of my post which you failed to copy and paste in your massive bolded font, my dishonest troll.  OH, AND ONE MORE THING MY LYING TROLL, THE CHILD STATED THAT I SAID THAT "BEES" DON'T FLY AS IF I WAS SAYING THAT "ALL BEES", NOT JUST BUMBLE BEES COULDN'T FLY. THIS QUOTED POST IS OBVIOUSLY DISCUSSING BUMBLE BEES SPECIFICALLY WHICH DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT AND HAVE BEEN THE SUBJECT OF DISCUSSION BY SCIENTISTS FOR YEARS WHICH WAS THE ONLY POINT I WAS MAKING IN THE FIRST PLACE ON THAT THREAD. HERE'S THE REST OF MY STATEMENT...  Oh wait, I've seen them fly with my own eyes, does that mean I'm crazy or do bumble bees simply defy what we know to the the norm. There are more things in heaven and Earth than the mind of man can even conceive of yet you speak of things you know nothing about for sure as if they are no brainers and people like me who are open to the unanswered possibilities are nothing more than fodder for your insults. You're a self righteous punk who loves to try to embarrass and belittle others who dare to look outside the box of what is accepted as the norm or disagree with your limited perspective on life. HERE'S THE LINK FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO READ THE POST IN CONTEXT:  http://www.4forums.com/political/258852-post68.html  YOU DIDN'T WANT TO POST THE LAST PART WHICH SHOWED THAT I WASN'T MAKING AN ABSOLUTE STATEMENT OF FACT OR BELIEF AT ALL, DID YOU LIAR!!! THAT WOULDN'T SERVE YOUR PURPOSE TO INSULT ME EVEN IF YOU HAD TO LIE, MISREPRESENT AND DISTORT MY STATEMENT AT THE TIME IN ORDER TO ACCOMPLISH YOUR DECEPTIVE GOAL OF IMPLYING THAT I SAID SOMETHING I NEVER SAID AT ALL, HUH!!!   IT'S NO SURPRISE THAT YOU ARE SUPPORTING THE OBVIOUS CHILD, YOU'RE NO MORE HONEST THAN HE IS. BUT EVEN HE KNEW BETTER THAN TO QUOTE THIS POST BECAUSE HE KNEW I WASN'T MAKING A STATEMENT OF FACT OR BELIEF AT ALL IN THAT POST. SO MUCH FOR FINDING AN OBJECTIVE SEEKER OF TRUTH IN YOUR LITTLE CLICK OF MOCKERS, SCOFFERS AND HATERS OF ANYTHING TRUE OR HONEST AROUND HERE. 
Can I call them or what?  If by calling them you mean lying and distorting what another says, then yes, you are expert at that. Here again is your claim of what I said, and my complete statement which proves I wasn't saying what you attribute to me. You are caught once again, and once again you remain in denial of your dishonesty as you just plow through ignoring what you are as if everyone else is too blind to see you for what you are.  emoticon_xagree  JESUS CHRIST YOU SIMPLETON!!!  It's right here  Now go ahead and lie, insult, and in other disgusting ways try and weasel out of this exact statement you made that you deny inBIG RED ####ING LETTERS ever making:  "how does a bumble bee fly ? The greatest minds in the field can't figure that one out. So obviously bumble bees flying must not truly exist right ? Scientifically it's proven to be impossible so it must be a figment of our imagination right ?"  Or hey, about here, where you say this "you are attempting to mock me for making the simple statement that bumble bees defy the laws of flight"  Pathetic  FFS  THIS IS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE. TQ decides to pipe in and prove that he is as dishonest as our resident liar and purveyor of untruths, the obvious child. And you posted the very link which proves you're also a deceptive troll by only posting half of what I said so as to imply I made some absolute statement of fact which I wasn't making at all. Here's the rest of my post which you failed to copy and paste in your massive bolded font, my dishonest troll.  OH, AND ONE MORE THING MY LYING TROLL, THE CHILD STATED THAT I SAID THAT "BEES" DON'T FLY AS IF I WAS SAYING THAT "ALL BEES", NOT JUST BUMBLE BEES COULDN'T FLY. THIS QUOTED POST IS OBVIOUSLY DISCUSSING BUMBLE BEES SPECIFICALLY WHICH DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT AND HAVE BEEN THE SUBJECT OF DISCUSSION BY SCIENTISTS FOR YEARS WHICH WAS THE ONLY POINT I WAS MAKING IN THE FIRST PLACE ON THAT THREAD. HERE'S THE REST OF MY STATEMENT...  Oh wait, I've seen them fly with my own eyes, does that mean I'm crazy or do bumble bees simply defy what we know to the the norm. There are more things in heaven and Earth than the mind of man can even conceive of yet you speak of things you know nothing about for sure as if they are no brainers and people like me who are open to the unanswered possibilities are nothing more than fodder for your insults. You're a self righteous punk who loves to try to embarrass and belittle others who dare to look outside the box of what is accepted as the norm or disagree with your limited perspective on life. HERE'S THE LINK FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO READ THE POST IN CONTEXT:  http://www.4forums.com/political/258852-post68.html  YOU DIDN'T WANT TO POST THE LAST PART WHICH SHOWED THAT I WASN'T MAKING AN ABSOLUTE STATEMENT OF FACT OR BELIEF AT ALL, DID YOU LIAR!!! THAT WOULDN'T SERVE YOUR PURPOSE TO INSULT ME EVEN IF YOU HAD TO LIE, MISREPRESENT AND DISTORT MY STATEMENT AT THE TIME IN ORDER TO ACCOMPLISH YOUR DECEPTIVE GOAL OF IMPLYING THAT I SAID SOMETHING I NEVER SAID AT ALL, HUH!!!   IT'S NO SURPRISE THAT YOU ARE SUPPORTING THE OBVIOUS CHILD, YOU'RE NO MORE HONEST THAN HE IS. BUT EVEN HE KNEW BETTER THAN TO QUOTE THIS POST BECAUSE HE KNEW I WASN'T MAKING A STATEMENT OF FACT OR BELIEF AT ALL IN THAT POST. SO MUCH FOR FINDING AN OBJECTIVE SEEKER OF TRUTH IN YOUR LITTLE CLICK OF MOCKERS, SCOFFERS AND HATERS OF ANYTHING TRUE OR HONEST AROUND HERE. 
Hey Archie, could you post it a third time, in case there's someone out there as slow as you who might have missed it the first two times?  No need since you aren't denying that you blatantly lied and attempted to misrepresent my statement in the quoted post below as you quoted only part of what I said in an attempt to change the meaning of my statement, which is proven to be a lie here in my own original post. http://www.4forums.com/political/258852-post68.html . My point has been made. You are as big a dishonest liar as the obvious child is. Case closed. emoticon_xgood  JESUS CHRIST YOU SIMPLETON!!!  It's right here  Now go ahead and lie, insult, and in other disgusting ways try and weasel out of this exact statement you made that you deny inBIG RED ####ING LETTERS ever making:  "how does a bumble bee fly ? The greatest minds in the field can't figure that one out. So obviously bumble bees flying must not truly exist right ? Scientifically it's proven to be impossible so it must be a figment of our imagination right ?" 
What&#8217;s next arch, cap lock on with big red letters?  Actually this is good for you arch, let it all out, let all that hatred pour right out of you.  Tell us accipiter, are you too ignorant to comprehend that it was TQ who's post was written in the massive bolded? Or are you just openly displaying more of your denials of reality, and projections for all to see, once again? You people are so quick to attack me that you forget to make any rational sense. Your criticism should be directed at TQ if your concern about who first used the largest red bolded font is sincere. emoticon_xdonno  JESUS CHRIST YOU SIMPLETON!!!  It's right here  Now go ahead and lie, insult, and in other disgusting ways try and weasel out of this exact statement you made that you deny inBIG RED ####ING LETTERS ever making:  "how does a bumble bee fly ? The greatest minds in the field can't figure that one out. So obviously bumble bees flying must not truly exist right ? Scientifically it's proven to be impossible so it must be a figment of our imagination right ?" 
It don't think there's enough time in the world for Arch to let that much hatred pour out of him.  The Missoula lakes megafloods would pale by comparison.  As you both also ignore the fact that it was TQ who first posted in the largest red bolded font possible. But hey, since when do you children care about facts or truth. emoticon_rolleyes  Originally Posted by TQ JESUS CHRIST YOU SIMPLETON!!!  It's right here  Now go ahead and lie, insult, and in other disgusting ways try and weasel out of this exact statement you made that you deny inBIG RED ####ING LETTERS ever making:  "how does a bumble bee fly ? The greatest minds in the field can't figure that one out. So obviously bumble bees flying must not truly exist right ? Scientifically it's proven to be impossible so it must be a figment of our imagination right ?"  Or hey, about here, where you say this "you are attempting to mock me for making the simple statement that bumble bees defy the laws of flight"  Pathetic  FFS
What does size of red bold font have to do with your record levels of hatred?  You know we're all laughing at you?  http://www.4forums.com/political/358860-post402.html
Yeah it&#8217;s amazing how much hatred, bigotry and stupidity the bible can generate.  The bible doesn't generate hatred, bigotry and stupidity accipiter, it reveals and exposes it which is why people like you have so much hatred for Gods word, since it speaks directly to you and convicts you specifically of your spiritual condition. Here's what I mean, take this biblical warning seriously if you have even one ounce of wisdom:  Rom 1:18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who suppress the truth in unrighteousness, Rom 1:19 because that which is known about God is evident within them; for God made it evident to them. Rom 1:20 For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse. Rom 1:21 For even though they knew God, they did not honor Him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their speculations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Rom 1:22 Professing to be wise, they became fools, Rom 1:23 and exchanged the glory of the incorruptible God for an image in the form of corruptible man and of birds and four-footed animals and crawling creatures. Rom 1:24 Therefore God gave them over in the lusts of their hearts to impurity, so that their bodies would be dishonored among them. Rom 1:25 For they exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. Rom 1:26 For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural, Rom 1:27 and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error. Rom 1:28 And just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God any longer, God gave them over to a depraved mind, to do those things which are not proper, Rom 1:29 being filled with all unrighteousness, wickedness, greed, evil; full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, malice; {they are} gossips, Rom 1:30 slanderers, haters of God, insolent, arrogant, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, Rom 1:31 without understanding, untrustworthy, unloving, unmerciful; Rom 1:32 and although they know the ordinance of God, that those who practice such things are worthy of death, they not only do the same, but also give hearty approval to those who practice them. 
Even on this forum alone!  The bible doesn't generate hatred, bigotry and stupidity, it reveals and exposes it which is why people like you have so much hatred for Gods word, since it speaks directly to you and convicts you specifically of your spiritual condition. Here's what I mean, take this biblical warning seriously if you have even one ounce of wisdom:  Rom 1:18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who suppress the truth in unrighteousness, Rom 1:19 because that which is known about God is evident within them; for God made it evident to them. Rom 1:20 For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse. Rom 1:21 For even though they knew God, they did not honor Him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their speculations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Rom 1:22 Professing to be wise, they became fools, Rom 1:23 and exchanged the glory of the incorruptible God for an image in the form of corruptible man and of birds and four-footed animals and crawling creatures. Rom 1:24 Therefore God gave them over in the lusts of their hearts to impurity, so that their bodies would be dishonored among them. Rom 1:25 For they exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. Rom 1:26 For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural, Rom 1:27 and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error. Rom 1:28 And just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God any longer, God gave them over to a depraved mind, to do those things which are not proper, Rom 1:29 being filled with all unrighteousness, wickedness, greed, evil; full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, malice; {they are} gossips, Rom 1:30 slanderers, haters of God, insolent, arrogant, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, Rom 1:31 without understanding, untrustworthy, unloving, unmerciful; Rom 1:32 and although they know the ordinance of God, that those who practice such things are worthy of death, they not only do the same, but also give hearty approval to those who practice them. 
Your argument is like saying illegal drugs are an inanimate substance with out any designs whatsoever on taking over anyone's life so we can ignore them.  The problem is when you give a bible to a human some of them lose their sense of reason in a serious way.  I read some of your scientific arguments and it's like you've intellectually hobbled yourself.  Your arguments have all the scientific credibility of a UFO abductees.  You believe I am filled with hatred but it's not hatred it's indifference.  I regard the bible as just another book of myth and your religion as just a sociological phenomenon with nothing very remarkable about it at all.  Your perception of my hatred for "gods word" is just one of your numerous incorrect beliefs.  Stop ignoring the meat of the message I am offering to you. Take this biblical warning seriously if you have even one ounce of wisdom:  Rom 1:18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who suppress the truth in unrighteousness, Rom 1:19 because that which is known about God is evident within them; for God made it evident to them. Rom 1:20 For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse. Rom 1:21 For even though they knew God, they did not honor Him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their speculations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Rom 1:22 Professing to be wise, they became fools, Rom 1:23 and exchanged the glory of the incorruptible God for an image in the form of corruptible man and of birds and four-footed animals and crawling creatures. Rom 1:24 Therefore God gave them over in the lusts of their hearts to impurity, so that their bodies would be dishonored among them. Rom 1:25 For they exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. Rom 1:26 For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural, Rom 1:27 and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error. Rom 1:28 And just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God any longer, God gave them over to a depraved mind, to do those things which are not proper, Rom 1:29 being filled with all unrighteousness, wickedness, greed, evil; full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, malice; {they are} gossips, Rom 1:30 slanderers, haters of God, insolent, arrogant, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, Rom 1:31 without understanding, untrustworthy, unloving, unmerciful; Rom 1:32 and although they know the ordinance of God, that those who practice such things are worthy of death, they not only do the same, but also give hearty approval to those who practice them. 
You may as well not post cut and paste from the bible because I don&#8217;t read it.  If you can&#8217;t argue in your own words I am not interested. My words are as empty and shallow as yours are. But these words from the bible are the meat of life and never come back void. Sure, you can ignore them and insist that they don't have any influence on you, but when all is said and done in this life, they will be all that truly mattered. I also find it interesting that you so fear the TRUTH that you are afraid to even read it. So I repeat. Stop ignoring the meat of the message I am offering to you. Take this biblical warning seriously if you have even one ounce of wisdom:  Rom 1:18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who suppress the truth in unrighteousness, Rom 1:19 because that which is known about God is evident within them; for God made it evident to them. Rom 1:20 For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse. Rom 1:21 For even though they knew God, they did not honor Him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their speculations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Rom 1:22 Professing to be wise, they became fools, Rom 1:23 and exchanged the glory of the incorruptible God for an image in the form of corruptible man and of birds and four-footed animals and crawling creatures. Rom 1:24 Therefore God gave them over in the lusts of their hearts to impurity, so that their bodies would be dishonored among them. Rom 1:25 For they exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. Rom 1:26 For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural, Rom 1:27 and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error. Rom 1:28 And just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God any longer, God gave them over to a depraved mind, to do those things which are not proper, Rom 1:29 being filled with all unrighteousness, wickedness, greed, evil; full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, malice; {they are} gossips, Rom 1:30 slanderers, haters of God, insolent, arrogant, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, Rom 1:31 without understanding, untrustworthy, unloving, unmerciful; Rom 1:32 and although they know the ordinance of God, that those who practice such things are worthy of death, they not only do the same, but also give hearty approval to those who practice them. 
Your approach assumes we agree that there is a god and that the bible is the word of god, I disagree on both points.  The bible is the word of God and your rejection of that FACT does nothing to negate that reality. Don't you get it yet? You can ignore, deny, reject and turn away from the living God all you want to, but that does nothing to lessen the fact that HE IS THE GOD OF ALL CREATION AND THE LORD OF LIFE.   FOR IT IS WRITTEN AND A RELIABLE PROMISE:  Phl 2:10 that at the name of Jesus every knee shall bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, Phl 2:11 and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
You should put him on block now. Arch can only article spam. No original material comes out of him other than insults. You will never see him argue something on this own unless it's an insult tirade. Psa 36:2 For in his own eyes he flatters himself too much to detect or hate his sin. Psa 36:3 The words of his mouth are wicked and deceitful; he has ceased to be wise and to do good.
You should put him on block now. Arch can only article spam. No original material comes out of him other than insults. You will never see him argue something on this own unless it's an insult tirade.   Psa 36:2 For in his own eyes he flatters himself too much to detect or hate his sin. Psa 36:3 The words of his mouth are wicked and deceitful; he has ceased to be wise and to do good.  Dude. Seriously. You gotta to stop doing that. People are going to think we are in cahoots. I predict it and then you go and do exactly what I said you do!   You are SERIOUSLY jeopardizing our cover.  Quoting the bible is not spamming to anyone other than a Godless heathen. Must you constantly distort reality with your corrupted world view?
Your argument is a joke as usual.  I don't know what happened to you to make you this way but it must have been terrible. Jhn 3:5 Jesus answered, "I tell you the truth, no one can enter the kingdom of God unless he is born of water and the Spirit. Jhn 3:6 Flesh gives birth to flesh, but the Spirit [fn] gives birth to spirit. Jhn 3:7 You should not be surprised at my saying, 'You [fn] must be born again.'
YouTube - Spam  Here's my problem penfold. Reasoning with the likes of you, TQ, the obvious child and accipiter just doesn't work. So I figured that responding to you with Gods word is my only chance for getting through to you. Got it? Jer 48:42 Moab shall be destroyed and be no longer a people, because he magnified himself against the LORD. Jer 48:43 Terror, pit, and snare are before you, O inhabitant of Moab! says the LORD. Jer 48:44 He who flees from the terror shall fall into the pit, and he who climbs out of the pit shall be caught in the snare. For I will bring these things upon Moab in the year of their punishment, says the LORD. This is the fate of they who mock and blaspheme God. Heed this warning and the warnings to come or be destroyed by the same word of God which you mock.
We can all see that you "figured" erroneously. Bombast and threats of reprisal by an imaginary friend are as worthless as they were in kindergarten. We grew up, while you just got older, substituting one dependent relationship for another.  Really? You consider rebelling against your heavenly father growing up? I call it denying ones birthright.   Rom 8:13 For if you live according to the flesh you will die; but if by the Spirit you put to death the deeds of the body, you will live. Rom 8:14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, these are sons of God. Rom 8:15 For you did not receive the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you received the Spirit of adoption by whom we cry out, "Abba, Father." Rom 8:16 The Spirit Himself bears witness with our spirit that we are children of God, Rom 8:17 and if children, then heirs--heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ, if indeed we suffer with [Him], that we may also be glorified together.
Er . . . how can you rebel against something that does not exist?  If God be a myth then you would have a valid point. But since you are the product of His existence, then your claim is a total denial of reality. And unfortunately this will be the result for you. Mat 10:32 "Therefore whoever confesses Me before men, him I will also confess before My Father who is in heaven. Mat 10:33 But whoever denies Me before men, him I will also deny before My Father who is in heaven.
I got a good idea. Let's write our own holy book and then cite it against Arch!   after all, both are of the same "validity"  Goody! I made a valid point.  It is you who are in total denial of reality.  Oh, and I regard your empty threat with the contempt it fully deserves.  Good idea. I vote we call our supreme being, "The Supreme Being", rather than messing around coming up with some other stupid name for It.  I am sorry, but you are not allowed to take my title away from me.  Watch it Trebor. My "Supreme Being" is a jealous "Supreme Being". You shall have no other "Supreme Beings" but It.  My supreme being's dad can kick IT's dad's ****! So there!  Mock God all you like atheists. None of it changes who He is or the inevitable shock which awaits all who deny His eternal Lordship over all that is.  Mat 10:32 "Therefore whoever confesses Me before men, him I will also confess before My Father who is in heaven. Mat 10:33 But whoever denies Me before men, him I will also deny before My Father who is in heaven.
Mock God all you like atheists. None of it changes who He is or the inevitable shock which awaits all who deny His eternal Lordship over all that is.  Mat 10:32 "Therefore whoever confesses Me before men, him I will also confess before My Father who is in heaven. Mat 10:33 But whoever denies Me before men, him I will also deny before My Father who is in heaven.  Take offense on behalf of your imaginary god all you like. None of it changes reality, and the inevitable nothing that awaits you.  Where did I say I was offended in any way by your ignorance smiley? It is God you are offending and God who will deal with you at the judgment. He doesn't need me defending Him from God denying atheists.
They are not mocking god, they are mocking you.  THEY? I suppose you're just the little innocent kid on the sideline watching, huh! Are you attempting to absolve yourself of guilt for all of the mockery you have thrown at God? emoticon_xgood Could it be you have been convicted and feel some guilt and maybe a little fear because of the side you have been supporting? emoticon_xchicken
No I have been mocking you as well.  I have done nothing but mock you since I arrived.  If you also want to say that I am mocking god then yes I am doing that too.  Maybe it would be more accurate if I said I was mocking YOUR god, because quite literally he is as big a joke as you are just look at who he picked to do his promoting.  Thanks, I'm glad we were able to clear that up. Now you'll know better than to deny your ignorant rebellion against Him when you are finally standing before Him on that final day. emoticon_xgood
My rebellion comes not from ignorance but from you, so yeah in a round about way it does come from ignorance.  No my young friend, you are proving how ignorant you are by claiming that I or anyone else can cause you to rebel against God and deny He exists. You will learn one day that just as we are all born alone, and walk through life alone, we also die alone and will be held accountable as individuals by God based on our own personal experiences and opportunities to receive Him, which will be painfully obvious to you by then.
No my young friend, you are proving how ignorant you are by claiming that I or anyone else can cause you to rebel against God and deny He exists. You will learn one day that just as we are all born alone, and walk through life alone, we also die alone and will be held accountable as individuals by God based on our own personal experiences and opportunities to receive Him, which will be painfully obvious to you by then.  Same old empty threat.  Blah, blah, blah . . .  Empty threats? NEVER! Spiritual promises which everyone can rely on? Absolutely! It is Jesus who made the promises, not me.   Jhn 5:24 "Truly, truly, I say to you, he who hears My word, and believes Him who sent Me, has eternal life, and does not come into judgment, but has passed out of death into life. Jhn 5:25 "Truly, truly, I say to you, an hour is coming and now is, when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God, and those who hear will live. Jhn 5:26 "For just as the Father has life in Himself, even so He gave to the Son also to have life in Himself; Jhn 5:27 and He gave Him authority to execute judgment, because He is {the} Son of Man. Jhn 5:28 "Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice, Jhn 5:29 and will come forth; those who did the good {deeds} to a resurrection of life, those who committed the evil {deeds} to a resurrection of judgment. Jhn 5:30 "I can do nothing on My own initiative. As I hear, I judge; and My judgment is just, because I do not seek My own will, but the will of Him who sent Me. Welcome to the dirty secret of 4forums. Archangel ties Christanity, the Christian God and all things Christanity to his and only his narrow interpretation of the religion.  At least learn how to spell CHRISTIANITY before lying about how I believe and practice it little child. As usual, nothing else you said is worthy of defending against since it is just more of your dishonest, distorted and corrupted drivel. emoticon_xgood
He was probably thinking "inanity" when he typed it. That would be a very apt description of the way you profess your version of "christianity."  Right, christanity and inanity can easily be confused for the same word; to the willfully ignorant anyway. emoticon_xdonno
Not to mention his world view which believes math is atheism.   And here we go again with the liar of liars claiming that I said that anyone who believes in Math must be an atheist. GO ON CHILD, I CHALLENGE YOU ONCE AGAIN TO QUOTE ME EVER SAYING THAT MATH EQUALS ATHEISM, AND ACTUALLY MEANING THAT ANYONE WHO BELIEVES IN MATH OR RELIES ON IT MUST BE AN ATHEIST. BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE ASSERTING HERE. SO GO ON AND PROVE YOU'RE NOT A BLATANT LIAR ONCE AGAIN BY COMPLETELY AND DISHONESTLY MISREPRESENTING SOMETHING I SAID IN A PAST DEBATE.  Rom 1:18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who suppress the truth in unrighteousness, Rom 1:19 because that which is known about God is evident within them; for God made it evident to them. Rom 1:20 For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse. Rom 1:21 For even though they knew God, they did not honor Him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their speculations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Rom 1:22 Professing to be wise, they became fools,
among others.  How much remedial reading would arch need to understand that i never said that he said math = atheism? But that he instead calling a worldview that accepts math as a fact to be atheism?  you're still a liar. No matter how you phrase it, show and prove that i ever called any world view which accepts math as a fact to be atheism. go on liar, quote me saying that at all, in any way, or even implied it in a round about way. Back up your lying and dishonest claim since you never proved your other lie after repeated demands that you you prove that lie to be true.   How much remedial reading would arch need to understand that i never said that he said math = atheism?  REALLY? Once again you are a damnable liar in claiming I need remedial reading classes to believe that you said that math = atheism. You see child, I'm just going by the last time you told this same lie, HERE: http://www.4forums.com/political/353479-post28.html You have repeated it numerous times before now. You seem incapable to stay on point in debates but must go back to past debates and reinterpret them dishonestly in order to marginalize your opposition. You attempted to do the same thing to steamroller in the thread I posted to, and actually brought this lie in response to my post. You are incapable of debating issues honestly. It is beyond your capability and why you haven't been banned just boggles my mind since you are a cancer to this forum and anyone who wastes their time debating you. 
http://www.4forums.com/political/337190-post38.html  Which was a reply to:   http://www.4forums.com/political/337111-post26.html  Huh. T.Q insults you for your inability to do math (in addition to other things) and you reply calling his world view "atheistic and secular."  My Lord, you are as dense as a rock. Tell us how rejecting an atheistic world view translates into attributing math to atheism? Are you actually stating that math equals the sum total of TQs world view? Is that how utterly stupid you are?
I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child who is so absolutely dishonest, that he is so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar knows he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after my repeated denials by me that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
Why is it so important to you to defend your self all the time?  Nobody cares arch, you're just being nutty.  What is not only nutty, but totally insane is your opinion that I am wrong for defending myself against this liars constant irrational distortions of my opinions in debates here. Haven't you the brains to recognize the lies he tells? And how are you to be respected if you can stand by and ignore his tactics while questioning my right to call him out on his blatant lies about what I say? Can you answer that or will you just pull a penfold and troll as usual with your unfounded criticisms?  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child who is so absolutely dishonest, that he is so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar knows he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after my repeated denials by me that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
But his description of your ignorance is perfectly sound. I find it ironic (pathetic) that you, of all people, can accuse others of dishonesty.  So, you believe that I argued that anyone who relies on math must therefore be an atheist? And you believe that I argued that NO bees at all, much less Bumble Bees can fly, when I actually said Bumble Bees defy the laws of flight? You are arguing that obvious childs claims about my saying these things and believing them are true? Is that what you're saying smiley? If so then you are too stupid to see that it is you who is just as dishonest and pathetic as the obvious child.   Like everyone else in life, I have made mistakes in things I have said. But to then extrapolate that I am being dishonest compared to what this blatant and unapologetic liar does every time he logs on is disingenuous at best and criminal at worst. To criticize me at all while giving the obvious child a pass as he so blatantly misrepresents my positions reveals your hypocritical bias at every level of rationale. emoticon_rolleyes
Facts can be proven. You can't prove the bible is the word of god. Therefore, it is not a fact. Simple logic.  This is a fact, whether you accept it or not. You will surely learn that it was a fact which you denied, one day. You cannot prove the age of the earth, yet that doesn't change the fact that the earth exists. Many things exist which we can't prove absolutely yet we accept them as real. So it is with the bible and God Himself.   Rom 1:19 because that which is known about God is evident within them; for God made it evident to them. Rom 1:20 For since the creation of the world His invisible attributes, His eternal power and divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made, so that they are without excuse. 
I believe that you equated OC's worldview as being atheistic merely because she rightly assessed your mathematical prowess as severely lacking. I can see how this might lead to a belief that you equate maths to atheism.  If you said that bumble bees defy the laws of flight, then you would indeed be wrong.  Like everyone else you have made mistakes in things you have said. Unlike everyone else you seem incapable, or at least unwilling, of owning up to these mistakes. Then you go on the describe OC as a blatant and unapologetic liar, and the irony meters explode once more.  And you talk about rationale like you have the faintest idea what it is. Classic!  Then you are no better or rational than child is. This post applies to you also. emoticon_xgood  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, smiley also)who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
I guess the obvious child has skulked away and gone into hiding like a good coward, as he always does when it gets too hot for him around here. emoticon_xgood emoticon_rolleyes  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, smiley also)who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
And then we all laughed and laughed . . . .  http://www.celticattic.com/scandinavian/images/trolls/laughing_troll.jpg AND THE TROLLS LAUGH AT THAT WHICH THEY CAN'T REFUTE!    emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, smiley also)who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
And the king of all trolls insults those he cannot understand.  Really? Does this quoted thesis sound like I don't understand the dishonesty you and your ilk represent?  http://www.celticattic.com/scandinavian/images/trolls/laughing_troll.jpg AND THE TROLLS LAUGH AT THAT WHICH THEY CAN'T REFUTE!    emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, smiley also)who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, other members also) who are so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in their arrogance and delusions, that they feels they can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false. And others are dishonest enough to not even correct him, but will actually defend and incourage his dishonesty and perversion of facts. emoticon_confused  Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.[/QUOTE]
Gee obvious child, none of your buddies are claiming my opinion of you is wrong at all. They just don't like me repeating it so often. I understand why you have run away though since you can't post your lies anymore with impunity. But don't think that I will forget about you or your corrupt style of trolling. When ever you do reapear and start your same dishonest tactics, they will be reported and you will be held accountable. But if you go the way of your cowardly buddy daewoo and just disapear, all will be well with the world. emoticon_xgood  emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, other members also) who are so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in their arrogance and delusions, that they feels they can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false. And others are dishonest enough to not even correct him, but will actually defend and incourage his dishonesty and perversion of facts. emoticon_confused  Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.[/QUOTE]
It sounds like you have been reading your shrink's records of your own sessions. You seem to have your condition down pat.  Dishonesty - Check. Arrogance - Check. Delusions - Check. Disturbed Lunatic - Check. Lost grip on reality - Check.  And yet it is the obnoxious child who has run away like the insane coward he is, huh! If he could justify or defend his lying and dishonest position and distortions of my arguments, you can bet he would. Instead he pulls a daewoo and runs away. Keep defending a liar and you only look like a liar smiley. emoticon_xgood
Yeah, he hasn't posted in about 36 hours or so! What's the deal?!? Archie's obviously scared him away with his spamming of the SAME BLOODY PARAGRAPH 30 DAMNED TIMES!  You mean this one? It's 6 paragraphs, and one would think he would want to defend against it if he disagreed with it. You know, like I have been defending against his lies, distortions and perversions of my arguments?  emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, other members also) who are so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in their arrogance and delusions, that they feels they can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false. And others are dishonest enough to not even correct him, but will actually defend and incourage his dishonesty and perversion of facts. emoticon_confused  Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view in the course of the same debate, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere, at all despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obnoxious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
Just out of interest, has anyone seen the following 2 rules    Bye Bye Archie emoticon_cry  Don't let the door hit your arse on the way out.  I couldn't have posted it too many times for this crowd, TQ couldn't even get the number of paragraphs right. And posting it in response to your attacks on it is also valid. Not to mention the number of times you guys have quoted it. But nice try.   Oh, and one more thing. I will feel as though I have posted it enough times when I have posted it as many times as the obnoxious child has posted his distortions of my arguments. Then we will be even.  EDIT: I also posted it here, 4Forums.com Political Debates and Polls - View Profile: Archangel in my personal profile as a permanent record of what this member represents for all to see, since my profile also averages 100+ visits per week, and growing, it is sure to be seen by visitors and members on an ongoing basis regardless of the current thread it is posted on.
Yeah, he hasn't posted in about 36 hours or so! What's the deal?!? Archie's obviously scared him away with his spamming of the SAME BLOODY PARAGRAPH 30 DAMNED TIMES!  That isn't it at all TQ, he was scared away when he was warned to stop lying about what I have said in other debates. He realized that when that cowardly and dishonest style of debating is taken from him, that he has no way to debate at all. That's why he has disapeared. And he's hoping that if he dissapears for a while as he often does, we will forget and he can come back and continue on as he has in the past. But that wont work anymore because we are on to him.
The idea of you accusing anyone of dishonesty is laughable.  That this criticism is coming from you is what is laughable. Especially since you say this in defense of the obnoxious child and can't even see what that does for your credibility or sense of honesty. You oughta be ashamed, but you don't even have the character for that. emoticon_xdonno
And yet oddly enough, you've never been able to provide an example of me lying. Examples of your dishonesty, on the other hand, are so commonplace that admin told us we were to stop pointing them out, because it was getting to be too much.  Let me just hold this post up as another one of your lies. Admin told you to stop distorting and perverting my past arguments. That was his nice way of telling you to stop lying about me and my stated positions in debates. Uou're just too stupid to get that evidently.
Wait, so you're going to tell me what the private message that the admin sent me stated?   I'm telling you what it meant, since you either aren't smart enough to figure it out or i'm saying that you're a liar. Take that any way you want to. Since I could post a hundred examples of you and your cohorts misinterpreting what I have clearly stated, so why should I accept this interpretation of yours of what you claim admin said when I have brought the issue up to him personally?
While you may or may not be correct in what you are saying it's completely overshadowed by the fact that you are making a damn fool of yourself.  All I'm doing is defending myself against personal attacks by trolls like you, but speaking of damn fools, how are you doing on this fine 4th of july? emoticon_xgood
Just so we're clear here Archie:  I'm too stupid to understand, or lying about the meaning of, a private message that you have never seen, and have therefore taken it upon yourself to interpret what this private message, that you have never seen and can therefore have no idea of the contents, actually means. Does that about sum it up correctly?  Talks cheap tq, but I don't see you proving your claim with any evidence. Got any proof?
This in no way answers my question.  However, I've forwarded you the PM from admin. If you'd like, feel free to post it for everyone and explain it to us all.  Let admin PM me and take credit for writing it. Unfortunately you have no credibility with me so I don't know who actually wrote that.
Boggles the mind. The pair you must have. You should bronze those suckers.  That's ridiculous, I happen to still be very attached to them. emoticon_smile
Not to good, I just burned all my hair off playing with firecrackers and gasoline, and you?  Don't you know that children shouldn't play with those things? And I'm doing fine, thanks for asking.
Since you are repeating the same lie and refusing to accept my insistent claim that your insane distortions don't reflect my beliefs, you leave me no alternative but to repost my open letter describing either the mental illness which you suffer from, or your propensity to misrepresent/purposely lie about what I believe. You can also find this permanently posted, HERE: 4Forums.com Political Debates and Polls - View Profile: Archangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, smiley also)who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
So, lying now, huh Archie? Or did you not, in this very post quote your past statement (emphasis by me to point out the lie):   And yet here you are, not ignoring him, and attempting once again to "defend" against "his lies".  So much for credibility, Archie, you can't even keep your own word!  How consistently hypocritical of you to criticize my reposting the explanation of what this obnoxious child represents around here, rather than criticize the liar for his repeated corruption of what I have said. emoticon_xgood
I guess what gets me so flummoxed about this obnoxious child/troll is that we have here a member who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
Was it not Archangel who went on a tear assigning the female gender to Obvious Child, despite OC's insistence that he is male? (IMHO, the creepiest aspect of this was that it appeared Archangel meant it as an insult.)  It is precisely this aspect of the obnoxious childs debating style which caused me to sincerely believe he was a woman. Women never forget and tend to bring up past mistakes, errors/sins in current arguments; just like this little child does. That is why I accused him of being not only a woman but the worst example of what a woman is. Because not all women are like this, only the most insecure and controlling of them.   I've seen Archangel, repeatedly, question the religious faith of other posters, most notably Matthew, despite being told, repeatedly, that Matthew is Christian.  You see, the difference here is that I debated Matthew fairly and honestly and showed him WITH THE SCRIPTURES WE WERE DISCUSSING that he is a secular humanist who wants to be judged as a christian who knows the Lord. I showed that nothing he believes jives with the belief system of a true born again believer in Christ Jesus.   I NEVER TOOK HIS ARGUMENTS, CORRUPTED THEM AND FED THEM BACK TO HIM AS I INSISTED THAT HE SAID SOMETHING HE NEVER SAID. How would you like it if in a debate you said that born again believers are brainwashed sheeple, which you probably do believe, and I continued to post months later that Tester debated and argued that all christians are devoted hatemongers who are dedicated to killing all atheists!!!  Wouldn't you raise cain and insist that I quote you writing that? Wouldn't you report me and demand I retract such a lie and stop repeating it ad-infinitum? OF COURSE YOU WOULD. SO DON'T ACT SO SHOCKED THAT I AM INFURIATED BY THE DISHONESTY AND CHILDISH TACTICS WHICH THIS TROLLISH LIAR REPRESENTS.  Do I think OC tries to make too much of some poorly written comments by Archangel? Yes. However, I see this as OC simply trying to get Archangel's goat, so to speak, and being quite effective at it.  Getting my goat is one thing, but debating for pages on end and from debate to debate as he repeats lies and misrepresentations about things I have never ever said and have repeatedly said I neither said nor meant to say is a completely different type of psychosis. This jerk is crazy to continue to argue that I believe that anyone who relies on math must be an atheist when I have been calling that statement a lie for a year now, as just one example of his insanity. Only a lunatic would continue to tell another person what they believe after repeatedly being told that just isn't true.   And if you're right about his motives, then he does deserve to be banned for that just for being a disruptive force on this forum who is spreading lies and misrepresenting another members arguments.   On the other hand, it is Archangel that I see, habitually, ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they have said. IMHO, it is simply absurd to see him so "flummoxed" by OC.  This I challenge completely. Prove this statement if you can. But keep in mind that we are on a debate forum here. It is normal to disagree with others and respond with opposing views. But you better show it if you're going to imply that I twist, pervert and corrupt what others say and continue to repeat lies about their positions months and even years after debates are long dead. YOU NEED TO BACK THIS CLAIM UP TESTER!!!  Is OC being obnoxious? YES! (IMHO) But, from what I've seen, it is in response to Archangel being an absolute creep, in just about every post he makes.  A CREEP? Would you quote any posts of mine which would define me as a creep, please, Rather than someone sharing their valid opinions on a debate forum? If you find my opinions creepy then you find the scriptural principles I defend creepy, and that falls on you Tester, not me, because my morals, ethics, and value, system are nothing which needs to be apologized for.   I suspect OC is in his teens (pure speculation-- no offense intended if I'm way off, OC), and his behavior seems perfectly normal for his age. Archangel, on the other hand, is allegedly 56! What's his excuse?  I will hold my debating style up to his and many others who have debated here any day of the week. And the obnoxious child, Patrick, is a teenager. Either 19 or he just turned 20. And one could only wish he acted his age because he acts more like a 12 year old as he irrationally misrepresents what others, not just I say in debates. You have no idea how many people have just stopped posting here out of frustration from his lies about what they have said in debates. It's impossible to reason with a person who perverts the truth of what a person says in debate from post to post. This type of poster shouldn't be allowed to exist here at all since he is just a disruptive force rather than a contributing member who can be counted on for an honest and objective opinion.  So I am doing a public service by standing up to him and clarifying what he is for all to plainly see so everyone recognizes him and his ilk on this and other forums. So just because you don't like the content of my responses to your secular humanism Tester, that in no way makes me a creep or dishonest. Feel free to prove your accusations about what you say I represent in debates.
Was it not Archangel who went on a tear assigning the female gender to Obvious Child, despite OC's insistence that he is male? (IMHO, the creepiest aspect of this was that it appeared Archangel meant it as an insult.)  I've seen Archangel, repeatedly, question the religious faith of other posters, most notably Matthew, despite being told, repeatedly, that Matthew is Christian.  Do I think OC tries to make too much of some poorly written comments by Archangel? Yes. However, I see this as OC simply trying to get Archangel's goat, so to speak, and being quite effective at it.   On the other hand, it is Archangel that I see, habitually, ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they have said. IMHO, it is simply absurd to see him so "flummoxed" by OC.  Is OC being obnoxious? YES! (IMHO) But, from what I've seen, it is in response to Archangel being an absolute creep, in just about every post he makes.   I suspect OC is in his teens (pure speculation-- no offense intended if I'm way off, OC), and his behavior seems perfectly normal for his age. Archangel, on the other hand, is allegedly 56! What's his excuse?  It is precisely this aspect of the obnoxious childs debating style which caused me to sincerely believe he was a woman. Women never forget and tend to bring up past mistakes, errors/sins in current arguments; just like this little child does. That is why I accused him of being not only a woman but the worst example of what a woman is. Because not all women are like this, only the most insecure and controlling of them.   You see, the difference here is that I debated Matthew fairly and honestly and showed him WITH THE SCRIPTURES WE WERE DISCUSSING that he is a secular humanist who wants to be judged as a christian who knows the Lord. I showed that nothing he believes jives with the belief system of a true born again believer in Christ Jesus.   I NEVER TOOK HIS ARGUMENTS, CORRUPTED THEM AND FED THEM BACK TO HIM AS I INSISTED THAT HE SAID SOMETHING HE NEVER SAID. How would you like it if in a debate you said that born again believers are brainwashed sheeple, which you probably do believe, and I continued to post months later that Tester debated and argued that all christians are devoted hatemongers who are dedicated to killing all atheists!!!  Wouldn't you raise cain and insist that I quote you writing that? Wouldn't you report me and demand I retract such a lie and stop repeating it ad-infinitum? OF COURSE YOU WOULD. SO DON'T ACT SO SHOCKED THAT I AM INFURIATED BY THE DISHONESTY AND CHILDISH TACTICS WHICH THIS TROLLISH LIAR REPRESENTS.  Getting my goat is one thing, but debating for pages on end and from debate to debate as he repeats lies and misrepresentations about things I have never ever said and have repeatedly said I neither said nor meant to say is a completely different type of psychosis. This jerk is crazy to continue to argue that I believe that anyone who relies on math must be an atheist when I have been calling that statement a lie for a year now, as just one example of his insanity. Only a lunatic would continue to tell another person what they believe after repeatedly being told that just isn't true.   And if you're right about his motives, then he does deserve to be banned for that just for being a disruptive force on this forum who is spreading lies and misrepresenting another members arguments.  This I challenge completely. Prove this statement if you can. But keep in mind that we are on a debate forum here. It is normal to disagree with others and respond with opposing views. But you better show it if you're going to imply that I twist, pervert and corrupt what others say and continue to repeat lies about their positions months and even years after debates are long dead. YOU NEED TO BACK THIS CLAIM UP TESTER!!!  A CREEP? Would you quote any posts of mine which would define me as a creep, please, Rather than someone sharing their valid opinions on a debate forum? If you find my opinions creepy then you find the scriptural principles I defend creepy, and that falls on you Tester, not me, because my morals, ethics, and value, system are nothing which needs to be apologized for.  I will hold my debating style up to his and many others who have debated here any day of the week. And the obnoxious child, Patrick, is a teenager. Either 19 or he just turned 20. And one could only wish he acted his age because he acts more like a 12 year old as he irrationally misrepresents what others, not just I say in debates. You have no idea how many people have just stopped posting here out of frustration from his lies about what they have said in debates. It's impossible to reason with a person who perverts the truth of what a person says in debate from post to post. This type of poster shouldn't be allowed to exist here at all since he is just a disruptive force rather than a contributing member who can be counted on for an honest and objective opinion.  So I am doing a public service by standing up to him and clarifying what he is for all to plainly see so everyone recognizes him and his ilk on this and other forums. So just because you don't like the content of my responses to your secular humanism Tester, that in no way makes me a creep or dishonest. Feel free to prove your accusations about what you say I represent in debates.  I rest my case.  I rest my case? What case are you resting tester? You haven't made a case yet. All you did is make a bunch of unsubstantiated accusations against me above, which I responded to respectfully and with interest in you actually supporting your assertions against me by actually quoting posts which prove my alleged creepiness, or that I use tactics which are anything like the obnoxious childs, and you think you are in a position to rest your case? Run away because you're blowing smoke just like the child you're making excuses for is more like it. You're two peas in a pod I'd say. emoticon_rolleyes
as usual, Arch is wrong.  Arch is only wrong for continuing to respond to you and actually give you attention which you don't deserve. This will be the last time I make that mistake, but it's just too good an opportunity to once again focus attention on you.  Here's what Tester said: "On the other hand, it is Archangel that I see, habitually, ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they have said. IMHO, it is simply absurd to see him so "flummoxed" by OC."  The statement you bolded just did what Tester argued you did. You ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they said.  You mean my bolded statement? This one from the post above, don't you? I NEVER TOOK HIS ARGUMENTS, CORRUPTED THEM AND FED THEM BACK TO HIM AS I INSISTED THAT HE SAID SOMETHING HE NEVER SAID. How would you like it if in a debate you said that born again believers are brainwashed sheeple, which you probably do believe,and I continued to post months later that Tester debated and argued that all christians are devoted hatemongers who are dedicated to killing all atheists!!! Now, note the larger red bolded in that bolded question of mine to tester! Are you either so ignorant, dishonest or insane that you can't tell that when someone says "How would you like it if" IS AN EXAMPLE AND NOT REPEATING A CLAIM OF WHAT SOMEONE SAID, AT ALL? Yet, you say that in my example, I am ascribing positions to others which are contrary to what they said!!! You just can't debate without corrupting and misrepresenting what another person says can you obnoxious child! It is beyond you to rationally comprehend what someone says, then to interpret it as they intended and process it honestly before responding to it objectively. This generally normal capability of human communication just doesn't exist within you does it as you continue to claim I am wrong while being totally blind to the corruption of what I say which you represent!!! BUT HOLD ON FOLKS, THERE'S MORE BLATANT DISHONESTY AND PURPOSEFUL MISINTERPRETATION FROM THIS LYING TROLL WHICH HE USES IN AN ATTEMPT TO FALSELY DEMONIZE ME, AND ALL IN THE FOLLOWING QUOTE OF HIS!!!  But thanks again for proving that you believe that your view and only your view is what Christanity is. Any attack on you is an attack on Christanity. Insane, but expected.  AND HERE IT IS ONCE AGAIN!!! So you are holding up the "WHAT IF" example which I bolded above as a hypothetical question for tester, as an absolute statement by me which in your sick and deluded mind is making a statement of fact now, rather than asking a hypothetical question, right?!?!? Now here's a case and a place when it is absolutely appropriate to use the term, "I REST MY CASE" since you have just shown 2 ways that you can pervert and misinterpret the same question as you attempt to attribute it to me as a statement of fact. As if everyone else who read that question in my post is too stupid to see through your dishonesty.   Exposing the lies and dishonesty you represent is like shooting ducks in a pond it's so easy. emoticon_rolleyes    You called me a liar on a list of things I said you made.   http://www.4forums.com/political/360364-post255.html  Why do you refuse to address that post?  If you think I lied, why don't you say that you reject that those instances happened?   I twist what you say, but you can't prove it. Furthermore, you outright refuse to even address posts detailing what you claim are lies.  The reason I don't bother responding ONCE AGAIN to your lies is because I have answered them so many times in the past. Why be redundant in my defense just because you are redundant in your lies? For example, YOU SAID THIS: Do you reject that this happened?  Do you reject that you stated that Taz, who originally posted the joke on man's creation from dirt did not screw up the grammar, but I, who posted the joke verbatim did? Thus presenting the argument that you believe grammar is dependent upon the person, not the statement being made?   Here's another example of you attempting to claim that your lousy grammar in your thread title "which is in my siggy below" was a copy of this Taz guy from the "Evolution Forum" whom you allegedly just C&Pd it from. So your claim is that if your grammar was bad, then so was his. But you posted a link to Taz's thread on that forum and his wording wasn't the ignorant gibberish yours is. Repost his link to the title on the other forum and prove me wrong if you are telling the truth that I am judging you harshly while giving him a pass. ALSO, his thread title wasn't a JOKE TITLE as you claim it was in any way. You atheists mocked and joked about it condescendingly as you often do, but Taz wasn't joking if my recollection is clear. And I submit that you wont link to that thread on the other forum again because you know you are lying about Taz in saying that his grammar was corrupted as your is, and your claim that it was a joke thread of some sort. Once again it is impossible for you to be honest in anything you say here.  So why should I go through any more of your lies and distortions, and repeatedly defend against them when in every case that I respond it only further proves how famously dishonest you are? :xbanghead  Just for the heck of it I went back and found your quoted post and my response to it here: http://www.4forums.com/political/358596-post50.html Just by what is posted we can see that your claim that your verbiage and taz's was identical and it was me holding you to a different grammatical standard is a blatant and obvious lie. But what is interesting is that the link that previously went to Taz's thread in the EVC forum, now goes to another thread where Taz isn't even participating. Weird huh? Did you go back and change the thread links so your lie couldn't be proven? Is that why you are apparently on another trip and haven't responded to this post yet? Or will you just do us all a favor and go the way of daewoo, your mentor in lying, and disappear!?!?!?
SEE TESTER? This is where it is appropriate to say "I REST MY CASE"!!! And I do. It is useless to discuss anything with a liar who's in denial. emoticon_xgood
More lies do not a response make. http://www.4forums.com/political/360683-post265.html :xbanghead
Why haven't you actually reposted Taz's link from the EVC Forum Patrick? Rather than this other one which Taz isn't even participating in? More lies to cover up huh!!!  as usual, Arch is wrong.  Arch is only wrong for continuing to respond to a pinhead like you and actually give you attention which you don't deserve. This will be the last time I make that mistake, but it's just too good an opportunity to once again focus attention on your sick and corrupted psychosis.  Here's what Tester said: "On the other hand, it is Archangel that I see, habitually, ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they have said. IMHO, it is simply absurd to see him so "flummoxed" by OC."  The statement you bolded just did what Tester argued you did. You ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they said.  You mean my bolded statement? This one from the post above, don't you? I NEVER TOOK HIS ARGUMENTS, CORRUPTED THEM AND FED THEM BACK TO HIM AS I INSISTED THAT HE SAID SOMETHING HE NEVER SAID. How would you like it if in a debate you said that born again believers are brainwashed sheeple, which you probably do believe,and I continued to post months later that Tester debated and argued that all christians are devoted hatemongers who are dedicated to killing all atheists!!! Now, note the larger red bolded in that bolded question of mine to tester! Are you either so ignorant, dishonest or insane that you can't tell that when someone says "How would you like it if" IS AN EXAMPLE AND NOT REPEATING A CLAIM OF WHAT SOMEONE SAID, AT ALL? Yet, you say that in my example, I am ascribing positions to others which are contrary to what they said!!! You just can't debate without corrupting and misrepresenting what another person says can you obnoxious child! It is beyond you to rationally comprehend what someone says, then to interpret it as they intended and process it honestly before responding to it objectively. This generally normal capability of human communication just doesn't exist within you does it as you continue to claim I am wrong while being totally blind to the corruption of what I say which you represent!!! BUT HOLD ON FOLKS, THERE'S MORE BLATANT DISHONESTY AND PURPOSEFUL MISINTERPRETATION FROM THIS LYING TROLL WHICH HE USES IN AN ATTEMPT TO FALSELY DEMONIZE ME, AND ALL IN THE FOLLOWING QUOTE OF HIS!!!  But thanks again for proving that you believe that your view and only your view is what Christanity is. Any attack on you is an attack on Christanity. Insane, but expected.  AND HERE IT IS ONCE AGAIN!!! So you are holding up the "WHAT IF" example which I bolded above as a hypothetical question for tester, as an absolute statement by me which in your sick and deluded mind is making a statement of fact now, rather than asking a hypothetical question, right?!?!? Now here's a case and a place when it is absolutely appropriate to use the term, "I REST MY CASE" since you have just shown 2 ways that you can pervert and misinterpret the same question as you attempt to attribute it to me as a statement of fact. As if everyone else who read that question in my post is too stupid to see through your dishonesty.   Exposing the lies and dishonesty you represent is like shooting ducks in a pond it's so easy. emoticon_rolleyes    You called me a liar on a list of things I said you made.   http://www.4forums.com/political/360364-post255.html  Why do you refuse to address that post?  If you think I lied, why don't you say that you reject that those instances happened?   I twist what you say, but you can't prove it. Furthermore, you outright refuse to even address posts detailing what you claim are lies.  The reason I don't bother responding ONCE AGAIN to your lies is because I have answered them so many times in the past. Why be redundant in my defense just because you are redundant in your lies? For example, YOU SAID THIS: Do you reject that this happened?  Do you reject that you stated that Taz, who originally posted the joke on man's creation from dirt did not screw up the grammar, but I, who posted the joke verbatim did? Thus presenting the argument that you believe grammar is dependent upon the person, not the statement being made?   Here's another example of you attempting to claim that your lousy grammar in your thread title "which is in my siggy below" was a copy of this Taz guy from the "Evolution Forum" whom you allegedly just C&Pd it from. So your claim is that if your grammar was bad, then so was his. But you posted a link to Taz's thread on that forum and his wording wasn't the ignorant gibberish yours is. Repost his link to the title on the other forum and prove me wrong if you are telling the truth that I am judging you harshly while giving him a pass. ALSO, his thread title wasn't a JOKE TITLE as you claim it was in any way. You atheists mocked and joked about it condescendingly as you often do, but Taz wasn't joking if my recollection is clear. And I submit that you wont link to that thread on the other forum again because you know you are lying about Taz in saying that his grammar was corrupted as your is, and your claim that it was a joke thread of some sort. Once again it is impossible for you to be honest in anything you say here.  So why should I go through any more of your lies and distortions, and repeatedly defend against them when in every case that I respond it only further proves how famously dishonest you are? :xbanghead  Just for the heck of it I went back and found your quoted post and my response to it here: http://www.4forums.com/political/358596-post50.html Just by what is posted we can see that your claim that your verbiage and taz's was identical and it was me holding you to a different grammatical standard is a blatant and obvious lie. But what is interesting is that the link that previously went to Taz's thread in the EVC forum, now goes to another thread where Taz isn't even participating. Weird huh? Did you go back and change the thread links so your lie couldn't be proven? Is that why you are apparently on another trip and haven't responded to this post yet? Or will you just do us all a favor and go the way of daewoo, your mentor in lying, and disappear!?!?!?
Since you are repeating the same lie and refusing to accept my insistent claim that your insane distortions don't reflect my beliefs, you leave me no alternative but to repost my open letter describing either the mental illness which you suffer from, or your propensity to misrepresent/purposely lie about what I believe. You can also find this permanently posted, HERE: 4Forums.com Political Debates and Polls - View Profile: Archangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, smiley also)who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false.   Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.
Whilst OC gains no credit from his behaviour, the bitter vituperation, the contempt for the mentally ill, the self-serving justification, and the generally offensive demeanour deserving of banning is entirely centred in the author of in the above post.  How sad when someone who claims to have critical insight hates the truth so much and finds it so offensive. emoticon_confused emoticon_xdonno
emoticon_smile emoticon_xangel :) emoticon_xbye
Actually I stopped posting on good advice that I am just feeding a liar and a troll who doesn't have the brains or the conscience to be embarrassed by your performance here. So do what you do best and continue playing with yourself as my posts and the info I have posted on my profile will make a good permanent record of what you represent. emoticon_xgood
And you're pathetic too. emoticon_rolleyes http://www.4forums.com/political/360792-post276.html
 What great faith you evilutionists have in nothingness! LOL   My own personal beliefs aside, making nifty little insults that you deem as clever in your mind make you look like an XXX. Report my post if you must, but I hate it when I'm not taken seriously by an evolutionist because they think that all creationists have to toss in insults to defend themselves. Saying someone else is dumb does not prove them dumb or prove yourself intelligent. The same thing goes for good and evil.  Evolution could have been God's device for creating the world. It does not have to be "evil" or "wrong" within the Christian or Jewish belief system.  It could have taken six days. It could have taken six million years. It could have been instantly. What is time to a timeless being? Time could be described as non-existent (created as a measurement by man), relative (time depends on the objects speed versus lights speed and slows down as you go faster), or constant (time never really changes, but we are measured against the constant) depending on your point of view.  Now here's something I wonder about, and forgive me for holes in it but it is purely off-the-wall brainstorming. If you find a wormhole that takes 10 minutes to traverse 300 lightyears from earth, then you will see the earth 300 years ago from that point in space, correct? Following that thinking, if you find the origin of the universe according to The Big Bang Theory, traverse a wormhole however many lightyears you deem the universe has existed away from it (ultimately hitting the edge of the universe) and traverse to that point in space nearly instantly so that you can see nearly the beginning of the universe, would you see nothing when you look back? Could you see the universe forming when you are occupying space that has already been formed millions of years later?
The Big Bang arose from a singularity not from nothing.  Really? Prove it with absolutely undeniable evidence which cosmologists will defend as irrefutable, if you can.   Now let the excuses fly as you admit that nothing in science is absolute, that all we can do is make observations and extrapolate possible outcomes from them until new observations arise which either confirm or refute those previously accepted observations.   This is a clear sign that th reader doesn't understand cosmology or science.  What is clear is that you don't understand science or cosmology since you are sounding very absolute in your claims here when you can't get one cosmologist to speak with any certainty at all as you are doing.  Yet we are supposed to believe that a God created the universe out of nothing especially since there is no shred of evidence for a God.  Not "A" God, "THE" living God of all creation. His name is Yahweh and I would place my faith in His power to speak creation into existence in a heartbeat over your choice to place your faith in the imaginary claims of fallen man as he claims that life spontaneously and accidentally arose from non-life 4.5 billion years ago. I want to see your absolute evidence of this which has been proven under laboratory conditions with repeatable experiments which confirm the theory which says it actually occurred. Go on Egor, err, I mean oleg, show me the "science" which supports your bogus and fairy tale claims.  This topic is covered extensively in the online monthly magazine - Science and Discovery. These folks also debunk the Bible and other religious nonsence. The name of the organization which I suggest everyone look at is Science Club of Long Island.  Stop spamming us with your on line source of propaganda and just produce the evidence to support your claims if you can. And I mean absolute evidence which is irrefutable since you seem so absolutely convinced of what you say are scientific facts.
Your unenlightened state forbids it. There is nothing which will divide you from your delusion.  Hmmm, that's precisely what I was thinking about your sides position. That you place so much faith in so many disconnected and unprovable assumptions which are derived from unsupportable conclusions which have never been absolutely verified or repeated in laboratory experiments is the only absolute evidence which is available that irrefutably proves that it is you arrogant pseudo intellectuals who are delusional. emoticon_rolleyes
Your very faith demands that you reject reality. You must of necessity believe that for which there is no evidence whatever, otherwise it is not faith. From that worldview you have proved impervious to reason time and again.  I'm sure that sounds reasonable to an atheist like you penfold. But it is just more delusional drivel when all is said and done in life. My faith demands just the opposite of what you claim. It demands that I not trust any man for what I believe but that I go to a higher source for my beliefs. And by higher I mean the highest source as in God Himself who indwells me via His Holy Spirit.   You have no concept of the connection between believers and our heavenly Father via the indwelling of His Holy Spirit which dwells within us from the time we accept Him and are born again until the time we shed this flesh and go to be with Him for eternity.   I feel so sad for the rude awakening which awaits you when you cross over and realize that it was you in your shallow and hollow arrogance who was the one who's faith in MAN demanded that you reject the reality which is so clear to us. That it was you in your arrogance who scoffed at the deeper truths we share with you regarding a spiritual dimension which you are completely blind to.   How sad it is that you want to come back to me with a response of "See what I mean?" as you disregard my warning by arrogantly implying that I'm brainwashed by men rather than speaking from first hand personal experience about our heavenly father who loves you as much as He loves me, and will truly mourn your loss as you condemn yourself on that final day. So keep your sanctimonious quips coming penfold, because as surely as I'm writing this post, you will regret your spiritual blindness one day and you'll learn that the joke was on you the whole time. emoticon_xangel
Finding consensus on evolution is difficult, but I think that we can all agree that archangel is mentally ill and possibly a liar (depending on the nature of his illness)  An interesting determination, indeed, you say that I am mentally Ill because I describe a relationship with the same personal God which the bible describes, a creator God who is followed by hundreds of millions of other born again believers in this generation who insist on the same exact type of personal relationship with Him, also. So we all are mentally ill, correct? We are all victims of the same mass delusion, or are all liars, depending on the nature of our illness?   Or maybe it is you deniers of the spiritual nature of Man and that the dimension of our Trinity is real only because you are personally blind to it? How sad it is that you have no idea who or what you are. You live in the ghetto and squalor of secular humanism, clinging to the limitations of natural man as you claim a lineage from the lower animals and ignore and reject the nobility of salvation and the crown of Glory which comes with accepting your inheritance as sons and daughters of the living God who created us all in His image for fellowship.  And you are so arrogant in your ignorance that you think the mental illness and shortcomings which lead to these delusions are mine? If the consequences of your error weren't so absolute and eternal, it would be funny. But there is nothing humorous about the error of secular humanism/atheism.  And isn't it interesting that the very first sentence of your post actually admits a deeper truth about a fundamental problem with evolution. Like Global Warming which science also can't come to a consensus on, evolution is equally as great a fraud as that pseudo science which has just been outed as rigged science designed to push an agenda rather than follow the rigors and methodologies of true science and reporting on unbiased results. Only dishonest evolutionists seem blind to the inconsistencies which define this scam which is evidenced by the fact that ever since I asked for solid evidence from your propagandists, all I have gotten back from the lot of you are personal attacks, but lo and behold, none of the absolute evidence I requested from OLEG. So who again is the LIAR Promethean? emoticon_xgood
The Big Bang arose from a singularity not from nothing. This is a clear sign that th reader doesn't understand cosmology or science. Yet we are supposed to believe that a God created the universe out of nothing especially since there is no shred of evidence for a God.   There is one shred, that life exists. There is not a shred of evidence that life came into being by only natural processes.   This topic is covered extensively in the online monthly magazine - Science and Discovery. These folks also debunk the Bible and other religious nonsence. The name of the organization which I suggest everyone look at is Science Club of Long Island.  Here is the homepage of the site you suggest;  Science Club of Long Island Home Page  There are seven links called "evil Bible", highlighted in red, all going to the same place, that attempt to debunk the Bible and promote atheism - about 30 more links there. Yet the site's mission statement only describes science, nothing about religion or atheism. emoticon_confused Why the dishonesty?
So god is unnatural?  Uh, yes. He is supernatural. emoticon_idea Beyond the realm of science.
Unnatural was a better description and beyond the realm of reason is another.  What would you know about reason?
That life exists is evidence that life exists, nothing more. It is not evidence for your mythology based fantasy.  But there is no evidence that it did not come about by natural processes. And, there is, in fact, evidence of natural processes that may have resulted in life. Just because you don't understand it doesn't make it so.  Here's the problem with your chosen mythology, pandit. It lacks any semblance of common sense, and based on the bolded, even you aren't stupid enough to claim it is absolutely proven in any way, shape or form. Here's what I mean, we see before us and exist within an Earth which is a perfectly functioning and self sufficient ecosystem with an unbroken chain of symbiotic life forms which are not only interdependent to each other, but compliment each other on an environmentally balanced chemical level and food chain from the simplest single celled life forms up to the largest apex creatures in each of the species and ecosystems which inhabit this planet.   To summarize your problem as simply as possible, your pseudo science claims that life spontaneously appeared by a complete accident 4.5 billion years ago in an unknown, unprovable and unverifiable environment which is completely based on theoretical but also unprovable so called observations which aren't actually real time observations at all since the event being discussed occurred this theoretical 4.5 billion years ago.   And from this unprovable accident of mathematically impossible odds, you then claim that through a series of random mutations leading to a process coined by a term by proponents of this myth referred to as natural selection which teaches that each generation fights to survive with no concern for the other life forms which it shares space with. But you believe that from this chaotic struggle for improved life via evolution, that it is rationale that we ended up with this perfectly balanced and cooperating environment?   Pleeaasse pandion, you embarrass yourself when you claim that what you believe in by faith is more rational than what we believe in by faith. The fact is that nothing you accept can be proven absolutely either. And it all relies on massive conclusions which are based on completely unprovable assumptions.   That's great! For a lot of years we have been hearing about "creation science" and how ID creationism is science because they offer scientific evidence of the truth of a myth, and now you finally agree with what scientists have been saying all along. Your petty little god is not a subject for science because your god is not natural. Science offers natural explanations for natural events. Nice going.  My God is self evident in every atom and molecule which holds the matter and energy of this universe together. And you will find one day that just because you were blind to that FACT, your lack of insight did nothing to nullify or negate His place as the Master Creator of all that exists in time and space. And that is as sure a guarantee as the blood Jesus shed for your sins on that historic and blessed day 2000 years ago. emoticon_xgood
A picture tells a thousand words. Or a list.   Many of these animals were killed off by the biiig natural disasters (extinction event spikes, in the graph).  I never implied that extinction events haven't occurred via natural disasters and changes in environments due to weather changes and the like, iangb. What is so beautiful about the chain of life is that these gaps in the broken chain at those times were filled and symbiotic life continued on interdependently.   Several more were killed off by people, who I know Archie considers to be supernatural ('beyond' natural, at least; capable of 'unnatural' acts).  Don't try to describe my beliefs when you don't have a clue about what I believe because it just makes you look stupid. I have never said that people are supernatural beings in any way unless you consider having a spiritual dimension means we are supernatural. I don't though, so stop applying that belief to me.    But a large proportion were simply killed off by the competition. "Natural selection is a myth"... is a myth.  Natural selection is a man made myth which suggests that the most sophisticated species of evolved life form on earth, the bipedal primate was the result of the last and most recent step of evolution in the process. It defies logic and common sense that we are the most advanced life form on the planet while also being the youngest.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret: Archie lies. Archie is also incredibly stupid....(and blah, blah, blah).   <Flush<   You two squirrels should talk.  Are you the people who STILL cannot conclusively identify even one of man's direct-line ancestors, and provide the conclusive DNA evidence to back up your pick?  How's that missing link working out for you, O YE OF GREAT FAITH?
Secular humanism and spiritual awareness are opposing value systems and never the twain shall meet. I marvel at the consistent and persistent insults of stupidity and ignorance which are leveled at me in leu of actual evidence which refutes what i say, or proves your mythology in any absolute way at all. The truly shallow and uninspired rantings of you pseudo intellectuals who actually believe that the chaotic theory of evolution led to this marvelous and inspired creation we inhabit and are a reflection of proves how blind and lacking of any spiritual depth you are as human beings.  I actually mourn for you and wish I had the power to enlighten you by giving you the ability to see what so many of us do. I remember being all alone within myself and going to bed at night not knowing if God exists and feeling so empty as I yearned to know the answer to that question. My prayer was if you exist God, please reveal yourself to me and I will follow you. I had no idea that I was fulfilling the passage which says, "If you grope out into the darkness, I will find you." I just wish I could impart that desire to know the objective and unknowable truth to you who scoff, mock, insult and feel so superior in your ignorant and uninspired sanctimony. I wish I had that power, but alas, life is an individual journey and each of us is responsible to seek the truth for ourselves.  Sadly, your truth is the shallow and mythological imaginings of fallen men who have created this fraud out of whole cloth. Like the recently exposed anthropogenic global warming scam, you have fallen victim to an older but still an agenda driven fraud which is atheistic in nature and seeks to steal from God the credit, honor, respect and glory He rightfully deserves as the maker of all that is in time and space. These liars have spoken for multiple billions of years of past history and you neanderthals are so simple in your ability to reason that you buy their fairy tales when we see in real time every day that man is incapable of expelling what caused last weeks weather to occur as it did.   With that said, I send you not curses or condemnations, but blessings and a warning that you are following the creation rather than the creator and that will never work out for you in the end. So I leave you with this absolute and eternal promise. "If you seek the TRUTH, the TRUTH will set you free." emoticon_xagree
Archie, there's only so many times people can tell you how and why you're wrong before they're forced to the conclusion that you're just too damn stupid to tie your own shoelaces without assistance. Once that point is reached, explanations are a waste of time and energy, and a simple "You're just too stupid to understand", will generally suffice.   We reached that point with you quite a while back.  As I did with you regarding your very flawed and shallow worldview tq, which is why I started with this statement in my post above. Secular humanism and spiritual awareness are opposing value systems and never the twain shall meet. So you and your cohorts can insist as a matter of assumed fact that because I and hundreds of millions of born again believers, believe as we do that we must be stupid if you like, but that doesn't bother me at all since I know truths which you are too spiritually dead to see or be aware of. Which of course is why you arrogantly think we are stupid.  That is why I don't condemn you at all because you are condemning yourself. Your ilk completely ignores a complete dimension of who and what you are as children of the King. You lack all insights regarding the spiritual relationship which is an integral part of who we are as human beings. This massive handicap means that you are literally dead to that aspect of reality which again is why I mourn for you rather than feel the need to condemn you. According to every spiritual law in Gods word you are condemning yourself. And unfortunately, you will never grasp or comprehend that fact until the reality of it hits you head on the day you cross over into eternity. That's why my prayer for you tq is, may God have mercy on the spiritually dead, empty vessel which you are on that final day.
Instead of you constantly stating why I think you're stupid, why not just read what I say are the reasons I think you're stupid? It's quite plain to see that your religion ranks low on my "Reasons Archie Shouldn't be Trusted With Sharp Objects" list. You're religion is why I consider you an arrogant ignorant SOB. I think you're stupid for a plethora of entirely different reasons.  But it's not really a surprise that you're too dense to get that, is it?  Your attempt to take the moral high ground is ridiculous.  You are just as guilty of slinging insulting as anyone else here.  If you challenge a fundamentalists point of view let alone their take or belief of such this is the result you get.... It's like arguing with an alcoholic when their on the bottle in the same room screaming at you....  Attempting to reason with you empty vessels is no more productive than if I went to a cemetery and attempted to argue with the head stone of any occupant there. It is a useless waste of time and energy. I am very happy to wait until we all meet our maker on that final day to learn which of us wasted our lives in abject ignorance and willful rebellion against spiritual laws which are as concrete as the physical laws we are all subject to in this life. emoticon_xdonno I will continue to pray for you though. That you will finally see the truth which currently evades you before the day of judgement when you will be held responsible for your choices in this incarnation. Be at peace my lost friends, and may the spirit of the Lord rest upon all of you with the reading of this post so you cannot deny the reality of His presence where two or more are gathered in His name. In Jesus name I pray. emoticon_xangel
Then why in the HELL are you still here on this forum, archibald?  Don't let the door hit you on the way out.... There are other peoples of faith here just not your brand of fringe radicalism that subjects others to scorn and disrespect....  Because he loves us, right Arch?  Because if he tried his usual antics at any other site, he'd be banned so fast his head would spin.  I'm here for the same reason everyone else is. It's just that I'm dealing with people with the emotional stability of prepubescent children who have tantrums and hissy fits when I respond to your insults with irrefutable truths which you can't oppose with your irrational rants and hate based rhetoric.   I'm dealing with people here who either defended daewoo's lies about using a hand grenade as a hammer or were too wimpy to stand up and oppose his lies due to your hatred for me. You proved right there that it isn't truth you seek, but the defense of a fellow deceiver and liar. And you hate me because I have single handedly opposed each and every one of you since arriving here.   I have punched more holes in your shallow and empty world views than can be found in a window screen. Your so called theory of evolution is a sham which you can't defend with one iota of absolute scientifically tested and repeatable evidence. You rely on the so called evidence of flawed men who come to conclusions which can't be verified in any real way at all, yet they combine various so called observation, add them together and claim these prove that certain things occurred in certain orders multiple billions of years ago.  Never realizing or admitting to themselves that if even one equation is off by one decimal point the impact that has on all of the combined theories renders them useless as originally intended. And that's just one decimal point for one theory. What if multiple decimal points are off by only that much? And I'm telling you they are. This means that the calculations you have relied on are as bogus as your world view is.   But hey, I'm just a christian so what do I know, right? Well you will see one day what I knew, and you will learn that all of the people you clung to as allies lied to you and deceived you with their man made philosophies which agreed with you, while this christian whom you detest was the guy who showed you true love and respect because he dared to tell you the real truth which mattered in spite of the unending barrage of insults you spewed non stop at him. Truths which you rejected in your spiteful arrogance and will live to regret one day. Like I said earlier, I don't condemn you at all because you condemn yourself.
I'm dealing with people here who either defended daewoo's lies about using a hand grenade as a hammer or were too wimpy to stand up and oppose his lies due to your hatred for me. You proved right there that it isn't truth you seek, but the defense of a fellow deceiver and liar. And you hate me because I have single handedly opposed each and every one of you since arriving here.    Hey hey, you've got to give me a least a little credit for this one - how many were in the swarm this time.....9? That's not counting "OLEG", the three post wonder who apparently posted here only to promote an atheist web site. I asked this question in post #306, and have yet to get an answer from any of the 10; There are seven links called "evil Bible", highlighted in red, all going to the same place, that attempt to debunk the Bible and promote atheism - about 30 more links there. Yet the site's mission statement only describes science, nothing about religion or atheism. Why the dishonesty?  Their inability to answer it has caused them to vent their frustration upon you. My apologies.   It's always interesting to see the constant join/separation, join/separation, join/separation, join/separation etc etc that goes on with science and atheism, and see all the same people flip-floping as they defend it both ways, according to the argument.   I'm still intrigued as to how the existence of life is evidence that there is a god.   It's not really evidence, it's more of an indicator. Many, probably most people (especially young people) aren't like you or me - they don't have a firm, unchangeable worldview. They're still forming their worldview, or in the case of younger children, aren't even thinking much about it yet. To them, science's increasing inability to address ORIGINS of life could be a big problem for the naturalist/atheist worldview. To them, that would be an increasing indicator that there is a God.   That's the problem. We're back to the,"I don't know so god must have done it", argument. Which brings me back to the, "The more we understand, the less god has to do, so he must be getting really bored", statement.   It's no different than the atheist claim "There can't be a God, so nature must have done it" in spite of the increasing evidence that nature didn't do it.   Incidentally, I have no problem with you believeing in god (it's rubbish, but it's your choice), so long as you don't rant and rave about how someone is doing wrong because your god, for which you have no real evidence, says so. And then insult me because I happen to have noticed that you have no evidence. But then, jazy, you're not the one (or more) who is guilty of that round here.   As I have no problem with your being an atheist, so long as you don't rant and rave about how someone is doing wrong because what you believe to be the highest form of intellect (the scientific community) says so. And then insult me because I know that science is not the only source of knowledge.   That life exists is evidence that life exists, nothing more.   Sorry, but there really is something more. It's evidence that it had to have originated in some way.   It is not evidence for your mythology based fantasy.   Again, It's not evidence for my belief in the supernatural, a better word would be "indication". Atheists believe that they have an indication in abiogenesis. Their indication has no more scientific evidence than does my indication. And their indication has been losing scientific ground, as the simplest forms of life have been only recently found to be quite complex - as assumptions for conditions of the early earth to be favorable to naturalistic origins are not scientific.   But there is no evidence that it did not come about by natural processes.   Yes there is - its mathematical chances of happening have been going down with recent scientific discoveries. Just because atheists dislike the subject of mathematical improbabiltiy, doesn't mean it's not reality.   And, there is, in fact, evidence of natural processes that may have resulted in life.   "May have" only in the dreams of atheists. Testable, repeatable, observable evidence remains at zero.   Just because you don't understand it doesn't make it so.   I understand it enough to know that it's not testable, repeatable, or observable. Just because atheists control science doesn't make atheism so.    Quote: Originally Posted by marc9000  Uh, yes. He is supernatural. Beyond the realm of science.   That's great! For a lot of years we have been hearing about "creation science" and how ID creationism is science because they offer scientific evidence of the truth of a myth, and now you finally agree with what scientists have been saying all along.   You claim to be educated, but you're not showing sixth grade reading skills. Scientific creationism and ID do not study the existence, or origin of God, they study the results of his work in nature. But you already knew that, really. You put forward what the scientific community constantly puts forward, to try to quickly and emotionally indoctrinate/brainwash students and the public, and end the discussion.   Your petty little god is not a subject for science because your god is not natural. Science offers natural explanations for natural events. Nice going.  And if it can't find a natural explanation, it leaves it blank, and yet declares that nature had to have done it some way.   Perhaps if you made an effort to learn what science is and how it works you wouldn't make yourself look like such a fool by demanding "proof." Science doesn't offer proof.   Then why does the scientific community constantly demand "proof" from religion, or the study of ID?   It offers natural explanations of observations of natural phenomena.   As religion offers explanations of observations of history and behavior of man. There is more to reality than science. ID offers explanations of observations of design characteristics in nature. Is there a scientific explanation why these two things cause some atheists to go completely ballistic?   The religious claptrap of the chain of being from primitive to advanced was rejected hundreds of years ago, with the development of real, empirical science.   So science is atheistic..... today? Tomorrow, science and atheism won't know A THING about each other's existence?   However, there is fossil evidence that life had arisen by about 3.8 billion years ago. I don't personally make any claims about how that happened. I don't know.   Because you don't have any evidence? Was there evidence "hundreds of years ago", when dirty hay generated mice, or rotting meat generated maggots?   after the fact calculations of probabilities are meaningless.   LETS HEAR IT FROM THE OTHER NINE! I want to explore just how dismissive the atheist mind really is concerning realities other than "science".
Very well done! Seven more to go - that's what I love about the "well educated". :p
Very well done! Seven more to go - that's what I love about the "well educated". :p  These mooks are legends in their own minds marc. Yet in spite of their sanctimonious arrogance I actually feel sorry for them because of the massive fall which awaits them when the reality of their spiritual condition hits home on that final day. emoticon_cry emoticon_xdonno
Typical XXXXX fundie response. These fundies are so emotionally and intellectually stunted by religion that they can't even see the irony of their statements. Your so called truths are nothing more that the collected stories from a multitude of authors and tribal legends.  It take a specially deficient mind to think that the religious rhetoric has any effect on the science that continuously supports evolutionary and bb theory.  If these XXXXX creationist had the courage of their conviction they would abandon nearly all aspects of modern life that has been brought to the by the "flawed, atheist science they claim to despise.  However, they are cowards and will continue to benefit from the science we provide while at the same time making false claims about it.  Hmm, you sound remarkably like another very obvious child who lurks around here hiding behind various personas. He even fallaciously argues that we should abandon the benefits of modern science since we both recognize and reject this false science of evolution. People like you erroneously like to imply that because we reject the lie and fraud which evolution represents that we are anti-science. This is because you are extremists with no balanced insights at all. Here's my COMPLETE post which you quoted just part of, once again for clarification, just to show the objective observer how irrational your criticisms are as you bluster while making no correct or well thought out point at all. [Archangel] I'm here for the same reason everyone else is. It's just that I'm dealing with people with the emotional stability of prepubescent children who have tantrums and hissy fits when I respond to your insults with irrefutable truths which you can't oppose with your irrational rants and hate based rhetoric.   I'm dealing with people here who either defended daewoo's lies about using a hand grenade as a hammer or were too wimpy to stand up and oppose his lies due to your hatred for me. You proved right there that it isn't truth you seek, but the defense of a fellow deceiver and liar. And you hate me because I have single handedly opposed each and every one of you since arriving here.   I have punched more holes in your shallow and empty world views than can be found in a window screen. Your so called theory of evolution is a sham which you can't defend with one iota of absolute scientifically tested and repeatable evidence. You rely on the so called evidence of flawed men who come to conclusions which can't be verified in any real way at all, yet they combine various so called observation, add them together and claim these prove that certain things occurred in certain orders multiple billions of years ago.  Never realizing or admitting to themselves that if even one equation is off by one decimal point the impact that has on all of the combined theories renders them useless as originally intended. And that's just one decimal point for one theory. What if multiple decimal points are off by only that much? And I'm telling you they are. This means that the calculations you have relied on are as bogus as your world view is.   But hey, I'm just a christian so what do I know, right? Well you will see one day what I knew, and you will learn that all of the people you clung to as allies lied to you and deceived you with their man made philosophies which agreed with you, while this christian whom you detest was the guy who showed you true love and respect because he dared to tell you the real truth which mattered in spite of the unending barrage of insults you spewed non stop at him. Truths which you rejected in your spiteful arrogance and will live to regret one day. Like I said earlier, I don't condemn you at all because you condemn yourself.
Archi, not only have you proven yourself to be ignorant of all sciences, you are an emotinoally stunted liar who has difficulty putting one coherent argument against evolution.  Really? Quote me producing that evidence cuz I don't see it. You see evo-XXXXX, just because you reject my perspective on the value and legitimacy of evolutionary science, and since you aren't the arbiter of any truth at all here or anywhere else in this world, then you don't have the right or authority to just label me as you see fit. Beside, I haven't lied about anything and have framed my arguments against evolution so coherently that I have reduced you apologists to this irrational, raving and specious response which this diatribe of a post is.   BTW crediot, you don't just oppose evolution, to do so you must reject all the sciences that support it, and by necessity all the ancillary disciplines based on those. That means if you had any balls, which we know you don't, you'd reject all aspect of modern life.  The preposterous and therefore mindless ramblings you subject us to are in and of themselves an affront to common sense and rational discourse. Yet you spout these inane criticisms so easily, one would think you actually believe your massively ignorant assumptions regarding my beliefs about science in general. But if it floats your boat, you can think anything you like about me because it has no impact on my reality at all.   When dealing with XXXXX creationists (redundant I know) there is little to do but insult them and point out their lack of critical thinkings skills. We already know they reject all knowledge. Since they crediots don't come to their position by teh use of facts and reason, we cannot use them to dissuade them. Crediots believe in magic and explain anyting they donw' like like the magic men they worship. With a little hand-wave you XXXXXX think you can do away with the facts.  Nice rant, too bad its just that and nothing more. emoticon_cool Oh, and by the way my looney and irrational simpleton, I don't believe in magic in spite of what you and other deranged crazies say. It is actually outlawed and condemned in the bible. Here's what I mean for your edification, although I'm sure it's a waste of bandwidth.  Those who follow the path of the magic arts are on the wrong path - a road that leads away from God, not toward Him. In one way or another, the end will be disaster. The evil Queen Jezebel practiced witchcraft (2 Kings 9:22) bringing catastrophe on herself and all Israel. Over and over, God denounces those who "conjure spells" (NKJV) and those who practice witchcraft and sorcery. The Bible says that anyone who does these things is detestable to the Lord (Deuteronomy 18:10-12; 2 Kings 21:6; Micah 5:12; Isaiah 47:12; Ezekiel 13:18, 20; Acts 8:11-24; Leviticus 20:27; Exodus 7:11; Revelation 9:21; 22:15).  God warns of the ultimate punishment. Revelation 21:8 says of "...those who practice magic arts ...their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur... the second death" (NIV). Those who practice witchcraft (sorcery) will not inherit the kingdom of God (Galatians 5:20-21).   So like pandion and others around here, you throw labels around based on a complete ignorance of what I and other believers in Messiah actually believe in.   Get a life loser, you have done nothing that brings evolution into question. The simplistic by the numbers rhetoric you spout has no effect on scientific progress and you will continue to benefit from the work science provides you despite your derision of it - like I said you are a coward and a hypocrite.  Yet none of you have posted absolutely any evidence at all refuting my arguments. If I am so ignorant then why is it that all you guys have are these insulting rants against me while producing none of that scientific evidence you claim is so overwhelming. So nice demonstration of arrogance and sanctimony, but you have accomplished nothing more.
Archie-"If I'm so stupid, how come you guys keep telling me I'm stupid? Huh!? Huh?!"  T.Q-"Uh, because you're stupid"  Really Archie, you asking us why, if you're so wrong, all we can do is tell you that you're incredibly wrong just adds new depths to your stupidity.  The question is, why are you too stupid to actually prove my ignorance with solid evidence which proves my arguments wrong rather than just freaking out like a bunch of neanderthals as you spew invective which have no real impact on any factual level at all.   I marvel that this allegedly stupid christian succeeds so easily in driving you arrogant schlemiels over the edge with your rage against me rather than just calmly applying your superior intellect and simply pummeling me with these obvious and succinctly proven scientific facts which refute my arguments so clearly and simply.   My mentally regressed creo, whether you label it god, juju or woo, in the end it's magic. Intellectually there is no difference between your beliefs and those of scientologists, astrologers, and various other losers who reject reason and science.  Ahh, the declaration of the arrogant, haughty, conceited, self-important, egotist who's full of oneself and the superior atheist who believes that any faith in the ONE true Creator God of this world is magic and intellectual ghetto thinking. How unique of you. Oh wait, it isn't unique at all but is the SOP of atheists everywhere to make these presumptuous assertions while proving none of them, once again.   And here's the evidence of precisely what I said about your godless religion of evolution above in this thread when I demand evidence that my God doesn't exist from the atheists perspective, you will undoubtedly come back with your evidence of the big bang and evolution which belief systems I have already argued exist for the sole purpose of erasing God from the equation for how life came to be in our Universe.   This is why all I have received from your side are personal attacks rather than evidentiary arguments against the existence of God, or for evolution or the big bang, because you don't want to get caught proving my point for me that your preferred religion is founded in nihilism. I mean, if you guys were such impressive intellectuals it would be easy to pummel me with facts that evolution is valid and God is not, rather than insults from a position of hubris and arrogance which characteristics you have provided ample evidence of based on your rants above. emoticon_cool   My question for you sanctimonious deniers of reality is this; how can you not realize that you place as much FAITH in MEN to believe as you do as I place in my GOD to believe as I do? And since neither of us can absolutely prove our belief systems to a scientific certainty, how ignorant are you to just dismiss my beliefs when at least my source claims to be, and is believed to be all seeing and an eternally existing being who created all that is in time and space? You trust the creature over the creator and call me stupid? emoticon_frazzled   Let's face it my lost and spiritually dead children, humanities science can't even predict next weeks weather with 100% certainty even though we have placed Doppler satellites in geosynchronous orbit to feed us moment by moment intel in real time. Nor can we look back at last weeks weather and explain why it occurred as it did given that same detailed intel, and the 20/20 hindsight which goes along with interpreting it. Yet you want me to believe that your so called evolutionary sciences imaginings regarding the mythical goings on what took place some theoretical 14.5 billion years ago regarding the big bang is founded in actual supportable scientific fact? And you are calling me stupid? emoticon_emb in case you can't interpret the emoticon, it is saying I'm embarrassed for you.   Now be sure to ignore all that I have said here which are valid and simple arguments which question your flawed and self deceptive world view, and just post another ignorant diatribe of invective and insults toward someone you don't know in the most basic way, yet you excoriate me, as if you do. emoticon_xgood After all, the objective observers will see very clearly which of us is coming from a rational and real world perspective in a common sense approach to the unanswerable questions which every human being must contend with in his or her journey through life. Me, with my arguments as posted above, and you, with your irrational and hate filled insults which contribute absolutely nothing to the debate about the big bang or evolution. emoticon_xdonno
You churn out page after page of boring poop as a result of those who challenge you, I would call that an impact on your reality.  Actually it makes an impact on the reality of those who attempt to challenge me since I get no actual challenges at all, but just personal attacks on my intelligence. No evidence of my ignorance, mind you. But simply accusations via rants and diatribes which are founded in the abject hatred for anything good and righteous since I (we) recognize and acknowledge the living Creator God who called all that is in time and space into being.   I cannot be any more clear in defining what I believe for you mooks, yet all I will get in response are personal attacks which contribute nothing at all to proving your world view is anything more than the ignorant imaginings of sheeple who are encouraged with compliments of intellectual insight into following man made lies which lead you down a completely bogus and unprovable and assumed 14.5 BILLION year old man made fairy tale. Yet I must be subjected to the irrational label that I am the stupid one? The arrogance your side presents is mind numbing.   At least this is a somewhat fair fight though since I alone in most cases take on your side without any assistance at all. I love it when marc, Easyrider and a couple of other friends pipe in to contribute opinions in debates like this, but they realize very well that I don't need any actual assistance in handling a combination of any 10 of you at one time. Which is usually what I'm up against. It's when I get multiple posts which only attack my intelligence, but offer no substantial arguments at all that lets me and all observers know that I am pummeling you schmucks. Especially since I get PM after PM encouraging me from people who refer to these threads but never actually post on them.  There's a reason why my profile http://www.4forums.com/political/members/archangel.html has so many views accipiter, it's because people care about my opinions and consider me a consistent and thoughtful defender of traditional and conservative values, not to mention rational science in opposition to the man made philosophies with a specific agenda such as Evolution and Anthropogenic Global Warming which you sheeple support, promote and defend. emoticon_xgood
Ahh, the declaration of the arrogant, haughty, conceited, self-important, egotist, who's full of herself and unfounded superior christianist poppycock.  And the juvenile parrot strikes once again, proving he doesn't have an original thought of his own, as usual, but can only repeat me. And after years on the forum still fails to get my gender right. emoticon_rolleyes Not that I'm insulted by the error mind you, I'm feeling rather beautiful at the moment as I imagine a female version of myself. emoticon_xlove At least you're consistent in your style and tactics, pinhead, err I mean penfold. emoticon_xbye
If you don't like being treated that way then don't treat others that way.  This is an unmitigated perversion of the reality I am faced with in dealing with your ilk. I can stay on topic as I do and focus only on the arguments I am presenting as I do, and the only responses I get are similar to this one from you which doesn't even quote or concentrate on the content of my arguments but focusses on making ignorant and senseless quips like this one.   Beside that, you completely miss the point of my post. I wasn't complaining about the way I am treated you your side, I was simply exposing it in clear and undeniable terms. And of course, you prove my point for me by responding with this inane post which verifies my opinion.  You might also try cutting out of the non-applicable stuff that makes up 50% of all your posts.  Really? What is extraneous info from my post? I have learned from past experience that your ilk is as slippery as eels so if I'm not painfully clear in my expository, you know, very descriptive? That you will weasel out by misinterpreting the point I'm actually making or ignore it all together, precisely as you have done here. I know I have been painfully clear when I get responses like this one which just snipe while not daring to quote even one line from my post and responding to it with that actual evidence of the big bang you keep implying I'm too stupid to comprehend.   And has anyone noticed that there is still no evidence of anything these self important pseudo intellectuals believe to be true, but just more focussing on me? It's very telling isn't it!!! emoticon_rolleyes
*raises hand*  Actually... you've simply ignored mine. Care to look at it?  Sure, as soon as you post undeniable evidence that your posted beliefs are factually irrefutable evidence of events which occurred between 4.5 BILLION and 14.5 BILLION years ago regarding the claimed formation of our Universe and our Earth. Show the repeatable experiments which have proven these events to have definitely occurred when, and as your pseudo science claims they did with consistent parallel supporting science. Then and only then will we have something real and substantial to discuss. Meanwhile we're going shopping so you'll have time to post your fiction. emoticon_xbye
These mooks are legends in their own minds marc. Yet in spite of their sanctimonious arrogance I actually feel sorry for them because of the massive fall which awaits them when the reality of their spiritual condition hits home on that final day.   I agree of course, but there's hope for them, the confidence is at least partially a façade, posts like 345/347 are clear indicators of that. Most of them are obviously very young - they have plenty of time to live in the real world and see how much more there is to it than just their recent science class indoctrination.    [to promethean] Hmm, you sound remarkably like another very obvious child who lurks around here hiding behind various personas   No question that's who it is, multiple user names is another obvious indication of a lack of confidence.    Not sure if I count as one of 'the other nine'*, but here goes nothing...  Take a fair coin. Toss it 10 times. The probability that you will get that precise pattern of heads and tails is 1 in 2^10, or just under a 0.1% chance. However, that doesn't mean that the fact you got that incredibly unlikely pattern in a single set of tosses is not an 'indication that God exists'.  Another example, and one that demonstrates one of the most common misunderstandings about 'unlikely events': Get 23 people in a room together. There is a greater than 50% chance that two of those people will share the same birthday, despite the fact that there are many more days in a year than people in the room. Increase that number up to 57 people - less than a sixth of the number of days in a year! - and the probability shoots up to over 99%. Again, the fact that two of them share a birthday would not indicate divine providence.  There are a great many such examples I could have used, from the fact that someone wins the UK lottery most weeks (at odds of 14 million to one) to the fact that you exist, with your precise genetic code (at incalculable but astronomic odds, given the mixing of your parents DNA, all the factors that led your parents to meet each other etc, plus their parents and their parents and so on). The facts remain - firstly, 'statistically impossible' events happen all the time, because if they hadn't happened that particular way, they would have happened a slightly different way instead, as per the coin toss/your genes example. See my Pratchett quote, below.  Secondly, lots of trials make even vanishing possibilities of a single event much, much more likely, as per the lottery/birthday problem example  One final example of probability abuse would be refuted by snowflakes. Snowflakes are created by water molecules locking in place as the water transits from liquid to solid, as I'm sure you know (with a few extra complications). If you approach snowflake formation in the same manner that I have seen most ID arguments approach probability (for example, that of amino acids forming) then you would assume that molecules can form at any angle to each other and in any pattern, calculate the probability that all the water in a snowflake had frozen in that precise geometric pattern and conclude that all snowflakes must be Intelligently Designed. However, this simply isn't the case - not only are there lots of snowflakes, but the laws governing crystalline water result in beauty. That's not God - it's described by physics, not theology.   Yet not all physicists are convinced. To dismiss something, you would need uncontroversial evidence that everyone would agree on. Comparing the complexities of biology and all its associated orderly, fragile systems with things like coin tosses and daily probablilties of 365 day years is not convincing to many people, it's not really even logical. As the final paragraph of the final review of Lee Spetner's book remarks;  Diehard evolutionists usually react to serious challenges to their cherished theory in two ways: ad hominem attacks on the challenger, and the hand-waving technique. However, intellectual integrity requires them to provide a detailed and rigorous scientific response to those challenges.   Ad hominem - hand waving? We sure see plenty of both in this thread, don't we? The hand-waving of the calculations of probabilities, (as Pandion did that you're defending) no matter what new advances in biology have been made since Darwin, is not the open inquiry that science should be.   I'll leave you with the words of Terry Pratchett, discussing the natural state of intelligent life.    Originally Posted by Terry Pratchett, Science of Discworld [A viewer from another world looks down at prehistoric Earth] The ice age was clearing up. He wondered what was happening down there, what gastropod or mammal or lizard was even now winding up it's elastic ready to propel itself towards the crown of the world. Soon, without a doubt, some creature would develop an unnecessarily large brain and be forced to do things with it. And it'd look around and probably declare how marvellous it was that the universe had been built to bring forward the inevitable development of creature-kind. Boy, was it in for a shock...  Is this how far 'science' has deteriorated? Is this taught to students in science classes?     which, incidentally, you are getting close to by making blanket statements about 'the atheist mind'.    Blanket statements fit the behavior of most atheist minds here - this thread shows it very well.   Oh, and ignoring the fact that Archie has ignore the only actual refutation to his arguments (mine, post #323 and #325), instead focusing only on the flak.   So it's HIS fault, and not those who have been pouring on the flak? Do you think there's a chance that they have been pouring on the flak for that very reason? Why don't you tell them to shut up so he can focus on what you said? Do you enjoy their flak? What do you think its purpose is? To shout down, or promote open inquiry?     And claiming that you asking a newbie why he's spamming an anti-christian website is something that everyone who disagrees with you should be concerned with.[/size]  Since I've constantly seen the claim by most in this thread/these forums that evolution/science is not atheistic, logic says they should be concerned with it! emoticon_idea
COBE and WMAP for two.  Really? This is absolute evidence which can only be interpreted one way? by that I mean the way it has been interpreted? Because the interpreters of this evidence don't make such an absolute claim, although they do show excitement in the possibilities that it pegs the age of the universe @ 13.7 billion years with only a 1% margin of error. Here is what the Nasa Link says: The WMAP team found that the Big Bang and Inflation theories continue to ring true. The contents of the Universe include 4% atoms (ordinary matter), 23% of an unknown type of dark matter, and 73% of a mysterious dark energy. The new measurements even shed light on the nature of the dark energy, which acts as a sort of an anti-gravity.NASA - Top Story - NEW IMAGE OF INFANT UNIVERSE REVEALS ERA OF FIRST STARS, AGE OF COSMOS, AND MORE - Feb. 11, 2003  So, what do we actually have here? Although they speak in very confident tones, we see here in the bolded that the prior theories of the Big Bang and Inflation continue to ring true, but even Nasa doesn't speak in absolute terms at all. Ringing true is in no way an absolute statement of undeniable fact, especially since fully 96% of the energy in the Universe is an unknown type of dark matter, or a mysterious dark energy. Also, they observe that the new measurements even shed light on the nature of the dark energy, which acts as a sort of an anti-gravity, is it realistic to make interpretations and conclusions based on such preliminary observations which haven't even been confirmed absolutely yet? So the question must be asked, is it impossible to answer affirmatively in absolute terms how reliable these interpretations are regarding the age of the universe or the Big Bang event itself.   They openly admit that these conclusions are based on predictions other unnamed cosmic theories make, so there is absolutely nothing absolute about this evidence at all. It is all based on interpretation which I maintain is impossible to do without all of the information which is impossible to gather because we don't really know what questions to ask at this point from our distant perspective in both time and space from the actual event. Science is grasping at straws so to speak, which I respect and encourage. I respect the work cosmology is doing as a legitimate science, my only problem is the hubris involved in making assumptions that we are anywhere close to understanding the full picture required to fully and accurately assess first how the universe came into being and then, the age of it.   As I have said before to the consternation of the humanist opposition and in fulfillment of TQs prediction, ;) a misreading of this evidence and sciences preconceived belief in a universe that is billions of years old could mean that our universe is not billions of years old at all, but could be only thousands of years old. And I'm making no absolute statement of fact in that regard either, all I'm saying is that the possibility exists and nothing science has come up with is absolute evidence of anything concrete which you are placing an equal amount of faith in. Evolution and the science surrounding it is as much a religion to you as my belief and faith in my God is to me.   After all, the article goes on to say this: Theories about the evolution of the Universe make specific predictions about the extent of these temperature patterns. Like a detective, the WMAP team compared the unique "fingerprint" of patterns imprinted on this ancient light with fingerprints predicted by various cosmic theories and found a match. I must ask another question here, what if the so called ancient light is not really so ancient? What if they never assumed the light to be ancient? How then would the predicted fingerprint match by these various cosmic theories then be interpreted? And what would that conclusion be?   So let me be clear, to steal a cliche from our president, :) I don't question the observations we are making via the technological discoveries we are learning from, but I understand very well that interpretation is everything and even the scientists involved in these discoveries don't speak in nearly the absolute terms that you layman defenders of these observations do. So nice try, but this evidence doesn't meet the standards which I requested from iangb by any measure of an absolute result.   Now it's your turn to post undeniable evidence that the events in the Bible happened as the Bible (and you) claim they did. So far, all you have given us is your superstitious belief in mythology.  When did I claim that I have undeniable scientific evidence that the Genesis account is provable pandion? Haven't I said here and elsewhere in debate that we both rely on faith in believing our preferred world views? It's just that my faith is in an eternal, all knowing Creator God who claims to have personally spoken this world into creation along with humanity whom He created in His image. And all of the proceeding reality such as Mans dominion over all life on earth and our superiority over that life remains true to this day.   You secular humanists on the other hand rely on the very flawed observations of fallen men and their interpretations of cosmic events which we are in no position to discern since admittedly 96% of the content of the universe is made up of undefinable and as of yet indiscernible Dark Matter or Dark Energy. So what incredible hubris is required to place your faith in such unknowable conclusions which are based in such unprovable assumptions?  PS, my automatic spell checker automatically corrects your name pandion to pandit every time I write it out. So I didn't misspell your name on purpose, I failed to catch its change by the computer and correct it. Just so you know. emoticon_xgood
What a XXXXX you must be to belief that evolution is Godless. That's the certainty that con only come from absolute fund!e ignorance. The FACT is that the largest Christian denomination accepts evolution as a fact and do most moderate Christian sects, so do the Jews that gave rise to Christianity and all but your equally fundamentalist Muslims.   But that's the usual level of stupid arguments we get from you retards, complaining about "atheists" science while at the same time enjoying all the benefits that it provides you.  Again it makes you a coward and hypocrite.  Let's face it, you deluded and ignorant troll, attempting to reason with you is more than a waste of time, it's a wasted effort. Now let me explain why your reasoning is as inane as your world view. Just because Roman Catholicism is so luke warm and secularized that it accepts a version of evolution which claims that it is a tool of God, that in no way speaks to the hidden agenda which the proponents of classical evolution promote which is a far cry from the pseudo religious version which catholicism and luke warm sects of christianity accept as valid.  So nice try linking the error of flawed religious thinkers to the motives and agenda of the perpetrators of this massive fraud, but it neither passes the smell test nor the reason of rational discourse. emoticon_xdonno
Your assertion that science is faith is flawed. Your faith blinds you to acceptance of the evidence, keeping you wrapped in your magical comfort blanket.  Your assertion that I said that science is faith is what is flawed, as usual. I said that your reliance on the currently available observations requires a tremendous amount of faith, especially since the source for these conclusions is fallen man which possesses a perspective of time and space which is equal to that of A GNATS lifespan compared to the age of this world. That you're incapable of seeing the faith required to accept these evolutionist propositions says more about you than my faith in the reliability of the Living God and Creator of all that is to have accomplished what His word promises. emoticon_xdonno
Archie, let's get one thing straight:  You have never won a debate. Never. You have never even demonstrated the ability to even comprehend the subject matter. You never "defeated" those who debated you - they just gave up talking to you since you can't be brought to actually debate the topic, with rational arguments.  (OK, I can't prove never, but of all the posts you made that I've seen and can remember at a moment's notice, you haven't)  Thanks for posting your opinion Iuris, and of course that's all you have to offer regarding this posted assertion you make. The FACT is that none of you can actually support that any of the so called evidence you forward regarding your pseudo religion of evolution can be absolutely proven in any way. And by that I mean that the theories which predict the observations made which lead to the conclusions you assume to be true can't even be verified to having been interpreted properly by the proponents of those theories.  Thus, my argument that your beliefs in evolution are founded in faith, as misdirected as it is, is absolutely irrefutable. This explains why once again, you completely ignore responding to my arguments which respond to pandions evidence and like every other troll, just focusses your criticisms on me personally. I mean, of course your side would say I have never won a debate, but those on my side would say I have won most of them. So the keeping score is a subjective opinion at best which is why I didn't claim victory in debates, only that I have offered reasoned arguments which prove that none of your absolute statements regarding the correctness or accuracy of evolutionary claims are accurate or correct as presented. You guys speak in absolutes when none of the evidence you can post does that at all.   But thanks for sharing. As followers of the religion of evolution go, you are a true believer and a man of great faith. emoticon_xgood
Light from distant stars is not an assumption, it is evidentially supported. The speed of light has been directly measured both in the laboratory, from the moon, from the other side of the sun, from the fringes of the heliosphere. Not only that, the mathematical theory behind basic physics rules out light traveling significantly faster than has been measured, and it certainly rules out light being faster in the past by a factor of a million, which is necessary for a thousands year old universe. That is a far cry from "assumption".   If the light from distant stars is not ancient (i.e., traveling at the speed of light), then obviously either all of physics and chemistry is wrong, or the light was created on its way to earth 6,000 years ago. The problem is that this light contains a history of events in it, and consequently light created en route contains a history of events that never happened.   The same is true for the earth's geology. It is not a question of a 6,000 year old earth created to "look mature". Rather, the earth's geology contains a history of events (meteor impacts, volcanoes, tectonic movement, sedimentary rock formation, etc.). Basic 19th century physics shows that if all these events happened in the past several thousand years, our current earth would be a molten ball because of all the heat produced by these events. Once again, either all of physics and chemistry is wrong, or the history of events in the earth's geology never happened.  If the creator of this 'light en route to earth' and earth's geology could place fictitious events in the light and in the earth's rocks, then it would seem this same creator could create a holy book full of fictitious events.  If you don't subscribe to the idea of a deceptive creator, then you are saying that all of physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy, cosmology, geology, paleontology, genetics, etc. are wrong. In effect, you are indeed rejecting all the physical sciences.  An excellant post in describing what appears to be the observable facts regarding measuring the distance that light has traveled through time. And I totally agree with you that from our perspective what you say appears to be true and even reasonable. The problem here is that our perspective is that of an ant with its miniscule life span attempting to discern eternity. It simply can't be done. Not that the attempt is wrong, it's just that we don't have the tools to verify that our interpretations of the available observations are the correct ones. Here's an example of what I mean. Gen 1:1 In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. When was the beginning? Gen 1:2 The earth was formless and void, and darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was moving over the surface of the waters. Gen 1:3 Then God said, "Let there be light"; and there was light. If God placed all of the stars in space at the same time, wouldn't that give a deceptive appearance to the age of the stars and the universe based on our assumption that measuring the alleged time it took for the light to travel here was necessary at all? Again, it's our perspective based on assumptions that the universe must be old which is questionable, if not faulty.   According to verse 1, if the beginning was mere thousands of years ago, and God called light into being as verse 3 says, and the stars are the source of all light throughout time and space, then what appears to have taken billions of years to occur to us, actually took place instantaneously. This exchange is an excellent example of why we will never agree on the observations of science though, you are willing to accept any outcome which agrees with your preconceived notions, where as I require absolute and undeniable evidence for any claims which contradict or oppose the word of God which I consider preeminent according to my world view.
It does not appear to be observed, it is observed. Goddidn'tdoit. (as described in your book of lies.)  Believe what you will penfold, and carry those beliefs with you throughout eternity to your own regret.  http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2009/9/18/1253287439918/Emoticon-001.jpg
Point 1. Spetner is not against evolution in general, just 'neo-darwinism'. Second of all, he had to get a religious press (judicia press).   Of course he had to get a relgious press - any challange of 'neo-darwinism' in any way isn't going to get press in the scientific community, it will be "expelled" from it. We've all had that explained to us in the form of a movie.   As for his book, here is a review of it that shows his book is rather flawed.  Not By Chance! Shattering The Modern Theory of Evolution. (Lee Spetner).  Someone from the scientific community claims his book is flawed? What a surprise. emoticon_rolleyes
Nope. There are always examples of people irrationally dismissing a preponderance of evidence, so having "everyone" agreeing is not a good benchmark. There is a statistically significant portion (about 5% iirc) of the American populace that thinks the Apollo moon landings were a hoax. Given the preponderance of evidence against this position, I can dismiss their views, especially since their position seems to be based on ignorance to the existence of the mountain of evidence.  You are making the implicit assumption that "everyone" is well informed on all topics and has weighed all the evidence and made an informed decision. Obviously that is not the case, so your criteria is flawed. Significant percentages of people will believe in something with no actual knowledge of the evidence, pro or con.  I was only referring to dismissal in the SCIENTIFIC realm, not personal opinions about historical events or worldviews. You know, open inquiry, the desire for new knowledge and the constant weighing of opposing theories against each other. There are far too many gaps in a complete, godless package of evolution for anyone to honestly claim that a concern with/debate about mathematical improbability can be disregarded.
It's not a question of an "apparent age" of the universe and the earth, it is the embedded history of events contained in that age. That part of my post was the salient point, and not addressed in your reply. Here it is again:   If the light from distant stars is not ancient (i.e., traveling at the speed of light), then obviously either all of physics and chemistry is wrong, or the light was created on its way to earth 6,000 years ago. The problem is that this light contains a history of events in it, and consequently light created en route contains a history of events that never happened.  The same is true for the earth's geology. It is not a question of a 6,000 year old earth created to "look mature". Rather, the earth's geology contains a history of events (meteor impacts, volcanoes, tectonic movement, sedimentary rock formation, etc.). Basic 19th century physics shows that if all these events happened in the past several thousand years, our current earth would be a molten ball because of all the heat produced by these events. Once again, either all of physics and chemistry is wrong, or the history of events in the earth's geology never happened.  If the creator of this 'light en route to earth' and earth's geology could place fictitious events in the light and in the earth's rocks, then it would seem this same creator could create a holy book full of fictitious events.  If you don't subscribe to the idea of a deceptive creator, then you are saying that all of physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy, cosmology, geology, paleontology, genetics, etc. are wrong. In effect, you are indeed rejecting all the physical sciences.  No birdan, as I said, it appears to be an imbedded history of events contained in that age, but since nobody has actually observed past reality in real time, there is no way to confirm what actually occurred so we make assumptions that the universe is old when it may not be that old at all.   Just as with your assumptions regarding the geology of the earth, I believe that the fossil record which evolutionists believe was created over hundreds of millions of years was actually deposited by the great flood quickly. Again, it is all a matter of interpretation and we will never agree on that aspect of how to interpret this evidence.
There are fewer and smaller gaps in knowledge for God to inhabit. Eventually there will be none. Until then there will be those who deny the obvious to cling to their primitive rigid superstition.  I wonder how shocked you will be when your whole atheistic world view collapses under the weight of fulfilled biblical prophecies which comes crashing down on you in your own lifetime. Knowing you, you'll turn to Buddhism. emoticon_xdonno emoticon_frazzled
And you rant about other people's assumption!!!emoticon_xdonno  Who's making an assumption? I'm stating a fact which you unbelievers are just too spiritually dead to see or appreciate at this time. You wont believe the truths in the bible until the world is collapsing around you. And even then you will deny the source which forewarned you of it as you curse God for the ensuing judgement which will be forthcoming. emoticon_xdonno
If it is a fact then you should be able to prove it beyond doubt.  Go on, give it a try.  It's easy really, but you must learn it for yourself. You don't need to rely on any person to prove it to you because God will meet you personally. You must first submit yourself to the living God and commit your life to Jesus as your Lord and Savior. If you are sincere in your commitment to Him you will receive His Holy Spirit to dwell within you forevermore and you will then become one with God and will be literally born again.  Once that change occurs within you, you will be a new creature and all of the spiritual truths which you are currently blind to will become obvious to you. You will truly know the truth and the truth will truly set you free. And the great thing is smiley, you won't rely on the words of any human being at all just as I don't. But you will know God's truths because His Holy Spirit will teach them to you. Here's the spiritual promise of what I am saying. Jhn 14:23 Jesus answered and said to him, "If anyone loves Me, he will keep My word; and My Father will love him, and We will come to him and make Our abode with him. Jhn 14:24 "He who does not love Me does not keep My words; and the word which you hear is not Mine, but the Father's who sent Me. Jhn 14:25 "These things I have spoken to you while abiding with you. Jhn 14:26 "But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in My name, He will teach you all things, and bring to your remembrance all that I said to you. The bolded verse says it all regarding the promise that the holy spirit will teach you all things and confirm HIS truths for you. All you must do is trust Him with your life to be born again. Can you do that smiley, cuz your eternal soul depends on it. emoticon_xgood
Essentially, what you're saying is I have to dedicate myself to believing in something that I don't currently believe in. And if I still don't manage to believe in it then I'm obviously not trying hard enough.  What a load of twaddle.  As I said, no facts here.  Move along people, move along, nothing to see here. No facts, no facts at all!!!  What you call proof is something that someone else feeds you which you will then decide if its valid or not. But either way it comes from another person whom you must trust if you accept their evidence. I'm telling you that our God is a personal God and is the only person who can supply the necessary evidence since both it and He is supernatural in nature.  How sad that you choose to ignore that reality and scoff at the opportunity I'm revealing to you. Just imagine smiley, all you must do to discover the secrets of the universe is grope out into the spiritual darkness of this world and sincerely ask God to reveal Himself to you if He truly exists. You don't even have to believe He exists when you ask, I didn't, when I did, just be sincere in your desire to know Him if He does exist and He will reveal Himself to you because He wishes that none should perish.  So move along if you like people, but if you sincerely seek God, He will find you. And that is a promise from Him that I can only attest to from personal experience.
That is my point: it either appears to be an embedded history of events, or it really is a history of events. If I look at an meteor crater, I say the crater was produced by a meteor impact. Either it was or it wasn't. There is no necessity for craters in a 'mature earth', a crater is evidence of an event.   Do you think a meteor crater was produced by a meteor impact, or is it simply a fake stage prop?  What you seem to be saying is that God not only produced a 'mature earth' but also produced an earth with an appearance of a history of events that didn't happen, and science only 'assumes' these events actually happened. Even though the evidence of these past events directly correlates to evidence we witness in the present, and even though the evidence of these past events follow and are explainable by physics and chemistry, they really didn't happen - they are really an embedded history that never occurred.  Have I got that right?  I don't deny that the earth has been hit by meteors or has experienced tectonic plate shifts and earthquakes as well as volcanoes throughout its history. But we haven't experienced meteor events on the scale of neighboring planets by any means. Why is that when we share the same spacial real estate, so to speak?  Geographic Distribution of Known Impact Structures This image shows the geographic distribution of about 160 structures that have been positively identified to date as impact structures based on the presence of shock-metamorphic effects and/or the presence of a meteoritic component or fragments at the structure. http://www.lpi.usra.edu/publications/slidesets/craters/images/scraters_s02.jpg http://www.lpi.usra.edu/publications/slidesets/craters/images/02_DISTRIBUTION_MAP.JPG  Compare this image to the number of craters on the moon which is our closest neighbor/satellite and the other planets in our neighborhood. Although I believe a big one is coming our way, we have dodged many bullets compared to the other planets around us. And remember, it isn't that these events occurred which I argue, it is when. Just look at Mt St Helens today and see how the destructive evidence of that event has been completely erased and grown over in a short 30 years, not 3,000, or 3 million years, but just 30 years.
**please note I had charts but can't figure out how to load them, but they avalilable on line. I had to take out the links also.  <Ignore the fossil record.<   Can you explain how man made objects have been found in coal?  <Explain the history of meteor impacts, vulcanism, and tectonic events that we can all see-keeping in mind that the energy released in all these events would boil the oceans away and turn the earth molten if condensed into the time period you insist is fact (based on a XXXXing book of myths). While you're at it, explain how meteor craters are found in geological layers that you insist we're laid down by the flood.<   "Another indication of both a young earth and a confirmation of the worldwide Flood is the scarcity of meteors in sedimentary rock layers. Although some meteors have been found in sedimentary layers, they are relatively rare. Meteors are easily identifiable, and many thousands have been identified and recovered from recent impacts on the planet's surface. If most of the rock layers were laid down rapidly during the one-year period of a worldwide Flood, you would not expect to find many meteorites buried in only one year. However, if the sediment was laid down over billions of years, there should be multiple billions of meteorites buried within this sediment. The fact that we find so few is another possible evidence for the rapid accumulation of the sedimentary layers and a young earth."  <Explain folded rock layers and how they could be produced in sudden, cataclysmic events.<  I think soft mud would best explain folded rock layers, or else they would break under the pressure.  <Explain varves, and ice cores, and how even though the have every appearance of being laid down annually over millenia (preserving annual pollen and spore samples, just as we'd expect), they were actually laid down in 40 days a few thousand years ago.<  You know this question about ice cores has come up quite a bit during the climate debate and it truly confuses me. Everyone assumes this ice build up has occurred at an annual and steady pace. However we know that since the last major ice age we have two shorter warm periods (Medieval and Roman) and two millennia warming period (1st and 2nd Holocene). We have historic records during the medieval warm period indicating that Greenland was warm enough to support a thriving Viking population. Therefore it would stand to reason that a significant amount of ice in Greenland melted, the Artic ice probably disappeared and the ice in Antarctic either increased or decreased (could have done either in these in the relatively short periods of time).  However the Holocene warm periods were sufficiently warm and long enough that most if not all of the ice in Greenland, Artic, and possibly the Antarctic disappeared. Sea levels seem to support this also. I honestly don't know how we date ice core data over hundreds of thousands of years let alone millions of years, especially when you consider the temperature graphs now used by evolutionists in their study of the earth. Goggle Glacier Girl and see how the expedition-using accepted current science reasoning-expected the plane to be under a relativity thin layer of ice, but was under 250 feet of ice built up over a fifty year period.  Can you explain some things to me.   1. The earth's magnetic force is getting weaker, that's a fact and is measurable. Although it doesn't prove God created earth it does put a date on how long life has been on earth. Some where around the 25,000 year point the earth's magnetic field would have been too strong to support life. 2. The earth's rotation is slowing down, that's a fact and is measurable. Although it doesn't prove God created earth it does put a date on how long life has been on earth. Some where around the 250,000 year point the earth's rotation would have been to fast to support life. 3. The moon is leaving the earth, that's a fact and is measurable. Although it doesn't prove God created earth it does put a date on how long life has been on earth. Some where around the 250,000 year point the gravitation effects from the moon would have been too strong to support life.
**please note I had charts but can't figure out how to load them, but they avalilable on line. I had to take out the links also.  <Ignore the fossil record.<   Can you explain how man made objects have been found in coal?  <Explain the history of meteor impacts, vulcanism, and tectonic events that we can all see-keeping in mind that the energy released in all these events would boil the oceans away and turn the earth molten if condensed into the time period you insist is fact (based on a XXXXing book of myths). While you're at it, explain how meteor craters are found in geological layers that you insist we're laid down by the flood.<   "Another indication of both a young earth and a confirmation of the worldwide Flood is the scarcity of meteors in sedimentary rock layers. Although some meteors have been found in sedimentary layers, they are relatively rare. Meteors are easily identifiable, and many thousands have been identified and recovered from recent impacts on the planet's surface. If most of the rock layers were laid down rapidly during the one-year period of a worldwide Flood, you would not expect to find many meteorites buried in only one year. However, if the sediment was laid down over billions of years, there should be multiple billions of meteorites buried within this sediment. The fact that we find so few is another possible evidence for the rapid accumulation of the sedimentary layers and a young earth."  <Explain folded rock layers and how they could be produced in sudden, cataclysmic events.<  I think soft mud would best explain folded rock layers, or else they would break under the pressure.  <Explain varves, and ice cores, and how even though the have every appearance of being laid down annually over millenia (preserving annual pollen and spore samples, just as we'd expect), they were actually laid down in 40 days a few thousand years ago.<  You know this question about ice cores has come up quite a bit during the climate debate and it truly confuses me. Everyone assumes this ice build up has occurred at an annual and steady pace. However we know that since the last major ice age we have two shorter warm periods (Medieval and Roman) and two millennia warming period (1st and 2nd Holocene). We have historic records during the medieval warm period indicating that Greenland was warm enough to support a thriving Viking population. Therefore it would stand to reason that a significant amount of ice in Greenland melted, the Artic ice probably disappeared and the ice in Antarctic either increased or decreased (could have done either in these in the relatively short periods of time).  However the Holocene warm periods were sufficiently warm and long enough that most if not all of the ice in Greenland, Artic, and possibly the Antarctic disappeared. Sea levels seem to support this also. I honestly don't know how we date ice core data over hundreds of thousands of years let alone millions of years, especially when you consider the temperature graphs now used by evolutionists in their study of the earth. Goggle Glacier Girl and see how the expedition-using accepted current science reasoning-expected the plane to be under a relativity thin layer of ice, but was under 250 feet of ice built up over a fifty year period.  Can you explain some things to me.   1. The earth's magnetic force is getting weaker, that's a fact and is measurable. Although it doesn't prove God created earth it does put a date on how long life has been on earth. Some where around the 25,000 year point the earth's magnetic field would have been too strong to support life. 2. The earth's rotation is slowing down, that's a fact and is measurable. Although it doesn't prove God created earth it does put a date on how long life has been on earth. Some where around the 250,000 year point the earth's rotation would have been to fast to support life. 3. The moon is leaving the earth, that's a fact and is measurable. Although it doesn't prove God created earth it does put a date on how long life has been on earth. Some where around the 250,000 year point the gravitation effects from the moon would have been too strong to support life.  Hi Syeater, and welcome to the forum. An excellent and informative post which shares an opposing view while asking some more very interesting questions which I doubt the evolutionists will even attempt to answer. My whole argument has been not to make any absolute dictums since I realize we don't and can't have all the answers regarding these time distant issues and questions. I know that the observable evidence can't only be interpreted 2 ways but any combination and number of ways.   PS. You need a certain number of posts before you can post links, if you PM them to me with any explanation you have, I'll post it for you in your name so people will know it's from you. emoticon_xhoho
I don't have time right now to answer everything but will get back to it later. By the way the leading evolutionists think there is a problem with items found in coal and rock as they developed a theory that ~"under the right conditions and weather metal materials can pass through solid rock" I don't remember who came up with the theory, but it had to be to address items in coal. This is from a left wing web site.  Impossible Stuff Found In Coal and Rock  By James Donahue  It is said that coal is a by-product of decaying vegetation and that it takes from 30 to 300 million years for its natural production. Thus when "impossible" items like jewelry, a spoon, a metallic cube and other "man-made" objects are found in lumps of coal, we are inclined to perceive human history in a dramatically new light.  There is a growing list of these items that made the news in their day, but then were put aside as unexplainable anomalies. When we put them all together, however, their existence challenges everything we thought we knew about the world and human history. There are many hard-line fundamentalists who would like to sweep such things under the rug so they don't confuse their archaic belief systems.  Nevertheless, these things exist. We offer a list of the ones we presently know about. We are sure there are many others.  The Morrisonville, Illinois Times, on June 11, 1891, said Mrs. S. W. Culp found a circular shaped eight-carat gold chain, about 10 inches long, embedded in a lump of coal after she broke it apart to put in her scuttle. The chain was described as "antique" and of "quaint workmanship." The story said only part of the chain was revealed when she first broke open the coal, and that the rest of the chain remained buried within the coal. The coal came from one of the southern Illinois mines.  Yet another story found in Epoch Times told of a Colorado rancher who in the 1800s broke open a lump of coal, dug from a vein some 300 feet in the earth, and found a "strange-looking iron thimble." The item was dubbed the "Thimble of Eve" by the media. Since its discovery, however, and due to mishandling by its owners, the iron corroded and disintegrated.  In 1944, when he was a boy of 10, Newton Anderson dropped a lump of coal in the basement of his home in Upshur County West Virginia. The coal, which had been mined near his home, broke open and out fell a brass bell with a long artistic handle with what is described as a "demon-like" figure at the end. An iron clapper was still attached within the bell. The bell has been featured in a 1992 CBS documentary titled "Ancient Secrets of the Bible." The bell now belongs to a Genesis Park collection, which we believe may be in New Hampshire. .  Within the Creation Evidence Museum at Glen Rose, Texas, can be found a cast iron pot reportedly found in a large lump of coal in 1912 by a worker feeding coal into a local electric power plant. When he split open the coal the worker said the pot fell out, leaving its impression in the coal. The coal had been mined at Wilburton, Oklahoma. The bell and pot are being used by Christians to prove the Genesis story of Tubal Cain, who reportedly forged metals prior to the flood.  A large ceramic spoon or ladle was found in the ashes of a coal stove by a woman in Pennsylvania in 1937. The item was sent to The Smithsonian Institute for examination, and remained buried in the volumes of artifacts stored there until its existence was made public in 1976.  The Salzburg Cube is yet another ancient puzzle found by a worker named Reidl in an Austrian foundry in 1885. Like the others, this man broke open a block of coal and found a metal cube embedded inside. The mining engineer wrote off the item as a meteorite, but more recent analysis shows that the object was a forged iron and obviously hand crafted. The item is not perfectly square, with slightly rounded sides on two ends. It measures only two and a half by one and four-fifth of an inch. There is an incision that runs around it horizontally, suggesting it may have been a machine part.  Workers in stone quarries also have found impossible objects.   It is said that in 1844, quarry workers at Rutherford Mills, England, found a piece of gold thread embedded in rock about eight feet in the ground.  The London Times in 1851 reported that Hiram DeWitt, of Springfield, Mass, brought a piece of quartz home from a trip to California. When the stone was accidentally dropped it split open and inside was a cut-iron six-penny nail. The nail was described as perfectly straight and with its head still intact.  A British publication of 1845-51 contained a report by Sir David Brewster that a nail was found in a block of stone from the Kingoodie Quarry, North Britain. The head of the nail was exposed but an inch of it was embedded in the stone.  The oxidized remains of a tapered, threaded iron screw was found in a piece of feldspar removed from a mine near Treasure City, Nevada, in 1869.  Then there was a "mystery object of exquisite workmanship" found by workers in solid pudding stone, about 15 feet in the ground, at Dorchester, Mass. A story in the June, 1851 edition of Scientific American said the artifact was a "bell-shaped vessel" four and a half inches high, six and a half inches wide at the base, and two and a half inches wide at the top. The sides are inlaid with images of flowers, fines or a wreath. The object appears to be a composition of metals, and inlaid with silver.
First let me say I am no expert or scientist and do not claim to be one. Second, I agree that my believing God created the earth 6,000 years ago is based on faith. However, I have yet seen any scientific eviendence to prove against it, but I think there is some serious mental hoops to jump through if you believe earth is billions of years old, and life have evolved over a billion years or so.   <CD410: Airplanes Buried in Ice<  When it is convenient the layers are annual, when not they are many layers per season. I agree with the points on the web page, I also say if ice core samples would have been taken it would have shown a much long time period.  You didn't directly address my point. As late as a few thousand years ago Greenland and possibly the Antarctic were ice free. How do you determine the ice cores are hundred of thousands years old let alone millions.  <You are assuming that it was at a single level, and kept on getting weaker. However, geological data shows that the magnetic field goes through periods of reversal, and we are currently entering a time that it might flip over within a thousand years or so. The magnetic field would get weaker, reverse, then get stronger again. This has been mathematically modeled , and the model actually predicted some of the anomalies we are seeing.<  I think there are some serious problems with reversal of the magnetic field and is more likely the result of water rushing in and cooling the rocks which would cause a differential in magnetic strength. But even if I give you this, you still have a problem.  "The last reversal was the Brunhes-Matuyama reversal approximately 780,000 years ago." That does not solve the issue; approximately 25,000 years ago (I'll give you 50,000 years or even 100,000) the earth's magnetic field was so strong that it would kill all living life on earth.  CE011: Earth's rotation slowing  <The earth's rotation is slowing at a rate of about 0.005 seconds per year. This extrapolates to the earth having a fourteen-hour day 4.6 billion years ago, which is entirely possible.  The rate at which the earth is slowing today is higher than average because the present rate of spin is in resonance with the back-and-forth movement of the oceans.  Fossil rugose corals preserve daily and yearly growth patterns and show that the day was about 22 hours long 370 million years ago, in rough agreement with the 22.7 hours predicted from a constant rate of slowing (Scrutton 1964; Wells 1963).<  It is closer to .0002 per day, that makes a quite a difference per year and puts a limit on life on earth.   "Leap seconds are added to keep the atomic clocks synchronized with the Earth's rotation. This is because the Earth rotates at a slower pace over time while the atomic clocks do not slow down. The Earth is rotating slower and slower over time, while the atomic clocks are not slowing down. On one average day the difference between atomic clocks and Earth's rotation is around 0.002 seconds, or around 1 second every 1.5 years.  The time to do one rotation differs from day to day and from year to year. The Earth was slower than atomic clocks by: 0.16 seconds in 2005; 0.30 seconds in 2006; 0.31 seconds in 2007; and 0.32 seconds in 2008. It was only 0.02 seconds slower in 2001 (based on data from IERS)."   <CE110: Moon Receding  # The moon is receding at about 3.8 cm per year. Since the moon is 3.85 × 1010 cm from the earth, this is already consistent, within an order of magnitude, with an earth-moon system billions of years old.  # The magnitude of tidal friction depends on the arrangement of the continents. In the past, the continents were arranged such that tidal friction, and thus the rates of earth's slowing and the moon's recession, would have been less. The earth's rotation has slowed at a rate of two seconds every 100,000 years (Eicher 1976).  # The rate of earth's rotation in the distant past can be measured. Corals produce skeletons with both daily layers and yearly patterns, so we can count the number of days per year when the coral grew. Measurements of fossil corals from 180 to 400 million years ago show year lengths from 381 to 410 days, with older corals showing more days per year (Eicher 1976; Scrutton 1970; Wells 1963; 1970). Similarly, days per year can also be computed from growth patterns in mollusks (Pannella 1976; Scrutton 1978) and stromatolites (Mohr 1975; Pannella et al. 1968) and from sediment deposition patterns (Williams 1997). All such measurements are consistent with a gradual rate of earth's slowing for the last 650 million years.  # The clocks based on the slowing of earth's rotation described above provide an independent method of dating geological layers over most of the fossil record. The data is inconsistent with a young earth<  I don't understand the rational, it is receding at 3.8 cm per year (I'll take your word for it) however that is not constant, it is based on the Inverse Square law:   Inverse Square Law, General Any point source which spreads its influence equally in all directions without a limit to its range will obey the inverse square law. This comes from strictly geometrical considerations. The intensity of the influence at any given radius r is the source strength divided by the area of the sphere. Being strictly geometric in its origin, the inverse square law applies to diverse phenomena. Point sources of gravitational force, electric field, light, sound or radiation obey the inverse square law. It is a subject of continuing debate with a source such as a skunk on top of a flag pole; will it's smell drop off according to the inverse square law?   Gravity : Inverse Square Law, Gravity As one of the fields which obey the general inverse square law, the gravity field can be put in the form shown below, showing that the acceleration of gravity, g, is an expression of the intensity of the gravity field.
The lost squadron we discussed was buried for 48 years and was beneath 263 ft of ice. That comes out to 5.5 ft/yr. The deepest ice core taken from Greenland that I know of is 10,000 feet and it was dated at 135,000 years or .074ft/yr. I would agree that the coastal areas may build up ice faster, but it seems to me like a lot of faith is going on here.
The first image is a trilobite fossil. But the fossil has been stretched from the upper left to the lower right. "Soft mud" is not going to do this. But if the trilobite is fossilized and the sediment is lithified, then slow movement under lots of pressure and heat will deform both the fossil and its surrounding rock.  <The second image is of a lithified pebble bed. Note that all the pebbles have been stretched. Again, "soft mud" will not explain this.  This stretching is called ductile deformation. It is the result of rock being subjected to extreme heat and pressure, and with slow movement, the rock will deform without breaking. Rapid movement, even under extreme heat and pressure, will simply break the rock.  So we have an example of a trilobite which first had to be buried, then had to fossilize, then the surrounding sediment had to turn to rock, then that rock had to be buried to a depth giving it sufficient heat and pressure, and then all of that had to be stretched very slowly.  Ductile deformation is easily explanable in a timeframe of millions of years, and impossible to explain in a timeframe of a few thousand years.<  Frankly I don't know enough to discuss this intelligently. But a Trilobite is a soft bodied organism, why couldn't it be stretched first then fossilized? Give me some time and I might be able to discuss this on a higher level.
<Well, no, it's not "a lot of faith". First, ice core samples are not taken from the same area as the "lost squadron" - they are taken further inland from the permanent ice sheet. Second, Greenland was not "ice free" a few thousand years ago, nor even tens of thousands of years ago. The coastal area of Greenland has occasionally been ice free, but again that is not where the ice core samples are taken from  Also, the ice core samples can be correlated to other geological events, such as major volcanic eruptions - a layer of volcanic ash is located exactly in the layer it should be. <  Are you telling me that Greenland's ice content is the same as it was during the Holocene period? Then tell me how do you explain the rise in sea levels that we know occured?  The debate isn't whether vocanic ash is located exactly in the layer it should be, it is when did that layer occur?
I don't have time right now to answer everything but will get back to it later. By the way the leading evolutionists think there is a problem with items found in coal and rock as they developed a theory that ~"under the right conditions and weather metal materials can pass through solid rock" I don't remember who came up with the theory, but it had to be to address items in coal. This is from a left wing web site.  Impossible Stuff Found In Coal and Rock  By James Donahue  It is said that coal is a by-product of decaying vegetation and that it takes from 30 to 300 million years for its natural production. Thus when "impossible" items like jewelry, a spoon, a metallic cube and other "man-made" objects are found in lumps of coal, we are inclined to perceive human history in a dramatically new light.  There is a growing list of these items that made the news in their day, but then were put aside as unexplainable anomalies. When we put them all together, however, their existence challenges everything we thought we knew about the world and human history. There are many hard-line fundamentalists who would like to sweep such things under the rug so they don't confuse their archaic belief systems.  Nevertheless, these things exist. We offer a list of the ones we presently know about. We are sure there are many others.  The Morrisonville, Illinois Times, on June 11, 1891, said Mrs. S. W. Culp found a circular shaped eight-carat gold chain, about 10 inches long, embedded in a lump of coal after she broke it apart to put in her scuttle. The chain was described as "antique" and of "quaint workmanship." The story said only part of the chain was revealed when she first broke open the coal, and that the rest of the chain remained buried within the coal. The coal came from one of the southern Illinois mines.  Yet another story found in Epoch Times told of a Colorado rancher who in the 1800s broke open a lump of coal, dug from a vein some 300 feet in the earth, and found a "strange-looking iron thimble." The item was dubbed the "Thimble of Eve" by the media. Since its discovery, however, and due to mishandling by its owners, the iron corroded and disintegrated.  In 1944, when he was a boy of 10, Newton Anderson dropped a lump of coal in the basement of his home in Upshur County West Virginia. The coal, which had been mined near his home, broke open and out fell a brass bell with a long artistic handle with what is described as a "demon-like" figure at the end. An iron clapper was still attached within the bell. The bell has been featured in a 1992 CBS documentary titled "Ancient Secrets of the Bible." The bell now belongs to a Genesis Park collection, which we believe may be in New Hampshire. .  Within the Creation Evidence Museum at Glen Rose, Texas, can be found a cast iron pot reportedly found in a large lump of coal in 1912 by a worker feeding coal into a local electric power plant. When he split open the coal the worker said the pot fell out, leaving its impression in the coal. The coal had been mined at Wilburton, Oklahoma. The bell and pot are being used by Christians to prove the Genesis story of Tubal Cain, who reportedly forged metals prior to the flood.  A large ceramic spoon or ladle was found in the ashes of a coal stove by a woman in Pennsylvania in 1937. The item was sent to The Smithsonian Institute for examination, and remained buried in the volumes of artifacts stored there until its existence was made public in 1976.  The Salzburg Cube is yet another ancient puzzle found by a worker named Reidl in an Austrian foundry in 1885. Like the others, this man broke open a block of coal and found a metal cube embedded inside. The mining engineer wrote off the item as a meteorite, but more recent analysis shows that the object was a forged iron and obviously hand crafted. The item is not perfectly square, with slightly rounded sides on two ends. It measures only two and a half by one and four-fifth of an inch. There is an incision that runs around it horizontally, suggesting it may have been a machine part.  Workers in stone quarries also have found impossible objects.   It is said that in 1844, quarry workers at Rutherford Mills, England, found a piece of gold thread embedded in rock about eight feet in the ground.  The London Times in 1851 reported that Hiram DeWitt, of Springfield, Mass, brought a piece of quartz home from a trip to California. When the stone was accidentally dropped it split open and inside was a cut-iron six-penny nail. The nail was described as perfectly straight and with its head still intact.  A British publication of 1845-51 contained a report by Sir David Brewster that a nail was found in a block of stone from the Kingoodie Quarry, North Britain. The head of the nail was exposed but an inch of it was embedded in the stone.  The oxidized remains of a tapered, threaded iron screw was found in a piece of feldspar removed from a mine near Treasure City, Nevada, in 1869.  Then there was a "mystery object of exquisite workmanship" found by workers in solid pudding stone, about 15 feet in the ground, at Dorchester, Mass. A story in the June, 1851 edition of Scientific American said the artifact was a "bell-shaped vessel" four and a half inches high, six and a half inches wide at the base, and two and a half inches wide at the top. The sides are inlaid with images of flowers, fines or a wreath. The object appears to be a composition of metals, and inlaid with silver.  Isn't it interesting that nobody has commented on this very interesting evidence of man made objects found in either coal or stone hundreds of feet underground in some cases? What does this say about our assumptions regarding the time and processes actually required for coal and even rock to form considering the incredible environment they are subjected to. And here's a link to the source site you posted. If people check out his other articles here: Warehouse B they will see he is most assuredly left of center in many of his views. This link: Cracking Open Stones takes you directly to this posted article.
I take it this discussion is over?  Since it is impossible to come to any consensus, that appears to be the case. emoticon_xdonno
From my speculation, this topic is full of people trying to either prove or disprove evolution. Almost no one ever tries to give evidence against creation. So, what is it?
I didn't mean literal Genesis. I just wonder if there is any proof against God himself or that he created the universe and everything in it, even if that means that he created evolution. Is it actually impossible for God to exist?
Defining that creationism is the belief that God created the universe and everything in it, is there any proof against God?
Hey, SS is catching on! There really is no evidence against RMNS. The difference is that there is evidence for it...  Wow, that was really lame.  Thank you all for your answers.
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1T4CNDB_en___US215&defl=en&q=define:god&sa=X&oi=glossary_definition&ct=title  My definition: noun, proper--the creator of the universe and everything in it; the trinity; our savior
natural forces can also be defined as the creator of the universe and all that is in it. the cause of the universe exists. if thats what you define god to be, then god exists  "three persons in one God, all three of whom, as distinct and co-eternal persons, are of one indivisible Divine essence". this is so abstract i'll need you to elaborate on it in more articulate terms. i suppose you can substitute "essence" for "substance". then it would be similar to the atlantic, pacific and indian ocean, all three of whom, as distinct and co-eternal bodies of water, are of one indivisible substance. thats cool, but maybe youd like to refine that definition  our savior? we, as in you and me collectively, dont have a savior, but i think youre referring to you plural as christians in general. you'll again have to elaborate on this. savior from what? saved how?  God is a being. Natural forces aren't.  It is a lot like oceans. I don't worry about that subject much, though. If God can do anything, than He can contradict anything. If He can contradict anything, than He can be three bodies as well as one at the same time.  Savior from Sin. Although this seems very difficult for you evos to understand, everyone needs a savior.
It seems like this is the question you're asking, who has the burden of proof? I think that the one with the burden of proof must be the one who departs with logic the most. Too often science assumes it can access all necessary evidence to answer all questions. Some evidence is beyond our reach. That is the assumption too many scientists refuse to accept.
From my speculation, this topic is full of people trying to either prove or disprove evolution. Almost no one ever tries to give evidence against creation. So, what is it?  Because there IS no evidence against creationism.
If you mean starting from scratch with absolutely no genetic material at all as part of the formula or equation, then I don't believe man will ever accomplish that. Only God can create new life from nothing, or from non life shall we say.
Well, man might someday gain the capability of fully synthasizing a molecule as complex as DNA from scratch. Of course, he would use the knowledge gained from studying how various DNA codes affect natural biological characteristics in order to properly design that DNA to achieve the desired characteristics. It might be even more difficult to then take that synthesized DNA and put it in an egg and artificial womb that has no natural (as opposed to artificial) biological parts, but even that might be achievable someday through chemical construction. All this means is that humanity might someday be able to copy the methods of nature to create a new being - perhaps even use creativity to create beings of very different natural functions than we see in our world.  It is all interesting to think about and could well be achievable within this century. We already are capable of a large degree of genetic manipulation through cloning and hybridization. One would think that it will only be a matter of time before more complex technologies get developed.  The other question, of course, is - If we could someday create new life using our technology, should we? That would bring up a whole host of issues, including:  - Would we know what we were doing well enough not to cause great harm? - How would the beings we create be treated?  Here is a strand of DNA: To think that Man can design, structure and then create such a thing that when fertilized and planted will actually grow into an independent life form with equal and functioning parts is a real stretch for me to even conceive as probable, much less possible.   http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTb_0OcX1HmhMBTXOJzbkF;_ylu=X3oDMTBpY2Y5NXNiBHBvcwM2BHNlYwNzcgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=1hqbp20mi/EXP=1199489678/**http%3A//images.search.yahoo.com/search/images/view%3Fback=http%253A%252F%252Fimages.search.yahoo.com%252Fsearch%252Fimages%253Fp%253DDNA%252BStrand%2526fr%253Dyfp-t-501%2526toggle%253D1%2526cop%253Dmss%2526ei%253DUTF-8%26w=200%26h=132%26imgurl=harfordmedlegal.typepad.com%252Fforensics_talk%252Fimages%252Fdna_strand.jpg%26rurl=http%253A%252F%252Fharfordmedlegal.typepad.com%252Fforensics_talk%252F2006%252F12%252Fdna_semen_analy.html%26size=14.3kB%26name=dna_strand.jpg%26p=DNA%2BStrand%26type=jpeg%26no=6%26tt=8,944%26oid=ad3bf06db41edca8%26ei=UTF-8  There are approximately 60 trillion cells in the human body. Each of these cells carry material called chromosomes. Along those chromosomes are about 100,000 genes. The gene is what carries our heredity.  It determines everything from our eye and hair color to our risk for diseases like heart disease and diabetes. Inside each gene is Deoxyribonucleic Acid - DNA - whose purpose is to carry out a single function.  "DNA is a polymer,a molecule, made up of a large number of atoms, arranged in repeating units called nucleotides." ( Criminalistics, Saferstein, Richard, 2001) Nucleotides are then strung together to form thew DNA strand.  There are four bases attached to the backbone of the DNA strand: adenine, cytosine, guanine, thymine. The DNA strand can go on forever containing millions of bases.  Double Helix   There are actually two DNA strands called a double Helix. They resemble two wires twisted around each other.  The two strands are connected by the four bases, adenine, cytosine, guanine, and thymine ( A,C,G,T).  The pairing of the bases has to go in a certain pattern. Although there can be different sequences, A must attach to T and G must attach to C:  A........T  G........C  C........G A........T  T........A C........G  This is called base pairing. Although this is the way the bases must be paired together, there is no limit on how the bases are sequenced on the strand. So there are limitless possibilities of sequencing.  Each strand of DNA has the same information. It's how the bases are sequenced that determines our unique genetic heredity, including any predisposition to certain diseases.  All the human chromosomes contain about three billion base pairs. This is referred to as the genetic code. An individualized code that is as unique to each of us as our fingerprints, except in the case of identical twins.  The complexity of sequencing more than 3 billion pairs of chromosomes in order to create a viable creature in the mammal family is so far beyond mans capabilities today, and will always be in my humble opinion.
Let me put it this way. You do not have a high opinion of your God's handiwork, do you? We have moved from the discovery of DNA to deciphering the construction of the human (and others') genome in only sixty years, yet you seek only to belittle mankinds achievement in order to boost your invisible friend. Your opinion is indeed humble as it denies man's future progress in deference to "Goddidit!". Where is the debate to be had from your cut-and-pasting something you obviously barely understand as the basis of your argument?  Talk about sanctimonious, you call this a refutation of what I have said? I posted a basic description of the complexity of what DNA is and you contribute nothing but insults and assumptions that this is all beyond my comprehension because I'm a christian no doubt. If I believe in a personal God I must be stupid right pf?   And by posting what science has discovered about the complexity of what makes up life, I believe I have convincingly shown how far Man is from duplicating that process from scratch and creating any working animal with all of its parts in order. What I am saying so you can comprehend it pf is that discovering and even cataloging the molecular structure, the proteins and atomic make up of the chromosomes, the genes and the cell structure of DNA doesn't in any way mean we can then create it from scratch and organize it so it becomes a living being of any type. I believe that is a more complex process than we could ever accomplish in the century as was suggested in the OP.   And by extension, ever because as I said above, creating life from non life falls under the heading of Gods realm of creating something from nothing. We are good at taking raw materials and building them into something new and different, but taking non living matter and creating viable life from it as described in the OP will always be beyond Mans capabilities in my opinion. The Lord will return before we ever could gain such knowledge if such knowledge was even possible to gain. You may not like hearing that opinion, but there it is anyway.  Here again is a breakdown of the complexity of what is the genetic code.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTb_0OcX1HmhMBTXOJzbkF;_ylu=X3oDMTBpY2Y5NXNiBHBvcwM2BHNlYwNzcgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=1hqbp20mi/EXP=1199489678/**http%3A//images.search.yahoo.com/search/images/view%3Fback=http%253A%252F%252Fimages.search.yahoo.com%252Fsearch%252Fimages%253Fp%253DDNA%252BStrand%2526fr%253Dyfp-t-501%2526toggle%253D1%2526cop%253Dmss%2526ei%253DUTF-8%26w=200%26h=132%26imgurl=harfordmedlegal.typepad.com%252Fforensics_talk%252Fimages%252Fdna_strand.jpg%26rurl=http%253A%252F%252Fharfordmedlegal.typepad.com%252Fforensics_talk%252F2006%252F12%252Fdna_semen_analy.html%26size=14.3kB%26name=dna_strand.jpg%26p=DNA%2BStrand%26type=jpeg%26no=6%26tt=8,944%26oid=ad3bf06db41edca8%26ei=UTF-8  There are approximately 60 trillion cells in the human body. Each of these cells carry material called chromosomes. Along those chromosomes are about 100,000 genes. The gene is what carries our heredity.  It determines everything from our eye and hair color to our risk for diseases like heart disease and diabetes. Inside each gene is Deoxyribonucleic Acid - DNA - whose purpose is to carry out a single function.  "DNA is a polymer,a molecule, made up of a large number of atoms, arranged in repeating units called nucleotides." ( Criminalistics, Saferstein, Richard, 2001) Nucleotides are then strung together to form thew DNA strand.  There are four bases attached to the backbone of the DNA strand: adenine, cytosine, guanine, thymine. The DNA strand can go on forever containing millions of bases.  Double Helix   There are actually two DNA strands called a double Helix. They resemble two wires twisted around each other.  The two strands are connected by the four bases, adenine, cytosine, guanine, and thymine ( A,C,G,T).  The pairing of the bases has to go in a certain pattern. Although there can be different sequences, A must attach to T and G must attach to C:  This is called base pairing. Although this is the way the bases must be paired together, there is no limit on how the bases are sequenced on the strand. So there are limitless possibilities of sequencing.  Each strand of DNA has the same information. It's how the bases are sequenced that determines our unique genetic heredity, including any predisposition to certain diseases.  All the human chromosomes contain about three billion base pairs. This is referred to as the genetic code. An individualized code that is as unique to each of us as our fingerprints, except in the case of identical twins.
If you mean starting from scratch with absolutely no genetic material at all as part of the formula or equation, then I don't believe man will ever accomplish that. Only God can create new life from nothing, or from non life shall we say.  According to the experts. creating life from scratch is just 3 to 10 years away! From here: http://ezinearticles.com/?Texas-Braces-For-More-Protestors---The-Creation-of-Artificial-Life-Expected-In-Three-To-Ten-Years&id=712122  Thanks for the link Demon38, finally someone is interested in actually discussing the issue rather than attacking both my intelligence and my right to participate in a discussion about a science I don't have a degree in. How many molecular biologists do we have on this forum after all? And was the OP directed only at them? I also notice that all of those who condemn and insult me for giving my opinion as gibberish offered absolutely nothing to the debate at all, only insults.  As to your link though, I read the whole article and need some clarification as to what kind of life it believes we are close to creating. I ask this because the OP is pretty clear about suggesting the creation of synthetic artificial life within the century in the full design that one would desire. That is what I was speaking to not ever happening in the post above. The rest of the part you quoted was not about the end result being a functional new animal of any design, or of an intended design by its human makers. I maintain that will never successfuly happen, and your article doesn't imply that will ever happen either. If I'm wrong, please correct me.   Remember, Another opinion wasn't speaking about Designing a new organism from scratch, but a functioning new animal from scratch with all parts where they should be, based totally on human design.   I know this is a bit off topic, but human technology - ranging from genetic manipulation to artificial intelligence - is slowly approaching the point where it is conceivable that within this century humans could be capable of creating an entirely new life form.   I'm not talking only clones or hybrids - which have already been achieved at various levels - but engineering a new living being from scratch by synthesizing DNA in the full "design" that one would desire.    Once membranes are present, cells can create a barrier against "bad" molecules, keep the "good" ones in, and multiply. Bedau believes that the other two major obstacles facing scientists in this field are,  (1) getting the nucleotides, or "blocks of DNA" to form a working genetic system, and   (2) establishing the proper cell metabolism. Creating a working genetic system would enable the cells to function, to reproduce and to change in accordance with their environment. Establishing a functioning metabolism would allow cells to extract raw materials from the environment and convert them to food and energy.  Jack Szostak, of the Harvard Medical School, believes that consistently being able to create membranes will not be "a big problem" within six months. Scientists are using fatty acids to achieve this goal, he says, and is also optimistic about labs producing artificial genetic systems, as described by Bedau, within the near future. Once the membranes are produced, scientists can add nucleotides in the right proportions and, reasonably, Darwinian evolution could take over.  "We aren't smart enough to design things, we just let evolution do the hard work and then we figure out what happened," said Szostak.  There is more than one approach to solving these problems, however. Steve Benner, a biological chemist at the Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution, is going down a different avenue of thought. Normal DNA consists of four bases -- adenine, cytosine, guanine, and thymine -- pairing up to create genetic codes. Benner is attempting to add eight entirely new bases to the chemical equation, and working from there, produce new life.  While there are legitimate concerns about the far-reaching consequences of creating artificial life, Bedau assures the public that it will be a "long time" before cells running "amok" is even a possibility. "...it'll be a huge achievement if you can keep them [artificial cells] alive for an hour in a lab. But them getting out and taking over, never in our imagination could this happen."   Please correct me if I'm wrong but this article doesn't imply what the OP is suggesting at all is it? Isn't this article clearly suggesting that "...it'll be a huge achievement if you can keep them [artificial cells] alive for an hour in a lab. So I stand by my belief that to be able to structure DNA artificially to grow into a working animal is not something that Man will succeed at accomplishing.   Or as Jack Szostak said: "We aren't smart enough to design things, we just let evolution do the hard work and then we figure out what happened," said Szostak. It seems he agrees with me.
Post reported for plagarism.  I didn't plagarize anything. I reposted the same information from post 4 that gave the source Kronus. See:   http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTb_0OcX1HmhMBTXOJzbkF;_ylu=X3oDMTBpY2Y5NXNiBHBvcwM2BHNlYwNzcgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=1hqbp20mi/EXP=1199489678/**http%3A//images.search.yahoo.com/search/images/view%3Fback=http%253A%252F%252Fimages.search.yahoo.com%252Fsearch%252Fimages%253Fp%253DDNA%252BStrand%2526fr%253Dyfp-t-501%2526toggle%253D1%2526cop%253Dmss%2526ei%253DUTF-8%26w=200%26h=132%26imgurl=harfordmedlegal.typepad.com%252Fforensics_talk%252Fimages%252Fdna_strand.jpg%26rurl=http%253A%252F%252Fharfordmedlegal.typepad.com%252Fforensics_talk%252F2006%252F12%252Fdna_semen_analy.html%26size=14.3kB%26name=dna_strand.jpg%26p=DNA%2BStrand%26type=jpeg%26no=6%26tt=8,944%26oid=ad3bf06db41edca8%26ei=UTF-8  Notice the key word, AGAIN...     Here again is a breakdown of the complexity of what is the genetic code.    Now go back to verse 4 and see that I posted the link to the same article.
I'm sorry if you don't understand what plagarism means, but every time you quote someone word for word, you need to cite it.  I understand what plagiarism is kronus, and I also understand the lashing out of a juvenile. So nice job in expressing the level of your maturity by focussing on irrelevant minutia rather than the debate. emoticon_xchicken emoticon_rolleyes Plagiarism would be me attempting to take credit for someone elses work. Would you please show proof that I was doing that? Of course not, since I said I was again posting a breakdown of the genetic code which I had already cited once just a few posts removed. So maybe you should learn the meaning of the word before making the accusation again.
And once again, pulling an Archie!  Better an Archie than a philosophical coward who calls someone who fails to post the same link twice in the same thread a plagiarist when that person never even attempted to take credit for the article in the first place. That's what i call pulling a kronus, because it so typical of you and representative of your style of attacking rather than debating the issues.
An Archie is a philosophical coward, in that one who is pulling an Archie utterly refues to engage in any self reflection, despite knowing on some level that they're wrong.    No kronus, that is not what an archie is. That is a perfect description of what you are which will from here on be referred to as a kronus. Two can play your childish games you know.  Debating take two. If "pulling a Kronus" is calling someone on it when they do something other than engage in real debate, like for example pretending to know something when they don't, then I will proudly wear that title. emoticon_xgood  The fact is that the finest scientific minds on Earth don't know about what is being debated here. If they did then Man would already be creating new complex life from non life now. So what right do you have to deny me my opinion or participation in any debate just because it is scientific in nature? Don't you see how sanctimonious and elitist that makes you? Not to mention bigoted. You infer that because I'm a christian that my mind is unable to grasp scientific concepts so that also makes you a pompous XXX. And one more thing, when the admin PMs me and tells me you can determine which debates I participate in, only then I will allow you to determine which threads I post on. In spite of your bigoted belief that all committed Christians must be XXXXXX just reflects your own ignorance of believers and hatred for Christianity. Welcome to the World of bigots. http://english.sdaglobal.org/research/sctstbel.htm#_Toc71912178  http://english.sdaglobal.org/research/sctstbel.htm#_Toc71912179  http://english.sdaglobal.org/research/sctstbel.htm#_Toc71912180  http://english.sdaglobal.org/research/sctstbel.htm#_Toc71912181
And having once again demonstrated that you have no idea what you're talking about, I bid you farewell, secure in the knowledge that everyone else at least understands why you aren't worth the effort of attempting to debate.  Is that a promise kronus, cuz I'm gonna hold you to it. emoticon_xgood emoticon_smile
This is off topic, but I find it humorous that Archy quotes Thomas Jefferson out of context as his sig. What is really funny is that Jefferson was a Deist at the time (he later probably became a Unitarian, influenced by John Adams), and not a Christian. When he spoke of God, he was not talking about the Judo-Christian God, but rather the Deity. How dishonest of Archy to use a severely redacted edition of Jefferson's words to make a point that Jefferson was not making. Moreover, Archy didn't even have the honesty to indicate that he had cut meaningful portions. Here are Jefferson's actual words.  Archie's sig, if he were honest, would read as follows: "[C]an the liberties of a nation be...secure when we have removed...a conviction...that these liberties are a gift of God?"  Of course, in context, it is clear that Jefferson was talking about slavery, an institution that he claimed to oppose even though he never freed his own slaves. And, of course, Jefferson considered liberties to be self evident truths, not revealed in sacred writings. In fact, he rejected the idea of sacred writings, the Christian God, and the divinity of Christ.  A) I never claimed Jefferson was a Christian so don't attribute meanings to me that I never intended.   2) I didn't quote him out of context at all but simply quoted what he said. And so many here have rejected my words so emphatically in debates when I have said exactly what jefferson is saying here that Gods judgement will not rest forever but will someday come to this Country for our sins. Thanks for showing that Jefferson agreed with me by posting the rest of the quote Pandion.  I just found that quote as it was and used it, but hadn't read it in context to the Jefferson Papers. I like that he was speaking against slavery in it and it makes a worthy statement in my opinion.
Hey Pandion, here are some more quotes by evolutionists and agnostics that I neither wrote nor even compiled that you can tear apart and blame me for any inaccuracies in them.  http://english.sdaglobal.org/research/sctstbel.htm#_Toc71912181  Now have fun with these and I look forward to how you attribute what these men wrote as reflecting a bad character on my part. Or maybe you will take notice of the content of what they say and actually learn something.
Well I do know one nobel peace prize winner. He will be most depressed to know he did not get the big one in Science, since he did science (green revolution) to get his. I wish they would get their act straight over there in Stockholm and Oslo. You would think they could do better. And I don't think Wald won a peace prize of any kind.  Exactly, the implication being made is that Physics isn't science because there is a Nobel Prize in Physics as well as Prizes in other sciences too. I marvel at how some here are able to nit pick anything, even info I never wrote in order to condemn me personally as if I'm the author of it. And these same people will claim to be objective observers. It's laughable really which is why it is useless to even attempt to debate such people who don't debate facts but perceptions.
You would have to know the truth before you could even recognize a lie TQ, so your opinion is meaningless. But ramble on if it makes you feel important. emoticon_xgood
There you go again. Just because you constantly lie, evade, whine, insult and bray does not mean everyone does it. I've asked you quite a few times already to give me any example of where I lied. You have yet to do so. Keep on lying Archie. Lie for god.  Just as the dems do to avoid facing what they are, you accuse me of being exactly what you are. You see TQ, if you can't recognize the lies you tell then me pointing them out to you isn't going to convince you of anything. All you can do is take someone's opinion whom you disagree with and then accuse them of lying. If you had the truth within you or the intellect to know the difference, you wouldn't have to manipulate and misrepresent the truth in order to feel like you're winning something here.  I really set myself up and make myself vulnerable to the type of cowardly debating you and lyte participate in around here because I am up front about what i believe. Now just watch the way you respond to this post by twisting what I am saying by interpreting it as if I am saying something totally different. As I said, you don't debate facts but create perception with which to demonize your opposition. It is a disingenuous and dishonest way of debating which is why i make the points I want to make with you but refuse to go back and forth with your manipulations and distortions of what I said, or intended to say. THAT IS WHAT MAKES YOU AND YOUR ILK PHILOSOPHICAL COWARDS. emoticon_rolleyes
As I thought. When told to put up or shut up, Archie whines that he's the only truthful one around, we just try and twist what he says. All he had to do is find one example of me lying, and he can't do it.   Again, he projects his own inadequacies on everyone else, not realizing that he is in fact the lying coward.   Absolutely pathetic.  It's about time for Archie to abandon this thread too, as he's been called on his BS. Watch him flee, and expect his next "All Canadians are XXXXXX" post in the "entertainment" thread  Well someone has to be big enough to walk away from your infantile accusations, rants and senseless arguing TQ. So when as the only adult here I do walk away, you again will claim to have won something like only a school yard bully would when someone walks away from a fight. So tell me, what prize are you winning? What victory have you attained? Only in your small mind, and based on your poor self image are you winning anything here in your attacks against me. But have at it TQ, I enjoy seeing you belittle yourself so consistently. ;)
As predicted, not one shred of evidence for his claims of my dishonesty. Just some more insults as he runs for the door.   All you had to do was post one single solitary example of me being dishonest, but you couldn't do it.  Thanks for the advice TQ, but your baiting isn't going to draw me into once again going down to your level and continuing to wallow in the mud with you. We both know that you will just end up calling me a liar again as will your faithful lapdog. Neither of you have anything more in your arsenal than that to offer in a debate.
Telling you to back up your claims is "baiting"?  Absolutely unbelievable. People like you are a pathetic waste.  Every response you make is a bait in order to further your attack on me and anyone else you disagree with TQ. If I make my point you will simply twist it around and lie about what I actually meant as you distort what I intended to say. You are a manipulator of the truth with no actual concept of what it is. Do you not understand it when i said you create perceptions based on your own distorted and corrupted reality without concerning yourself with what is right or true in the real World?   That is why I make the points I want to make with you but refuse to go back and forth answering to how you take my arguments and distort them by misinterpreting what I originally said. You are a disingenuous boor in other words. Can you comprehend that? Now I know you will say that is an insult, but it isn't. It is just an honest criticism because I really love you deep down inside. :xbanghead emoticon_xgood
OK, you seem to be operating on a different plane of reality from me, so let me put this simply:  BACK UP WHAT YOU SAY  You say I lie-show us a post where I lied.  That's just one example. If you want to post on a debate board, BACK UP WHAT YOU SAY. If you can't, then the person who called you on it is not dishonest. They are not "a disingenuous boor". They are not "a manipulator of the truth"  Now, are you going to do it? Can you actually provide proof that Electrolyte and/or I lie? Or are you just going to squirm some more while you toss out insults? Oh, but they're not insults because you're a "christian", right?  Put up or shut up time Archie.    There it is again-it's projection, it's ironic, it's hypocritical. We have to coin a word for this already. How bout "archiemoron"?  I'm not going to do anything you tell me to do TQ. You know why? For two reasons. One, because I don't take orders from you and 2, because it's something you want me to do as a spring board for more manipulations and attacks.   You know how dishonest your debating style is yet you do it anyway, so don't even imply that anything I post will accomplish anything more than give you more to twist and manipulate. Don't you get it TQ, I'm saying straight out that attempting to reason with you is a waste of my time. Get that through your head and then finally we might just agree on something.
There we go folks, third times the charm. Any time Archie is prompted to back up his claims, he refuses for the above stated reasons. He can't actually back up anything he's called on, so he refuses to do so because "you're not the boss of me", and because "you're trying to twist and manipulate, and you're dishonest to boot". If this wasn't so damn pathetic, it would be funny.  Go away Archie, let the big people talk now  3rd time? This is the seventh round of this childish volley of insults, so you go away TQ, and learn how to count. What is really pathetic is your feeble attempt to blame me for your attacks and trolling. That's another example of your intellectual cowardice that I was talking about earlier. Wont you ever get it? emoticon_ic emoticon_frazzled
I dont think that that human species could create some thing new with human   that is not going to happen today and in the future to come...
Whatever, people losing jobs for saying they beleive in intellegent design. Good?emoticon_xgood Bad?:xbanghead emoticon_confused
Bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!emoticon_xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead emoticon_mad emoticon_mad emoticon_mad emoticon_mad emoticon_mad emoticon_angry emoticon_angry
The ugly reality of life in America today regarding the secular humanist Left is that they support free speech as long as you agree with them. If you disagree with them, you are branded as a religious zealot who's determined to take their rights away. What they don't want you to ever realize is that it is they who are tearing at the traditions and customs that America was built upon and gained us the respect of the World at large. And it is their corruption of the morals and values America once represented that is the cause of so much hatred and disrespect from the rest of the World today.  So thanks to the liberal immoral left, we are seen as the moral evil of the World. Not because of the Religious Right as the Left would have you believe.
Whatever, people lying by saying that they lost their jobs because they said they believe in Intelligent Design? Good? Bad? Utterly predictable?  http://www.expelledexposed.com/index.php/the-truth  I'll let you know to what extent the movie documents it. I'm off to see it in a few. :)
What a crock. I find myself loving when you go on and on so that I can continue to wail on you with the Truth Stick of No Mercy.   Talk about a crock! How can you wail on anyone with your imaginary truth stick of no mercy when you wouldn't know the truth if you tripped over it? And you going ballistic like this just proves the exact point I made in that you'll allow my free speech until I say something you disagree with and then you attack me to shut me up. Which is exactly what I said above that precipitated your childish tirade. See?    The ugly reality of life in America today regarding the secular humanist Left is that they support free speech as long as you agree with them.  No, you're branded as a religious zealot when you make arguments that people who don't share your exact beliefs should have their rights taken away.  The problem you are left with lyteboy, is that I didn't try to do that at all. See?    If you disagree with them, you are branded as a religious zealot who's determined to take their rights away. So try actually responding to the points I'm making rather than just making up stuff to attack me over.  Liberals were responsible for things like abolition of slavery and women's suffrage that overturned the oh-so-traditional status quo.   WOW, and you claim to be a teacher? No matter our kids have the lowest scores in the World. Didn't you know that it was the democratic south that started the civil war to fight against the abolition of slavery? And didn't you know that it was the democratic party that fought hardest against the 1964 civil rights act? Until Johnson finally submitted a watered down bill compared to the Republican bill due to political and public pressure?   The main cause of so much hate and disrespect is the phony war we're fighting and our tactics in violation of international law, our attitude of superiority in the world, and our outright bullying of others, all of which are being pushed the most by -- you guessed it -- not liberals.  Wrong again sherlock. All of this animosity is after the fact to why radical islam considers our christian Nation to be hypocritical due to the exporting of our pop culture of hedonistic sexual and moral depravity. That was why they signed fatwas against us originally. It is the abortions, gay marriage and our women walking around half naked that caused that lack of respect to occur. And you can thank the immoral left for that contribution to Americas image. It was the Left that coined the phrase, "If it feels good, do it," Not the Right.  Archie's projection complex strikes again! Pretty much, we can take whatever Archie says and know that the truth is the precise opposite.  Sure you do emoticon_xdonno . Because like any reprobate, what is wrong, is right to you; and what is right, is wrong to you. So of course you consider anything i believe to be wrong. emoticon_xdonno But just so my original statement isn't lost to your attack, here it is again so it can be clearly interpreted without your tainted condemnation.  Archangel The ugly reality of life in America today regarding the secular humanist Left is that they support free speech as long as you agree with them. If you disagree with them, you are branded as a religious zealot who's determined to take their rights away. What they don't want you to ever realize is that it is they who are tearing at the traditions and customs that America was built upon and gained us the respect of the World at large. And it is their corruption of the morals and values America once represented that is the cause of so much hatred and disrespect from the rest of the World today.  So thanks to the liberal immoral left, we are seen as the moral evil of the World. Not because of the Religious Right as the Left would have you believe.
Good, you can address the claims made here, too.  ETA: Also see how the movie's version lines up with the information here regarding Sternberg.  Yes, panic attacks are sparking many very long winded rants.   I can see why some reviews have called it "important" and "powerful". It was very good, not a comedy as some may attempt to describe it. It had a little of Ben Stein's mysteriousness and humor to it, but it was generally serious, and some may say, depressing. It was nice to see the people whose writings I had seen on the net, but had never seen speak before or even a picture of - Myers, Ruse, Berlinski, etc.   I'll address the six points from your first link, that's all I have time for tonight.   1) Nitpicking. The movie wasn't attempting to link euginics and the holocaust to Darwin himself nearly as much as it was showing its relationship with Darwinism in general.   I don't think linking Darwinism and societal atrocities are an unprovoked first assertion. It's a response to atheists/evolutionists who constantly link religion with societal atrocities.   2) Informed viewers of Expelled might NOT think Stein was giving speeches on college campuses, if they had any knowledge of "speech codes" and other games played in todays universities to keep conservatives out. When I saw that scene, I sure didn't think it was a college campus. I didn't give much thought to where it was, but it was no crime to stage it. It is a movie, after all.   3) Crying that they didn't know what they were being interviewed for? If they'd have known, would they have refused to participate, or lied about something?   4) Yes, there are all kinds of long winded rants about all the details of how the ID proponents were being treated perfectly fair. It's up to anyone who actually watched the movie to decide if these people just weren't intelligent enough to make the grade, while ALL the Ward Churchill's of the academic world seldom seem to have any problems.   5) ....Expelled frequently repeats that design-based explanations (not to mention religious ones) are "forbidden" by "big science." It never explains why, however. Evolution and the rest of "big science" are just described as having an atheistic preference.   HELLO!! THAT'S WHY!! Then we see the standard dance of how innocent and objective science really is.   6) And the standard "theistic evolution" dance. Atheistic evolutionists can't get along without it! I wonder if Kenneth Miller will see the movie, and comment on it. I wonder if he'd have refused to be a part of it.
Go see this movie, AA.
Go see this movie, AA.  I wouldn't miss it. emoticon_xagree emoticon_smile
WHAT?!  Did they edit the part out from the pre-screening version where Berlinski literally says that Darwinism was a necessary condition for the Holocaust? That means that were it not for Darwin, the Holocaust would not have happened.   Like I said, Darwinism, not Darwin personally. Purposelessness. Random mutation, natural (mindless) selection. Some people favored by mindless chance to become superior to others. Not "all men are created equal".   That's not just Berlinski talking, either. Ben Stein thought this was serious enough to warrant a visit to Dachau. Mark Mathis thought it was such a brilliant way of putting things that he told us during the pre-screening Q&A that he agreed with it. An entire third of the movie is devoted to "relating" Darwin to the Holocaust and eugenics. Meanwhile, the film is spliced from beginning to end with black and white footage of Soviet and German oppression.   I don't remember if it was in the movie or some internet link I saw, but someone said that Hitlers 'Mein Kampf' showed influence of Darwinism.   But as I said above;  I don't think linking Darwinism and societal atrocities are an unprovoked first assertion. It's a response to atheists/evolutionists who constantly link religion with societal atrocities.   Reducing religion to a very small, irrelevant realm, socially and politically, was put forward by just about every atheist/evolutionist interviewed in the movie.
So any long publication must be due to a panic attack? It takes a few minutes to read those posts, but it takes an hour and a half to watch Expelled; does that mean that IDers are having the mother of all panic attacks? Your logic can't even be described as "tortured," marc, because it's completely nonexistent.   Well no, it takes longer than just a "few minutes" to read Dawkins rant alone (that you linked) about the movie. When that's combined with all the other links you and your helpers posted, plus all the further rabbit trail links associated with them, all the reading could take longer than an hour and a half, even for a very fast reader.   Irrelevant. Even if we assume that accusations of religion's negative influence are misplaced, two wrongs don't make a right. Either Darwinism and social atrocities are related, or they are not.   It's not a black and white issue, it's a worldview thing. Even the most highly intelligent random mutations and mindless natural selection winners like you and Dawkins aren't allowed to make that determination for all of us more unlucky monkey decendents. Neither was Hitler.      Frankly whether they are has nothing to do with whether evolutionary theory is true or whether science expels dissenting opinion. The topic is completely tangential to the alleged point of the movie, which is because the movie is pure propaganda intended to dupe people like marc into thinking that these issues are topical.   If you won't watch the movie, there's not much to discuss with you. You seem to know about as much about it as you know about what paper Collin signed. One thing you constantly make clear, you make a lot of guesses, and make them look very positive.   The classic example is: gravity makes countless people fall to their deaths every year. This isn't an example of one Holocaust-like instance of mass death; no, this is continual, yet nobody has made a fuss about it in the scientific community. This is because scientists are evil and out to destroy dissenters by letting gravity do the dirty work. We must dispel this mythical gravity idea as pseudoscience and replace it in schools with Intelligent Falling theory. emoticon_rolleyes   These kind of childish, sarcasitic examples that are put fourth by those who claim to be in education are a big help in calling attention to this political problem.    1) You think that most viewers of the movie will be informed? You sure as hell weren't until you came back and read a link that you wouldn't have read on your own. 2) Presenting the scenario as if Stein were addressing an actual audience when the "audience" is composed of virtually nothing but stand-ins is dishonest no matter which way you slice it. To say that it's okay to be misleading because it's a movie just backs up the point that we've been making all along. These people aren't interested in presenting truth; it's all about propagandism.   Just have to fight fire with fire. After all, evolution is a slippery word. Atheists are constantly telling us that Catholics are in full agreement with them about evolution.    Some of them know (from experience, because many nutjob anti-evolutionists are positively dishonest -- like Mathis & Co.) that statements have to be phrased carefully for at least one of (at least) two reasons: First, these people know a sh*tload less about the technicalities than the interviewers do; second, words may be chosen more carefully to try to prevent snippets being used out of context. You can see both in this instance, with the explanation of one postulation involving crystals and Dawkins referring to the ultimate Darwinian development of any theoretical panspermia initiators (which got cut off to be spun into a ridiculous quote mine).   It's not really all that complicated. They simply wouldn't have spoken their minds about the harm they believe religion does, and how strongly they feel about combating it. That's what it appears they were angry about. That's the lovely thing about truth, sometimes it just slips out all by itself!   Notice that nowhere here do you address the claims and evidence -- which the movie apparently lacks -- about the assertions of "the expelled."   I didn't take an audio recorder, and record every word spoken by the people who were victims of discrimination. What they said was convincing. But you'll never watch it, so you'll never know.   Trying to deflect attention from your inability to respond substantively won't fly with us; these guys are fudging the stories and sharing only selected pieces in a specific attempt to hide what really happened. For what it's worth, I feel a hell of a lot more vulnerable as an atheist in my profession and location than IDers should feel in research and teaching academia.   Don't worry, you have the ACLU on your side.    HOLY SH*T, marc. You're doing EXACTLY WHAT THE REVIEW SAYS YOU PEOPLE DO. You're making the claim without giving any explanation. "OMG TEH SCEINCES IS ATHIESTIC BECUZ THEY JUST AER!!"  No, because Dawkins, Provine, Myers, and others say it in the movie. emoticon_idea   Thanks for making it extremely clear. Refuting a point by demonstrating it isn't very effective. Seriously, how disconnected from reality does one have to be in order to do something like this?   Not as disconnected as one has to be to sputter with rage, use four letter words, and make assertions about a movie that they have no intention of seeing.    Believe me, marc, we certainly can.   But you never DO it. Whenever the heat is on just a little bit, theistic evolution is introduced by atheists.    The fact that it damns your argument is no skin off our backs. In fact, it damns your argument so much that the producers know it. See below.   He didn't refuse because the filmmakers specifically avoided having him a part of it. (Why, because it would "confuse" the viewers.   To do with any kind of detail, it would have required the movie to be 3 or more hours long. Theistic evolution wasn't the subject of the movie. Evolution in academia was.     Of course it would confuse the viewers: Miller is disproof of the entire concept of atheistic bias in science!)   Only to atheists, not to anyone with much of a knowledge of Christianity, or to anyone who has actually read his book.    If they approached him with the lie that the project was for "Crossroads," I bet he'd have agreed. If they'd been honest and told him that it was a smearing propaganda piece... well, what do you think, oh-so-informed-viewer?   I'm waiting for you to link me to his comments on the movie, just like I'm waiting for you to get your book back so you can give me the page numbers of where he refers to his Catholic beliefs.   You must never get tired of making stupid arguments and having your points eviscerated, marc. See you tomorrow.  You're a legend in your own mind.
sorry but all are created equal, but this society says otherwise.:(
So I assume you find these guys as reliable sources of information then, right? If they say something, you find it credible then?  Let me wager a guess and say that the answer to both those question is NO. You only believe these guys cause they say something you want to hear, and most things they say you would disagree with vehemently...  These guys are influential, on future generations.   The reality is that science is SECULAR. It isn't "atheist".  Aaaand the reality is that INTELLIGENT DESIGN is secular. It isn't religious. You don't agree? Why the double standard?   I think we would both agree that science just plain cannot make any definitive (or real) conclusions about the existence or non-existence of God. That doesn't stop SOME PEOPLE from taking science and abusing what it is for THEIR OWN ENDS. Much like Fred Phelps or Hitler or Osama do with religion.  You don't believe "Dawkins, Provine, Myers, and others" on a long list of atheistic statements they make, so why do you do so when it comes to their claim of "science" being "atheistic"?   Again, because they are influential on future generations. They seem to be influential on faculty political decisions in universities, as well.
But the discussion isn't about the ideas of the Enlightenment. The equality of all men was an idea that was adopted by the Founding Fathers of this society, contrary to the teachings of the christian churches. It is a political idea, not a religious or spiritual one, that all men have equal rights before the law. That has never been a teaching of either christianity or biology.  I created this and i was just saying somethingemoticon_mad emoticon_mad emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill
ID proposes that Goddidit.   No, it does not. It doesn't specify any certain designer.   That's not a scientific endpoint as it says there is no quantifiable answer... Science is areligious/agnostic, in that it seeks no supernatural answer and has no stance on the existance of God.   There is mounting evidence that those who practice it, use it to take a stance against the existance of God.   If you conflate the meanings of areligious/agnostic and atheistic then your mistake is understandable, but still wrong...  And if you conflate the meanings of "search for design" vs "designer"..........
this is interesting could some one help me provide evidence af creationism? i have some but help is appreciated
No. Sorry. There is no "evidence af creationism." Creationism is an unsupported belief based on the mythology of bronze age, nomadic herdsmen. Only the very ignorant believe that it is history.  Only pseudo intellectual, atheistic elitists make such unsubstantiated claims without supporting their claims with evidence pandion. Which explains your bold but unsupported statement. emoticon_rolleyes   http://www.halos.com/
You have ignored the evidence. How can two different creation stories both be the absolute truth. Have you ever actually read the Bible? I think not.  So what you're saying is that you will insist that there's no objective scientific evidence that supports the Young Earth Account, but when it is presented for your consideration as requested, you will not only completely ignore it, but change the subject. So no comment on this evidence? http://www.halos.com/ After all, you made the absolute statement that there is no evidence for Creationism AT ALL! Now back up your claim if you can, or at least refute my claim that there is evidence of the creation account.    No. Sorry. There is no "evidence af creationism." Creationism is an unsupported belief based on the mythology of bronze age, nomadic herdsmen. Only the very ignorant believe that it is history.  And you know what else pandion? Those were some very sophisticated nomadic herdsmen to have written something that has not only survived humanities complete history, but has remained the most important book to more people than any other book that has ever been written. That's some pretty impressive nomads, dontya know!!! :)
Have you ever even heard of www.google.com?  http://www.google.ca/search?hl=en&q=polonium+haloes&btnG=Google+Search&meta=  Sure, and here's a rebuttal to your talk origins piece.   http://creationwiki.org/Polonium_haloes_indicate_a_young_earth 1. Polonium forms from the alpha decay of radon, which is one of the decay products of uranium. Since radon is a gas, it can migrate through small cracks in the minerals. The fact that Po-haloes are found only associated with uranium (the parent mineral for producing radon) supports this conclusion, as does the fact that such haloes are commonly found along cracks. The fact that all three forms of Polonium are part of the uranium decay chain and that the haloes are only found in association with uranium has caused some creationists to question Gentry's conclusion. However only 210Po haloes are found along such cracks. 210Po has longest half life (138 days) of the Po isotopes involved in these haloes. Reference: Polonium Radiohalos: Still "A Very Tiny Mystery" by Andrew Snelling, ICR Impact #326. Aug 1, 2000 2. The biotite in which Gentry obtained some of his samples (Fission Mine and Silver Crater locations) was not from granite, but from a calcite dike. The biotite formed metamorphically as minerals in the walls of the dike migrated into the calcite. Biotite from the Faraday Mine came from a granite pegmatite which intruded a paragneiss which formed from highly metamorphosed sediments. Thus all of the locations Gentry examined show evidence of an extensive history predating the formation of the micas; they show an appearance of age older than the three minutes his polonium halo theory allows. It is possible God created this appearance of age, but that reduces Gentry's argument to the omphalos argument, for which evidence is irrelevant. While Talk Origins may have a point here, it needs to be noted the alleged evidence for extensive history assumes uniformitarian geology. Because of this fact, this response adds up to: Your theory doesn't work under my theory, so your theory is wrong.  And this is your measure of what makes something true? Well then, the Epic of Gilgamesh, The Illiad, and The Oddysey must also be true by that reasoning. They've survived just as long, and are still being studied to this day for their insights into those ancient cultures.  If you can show how literally billions of people today live their lives according to the principles in those books, then you'll have a valid point. Until then your argument is totally fallacious and off topic because those are poems and stories, but in no way considered sacred texts.
How many times does this sort of #### have to be debunked. Some creationist dupe posts it on the internet and others just keep posting it and reposting it, never bothering to actually learn the physics or to look into it any farther than some creationist hack. A person would have to be pretty dumb to continue to make claims about polonium halos and still not be aware of why.  Gee pandion, you sound frustrated. Rather than refute the evidence, you just complain that it exists and attack the opposition for daring to post info that you can't refute in any absolute way.   Now you know how frustrating it is for me when you post your shallow pseudo science in response to the truth of Gods Word. :p
your own quoted article states that your source is wrong, and then goes on to say basically that since they don't like the accepted geological explanation, they won't pay it any mind.   The reason for Pandion's frustration is that this is a PRATT argument.  My article say's this. it needs to be noted the alleged evidence for extensive history assumes uniformitarian geology. Because of this fact, this response adds up to: Your theory doesn't work under my theory, so your theory is wrong. Of course you don't want to consider that fact, do you?
So then, you admit that you are pretty dumb since you posted the polonium PRATT without even having the integrity to investigate and to learn that is is a load. Thanks for that. I figured you weren't too bright a long time ago and now you admit it.  Ah, I admit nothing of the sort, because I have posted defending support of it. That's what has you so riled. I mean, just because you evolutionists demand that creationists back up every bit of evidence that you can't refute with multiple sources, it doesn't mean we have to jump through those hoops. Id prefer it if you would just disprove it as absolutely as you claim that evo has all the answers.
No. Sorry. There is no "evidence af creationism." Creationism is an unsupported belief based on the mythology of bronze age, nomadic herdsmen. Only the very ignorant believe that it is history. thhere is plenty of evidence if you want some try here http://www.answersingenesis.org/creation/v22/i1/creation.asp and look other places for yourself. You have ignored the evidence. How can two different creation stories both be the absolute truth. Have you ever actually read the Bible? I think not. yes I have there are not two different creation stories one is a reitteration of the other read it again emoticon_rolleyes
What a crock. I find myself loving when you go on and on so that I can continue to wail on you with the Truth Stick of No Mercy. It's usually you who is responsible for shutting yourself up.   No, you're branded as a religious zealot when you make arguments that people who don't share your exact beliefs should have their rights taken away.   Liberals were responsible for things like abolition of slavery and women's suffrage that overturned the oh-so-traditional status quo. Now we're working toward death with dignity for the terminally ill, reasonable gun control, access to abortion and contraception (without sparking the ire of fundy parents and community members)... are these things that are despised by the rest of the world? No, but things like slavery, sexism, rampant crime, and politicization of private issues are.   The main cause of so much hate and disrespect is the phony war we're fighting and our tactics in violation of international law, our attitude of superiority in the world, and our outright bullying of others, all of which are being pushed the most by -- you guessed it -- not liberals.   No, Archie, you and your boys can take the blame for that one.  Archie's projection complex strikes again! Pretty much, we can take whatever Archie says and know that the truth is the precise opposite.  Don't be too sure of yourself because he's said a lot more truthful things in his life than you could hope to say. also your "science" is scissors, glue, and tape. no proof of it exists if the earth was millions of years old than there would be no fossils of dinosaurs and people and don't say preseservative because they don't last that long ill let you think about that
I've said more truth on this forum alone than you could ever hope to comprehend. Of course, overwhelming your comprehension probably isn't hard at all, so perhaps that's not saying much. To say that Archie has a better track record with the truth here than do I is pretty much admitting that you haven't been following along, can't read, or are delusional as Archie is. I won't rule out a combination.   Which is why your computer doesn't work, right? emoticon_rolleyes  Okay, I won't say "preseservative," whatever the hell that is. (I can't say I'm impressed with what you think passes for literacy.) Fossils aren't bones; there are fossils of dinos and fossils of hominids, but not together. Plus, you can't refute multiple independent radioactive date correlations, millions of varves, millions of annual ice layers, plate tectonics, ferrimagnetic pattern reversals...   Ah, see, that's the thing. I think about it enough to understand it. Clearly, you don't. You don't understand a damn thing.  you dont know what a fricken preservative is! it's something that makes something else last a long time (but not millions of years) by the way my computer works fine!emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill delusional??!? that's what someone who knows hardly anything (what's 2+2 don't answere i already know what you'd say "darwin") about science darwin refuted his theory when he died so why do you still follow after it?i meant your evolution cr@p is scissors tape and glue!!!! emoticon_xkill  Truth??! oh my gosh from you where i haven't seen any.emoticon_rolleyes
Oh, I know what a preservative is. But you didn't say "preservative." You said "preseservative."   But science is responsible for the development of your computer. If science doesn't work, neither would your computer.   Ah, so you have a degree in science like I do? What kind?   "Refuted"? Well, I guess we'd already established that you're nearly illiterate. And no, Darwin didn't recant when he died. Even if he had, we've gathered so much supporting evidence since Darwin's time that a recantation wouldn't matter.   Yeah, pandion already addressed this. Don't blame me if you can't understand.    That's because you can't read.  (Psst: You'll have to ease up on the pretending to be a dolt to make creationists look bad, because the idiocy you're displaying is too laughable to be believable.)  If I can't read then how am I still responding to your Cr@p!?!
Preservatives have nothing to do with the fossilization process. Preservatives are chemical compounds created to preserve meat or they are chemical compounds used to preserve material. Fossils are frequently treated with epoxy, which is a resin (sp?) not a preservative...  Please don't try the 'fossils aren't old' argument. You will get fried, and I'm too tired to argue with another fundie. The data is out there, if you deign to read it...  Maybe you're naive enough to believe that soft tissue will survive 70 million years under the environmental and geological pressures they must go through in that incredible period of time, but I'm not. I believe a discovery like this one irrefutably proves that the dating methods of these fossils are terribly flawed and unreliable. I don't believe any bones could ever survive 70 million years under the best of circumstances and the best evidence of this is mans attempts at preserving bodies over the past 5000 years and the fragile state of mummies that were placed in shielded sarcophagi.   Just take a preserved mummy and drop it in a hole and tell me how it will fare after getting ground up through 70 million years of Earth upheavals, floods, and environmental and ecological changes.   http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/03/0324_050324_trexsofttissue.html  Now consider this theory as explained in this video and see how, if true, it would affect the theories you base your World view on.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjgidAICoQI
Point 1: I thought you were a YEC? If you contenance the idea of 70 million years you might not be as daft as I thought....  I am a YECer, so don't change your superior opinion of me just yet. I don't want anyone thinking that you and I think alike at all. I offer the 70 million year age based on the claims of the article I posted only, not on my beliefs at all.  Point 2: The point is that it is not the original soft tissues that survive. They are always replaced my minerals which are much better at resisting geological stress.  This is only partially true based on your link, and completely irrelevant since Some regions of the demineralized bone matrix are highly fibrous, and the matrix possesses elasticity and resilience. If the soft tissue was replaced by minerals as you imply, then the possibility of retrieving DNA wouldn't exist, nor would the matrix be elastic and resilient.  Soft-Tissue Vessels and Cellular Preservation in Tyrannosaurus rex Mary H. Schweitzer,1,2,3* Jennifer L. Wittmeyer,1 John R. Horner,3 Jan K. Toporski4 Soft tissues are preserved within hindlimb elements of Tyrannosaurus rex (Museum of the Rockies specimen 1125). Removal of the mineral phase reveals transparent, flexible, hollow blood vessels containing small round microstructures that can be expressed from the vessels into solution. Some regions of the demineralized bone matrix are highly fibrous, and the matrix possesses elasticity and resilience. Three populations of microstructures have cell-like morphology. Thus, some dinosaurian soft tissues may retain some of their original flexibility, elasticity, and resilience. Point 3: Argument from personal incredulity. Just because your mind is limited, stop imposing it on the rest of us....  It's more than personal incredulity Gazza, it's common sense also, but why would I expect you to get that? Lay a piece of steel, or a thousand pieces of steel in any part of the world, and in 70 million years nothing will remain of it. If steel wont make it, neither will bone, much less soft tissue. I don't care how many scientists make a ridiculous claim, that doesn't make their claim anymore rational. Your problem, like all pseudo intellectuals is that you believe this stuff just because someone you think is intelligent tells you that it's right or true. You don't have the common sense or discernment to see through the smoke and mirrors to understand that those scientists don't know any more than you do in reality.  I did consider that, and then fell off my chair laughing. The guy is a nutter who seems to be conviced for no evident reason that subduction does not occur. Never mind the fact that it fits observed data, or that a changing size of planet would result in gradually increasing force of gravity, playing havoc with observed natural processes....  Of course you did. Because anything that doesn't fit with your world view is rejected out of hand. And yet you accuse me of being close minded. And he did offer evidence for his claims, next time turn the volume up and listen to it.   And I realize none of this is definitively provable, but neither is the cr*p you spew. The bottom line is though, when all is said and done in life regarding these questions, I will most definitely be proven right and you will find that your faith in science and intellectualism was seriously misplaced.
Actually, there is no possibility to retrieve any DNA since none exists in any of the samples. They did recover several short peptides, each only a few amino acids long. Everything else was replaced by minerals.  Learn, then speak.  I stand by my statement. It is you who is nitpicking considering we are discussing 68-70 million year old bones ALLEGEDLY. They extracted viable and testable material otherwise this wouldn't have been a story of interest to anyone at all.    In a related study, a team led by Mary Higby Schweitzer of North Carolina State University conducted tests that also revealed the presence of collagen in the T. rex remains.  In one experiment, antibodies that normally react in the presence of chicken collagen reacted strongly to the dinosaur protein, suggesting a similar molecular identity.  For the protein sequencing study, Asara's team isolated seven fragmentary chains of amino acids&#8212;the building blocks of proteins&#8212;from the T. rex specimen.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2007/04/070412-dino-tissues.html  So pandion, learn, then speak.  And by the way, i'm not the only sceptic regarding this discovery. Evolutionary anthropologists agree that for such material to last more than a million years is incredible to say the least.  One self-proclaimed skeptic is Christina Nielsen-Marsh, an expert on ancient bone proteins at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany.  "I would love it to be true," she said of the new T. rex findings. "But I do have serious doubts. I know of no other research group that has been able to extract&#8212;let alone sequence&#8212;indigenous proteins from fossils older than a million years.  "Based on what we presently understand, these T. rex sequences make no sense at all," Nielsen-Marsh said.  "That doesn't mean they are wrong. But if they are right, then we all need to rethink how molecules survive in the geological environment."  Schweitzer and her collaborators, including paleontologist John Horner of Montana State University, agree that their discovery should prompt such a rethinking, which could lead to changes in how fieldwork is conducted. Regarding the bolded above, What amazes me about such seemingly intelligent people is that they will rethink how molecules survive in the geological environment rather than consider that their dating techniques are irreparably flawed and the T-Rex isn't anywhere near 70 million years old. That is the only rational explanation for this evidence.
What amazes me-- no, nothing amazes me about you, Archie. What's not amazing to me at all is that you expect scientists to look at one interesting occurrence and -- instead of analyzing what we've thought to be true -- throw out all of the data we have that confirms radiometric dating's accuracy and geologic time scales. This is like punching "2+2=" into a calculator and getting "4" ten thousand times, then getting a "0" once due to a strange anomaly and declaring that we have sufficient reason to disbelieve that four is the correct answer.  Your analogy fails on all levels as usual. And it isn't even rational because nothing about evo has been proven absolutely at all, which means it's all just wishful thinking on your part, which I've been patiently explaining to you forever now, it seems.   I mean, you're acting like tons of 70 million year old fossils have given testing results and I'm saying this one destroys that track record because it doesn't. That would be a valid analogy. But for you to scream at me in your usual condescending fashion as if your high school teaching job makes you a superior intellect, and insist that the evidence for evo is overwhelmingly in your favor simply proves how deluded you are.  After all, I didn't just post my opinion, but the opinion of an evolutionary anthropologist who also believes it impossible by a factor of 70. I repeat for your edification:  "I would love it to be true," she said of the new T. rex findings. "But I do have serious doubts. I know of no other research group that has been able to extract-let alone sequence-indigenous proteins from fossils older than a million years.  "Based on what we presently understand, these T. rex sequences make no sense at all," Nielsen-Marsh said. 
Of course she has doubts, any scientist would do, especially so when their results are unique, because that immediately begs the question "are we mistaken?"  You, on the other hand have immutable certainty, in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary.  By all means, post this overwhelming evidence to the contrary that my God exists. I challenge you to produce it right now. And then in your infinite wisdom, explain how genetic material can survive an alleged 70 million years. You then must explain how that bone lasted 70 million years without the complete fossilization process being completed in it? That's the only way any genetic material could survive you know, if the bone was never completely fossilized. I quote from my link above:  Ancient collagen-the main protein component of bone-has been extracted from the remains of a 68-million-year-old Tyrannosaurus rex, according to two new reports.  The new studies provide strong support for the hotly debated claims that organic material previously extracted from the T. rex's leg bone is original dinosaur soft tissue that somehow escaped fossilization.  So can you explain that genius? 70 million years under ground without being fossilized? And remember that my source is Nat Geo, not some creationist site that you would just dismiss as ignorant christian rants.
Because....  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/dinosaur/flesh.html http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CC/CC371.html  Nothing you presented suggests that dating is wrong. The only thing that it suggests is that the method for organic material survival is not uniform and that conditions we haven't thought about either internally or externally can effect their survival.  Take your evolution apologist claptrap and shove it child. I wont even click on that bunk until you will accept what I post from AIG.
You don't seem to understand where he's coming from, AA. We reject AIG because it is demonstrably false. You post an AIG article, and we show how it's bullocks.  You on the other hand simply reject sources from the other side because they're from the other side. As is the case here, you didn't even try to look at it.  "It's from a site run by evolutionists, therefore it must be false" is a pretty pathetic fallacy.  No collin, both sites are dedicated to their respective missions. For every article you post from TO, AIG has an answer for and vice versa, so the two sites cancel each other out. Child posts that cr*p so confidently as if he's actually contributing something to the debate, and TO is absolutely flawlessly right without question. And I obviously reject that rationale out of hand.  For example, explain this contradiction between two allegedly reliable and consistent sources of info regarding the same issue. Here   In one experiment, antibodies that normally react in the presence of chicken collagen reacted strongly to the dinosaur protein, suggesting a similar molecular identity.  AND THIS:  Schweitzer and colleagues independently used a variety of chemical and molecular tests to identify the preserved collagen.  And yet your ultra scientific TO said this about the same T Rex case.  The main Science article appears as a fairly straightforward report that when the mineral component of a tyrannosaur femur was removed, there remained an organic mass with characters similar to those found in ostrich bone. Schweitzer et al believe they have recovered material that represented osteocytes, blood cells, and vessels. They state, "The vessels and contents are similar in all respects to blood vessels recovered from extant ostrich bone."  So why such inconsistency regarding the type of foul? Can't they get any more accurate than that? After all, the genetic material they're comparing the T-Rex results to are contemporary and known to us. So why do two scientific sources contradict each other based on the same science and scientific results? Where's the lack of communication within the community? I mean, if Schweitzer et al is putting out chicken proteins, why is TO getting Ostrich results from that?
