I don't ever belong to any religion, I've studied bible this book for 12 years, 6 years in christian school and another 6 years in catholic school. And some days later after school, I have had at least 10 years time in my life so believe in God , I swear I was !  My mom died in Jan 2000, I was so sad and I still miss her so much till now. I began to read bible again after my mom's death cos I really hope that I could meet my mom again in my next life so that I could do something to return to my mom. I hope that I could find if there's any hints about that in bible.  This time I read the bible, damn it, I found that bible is just a common fairy tales book only, oh, no!!! .......I found that there's no GOD !!!   I was fool for so many years by this bible , damn it !!!  That dosen't matter that I was fool but I was so hurt, you know, I really hope that there's GOD in our life !!!
kelvin90701, thank you !!!
Originally posted by Tim  So you say that God is fake? How about considering the arguments for God's existence on this website?http://home.clear.net.nz/pages/bryanp/Other/atheis1.htm    emoticon_rolleyes   The Ontological argument? Seriously?  Those strawmen concerning atheism, question-begging and non-sequiturs weren't too shabby either.
i am deeply sorry for your loss; i know not what it feels to lose a parent but i can tell you; i have lost many a family members.  i too (like you) wasted much time reading the bible and devoting my life to "god". i started questioning early (about 6th grade). i came to realize that most of the things i learned in my christian school were false.  i asked my bible teacher why we had to go by the bible and not make up our own reasoning of god; i was shut down, yelled at, and they sent home a disaplinary referal form (trouble). they tell me what to believe.  i couldn't believe in the bible. even as a child i saw through the fairy tales. giants, people living hundreds of years, water to wine, a talking snake, parting of the red sea, etc.  admit the truth and set yourself free.
Mehhh.... You probably went to a Catholic school.  methodist   Like I said, Catholic school. Or it could be that you're like 80 years old or something, because nowadays, if you talk about God or the Bible, then you don't get in trouble, you get criticized and made-fun-of, not only by your peers, but also by teachers.  btw, i'm 17... well, 18... (almost yay!)  bullsh*t. you do get critized for tlaking about god... any other god other than the christian god that is.   Well, I wasn't an fortunate as you. It took me a few years to see through the fairy tale of evolution and see that God was the only true creator. However, that is a whole 'nother topic.  um, yeah, you could say that... (won't argue... left up to the evolution board)  Yeah, free to do whatever you want without worrying about the consequences. The joy of a life without believing in God.  that's right, i don't want ANOTHER parental figure to tell me what to do, when to do it, and how to do it.
I was Christian for a great deal of time, read the Bible every night for near a decade. And no, I wasn't "catholic" as you say, I eventually gave up denominations, because Paul had said that there were to be no divisions in the church (Romans or Galations I think) Then I figured, after a period of a great deal of questioning, going to Bible study every week, etc, that it was all XXXX, and if you want, I'll show you a great deal of stuff that shows that Christianity was and is truly a result of political decisions, wars, etc.  Btw, that whole girl saying she believed in god before being killed is a load of bs. The father for some reason spread it, whereas the phone off the hook or whatever just had one of the shooters say "peekaboo" and then kill her.
yeah, holding onto religion is like holding onto the ancient times. if you wish to worship a higher power, i say do it by yourself.  if, and i restate, 90% of all religion is christian, then of course the rest are considered minorities. i live on the bible belt of america, it makes it that much worse for me. i never claim to be atheist, i only tell if asked. i'm always asked though. it seems to be the 'getting to know you' sentence. "so, what religion are you?" *sigh*  like you, i always questioned my teacher... in this case, my bible teacher in school. my first question to her was "how did God make eve out of adam?" she replied, "because he's God." that didn't make much since to me then... i never got the whole 'God' thing anyway.  about that quote your teacher stated, hopw does she know whether it was symbolic or not? you know how christian are always saying "it wasn't ment LITERALLY." but when you ask about a 'good' quote, it is meant literally. i don't get it.  everyone defends what they believe in; everyone if they care.
One does not have to know everything to reject theism. Do you believe in purple unicorns on uranus? Have you -or anyone- been to uranus to check? No? Ok, I assume you believe in them then.
Sarah, none of those things prove the existance of deities. They're not even evidence.
Fortunately, your beliefs are not facts.
Everyone who isn't a strong atheist towards Thor or Zeus, raise your hand.  ... no one?  Have you ever been everywhere at once to see there's no Zeus? No? Yet you expect atheists to somehow give your deity the benefit of the doubt not afforded other gods why, exactly?   Even if there were exactly no atheological arguments (like the argument from evil, nonbelief or mind-brain dependence) we would still be perfectly justified in dismissing any unevidenced claim of disembodied minds with magical superpowers who have nothing better to do than expect human worship. ;)
You have to know everything in order to say, boldly, "There is NO God! Religious people are fools who believe in fairy tales."    Mmmmm, not necessarily. Many of the arguments of against gods (those with specific properties, not just a general diety) deal with incompatible traits, like a square circle has. One does not have to search the universe to know square circles do not exist. People state simple negatives all the time. The lack of evidence for the positive makes them reasonable.  Uranus. Is. A. Ball. Of. Gas. Genius.    What's your point? Unicorns breathe toxic gas and have low density, so they can get around all they want.
 How do you know square circles do not exist? Modern man could've named a square circle something different than it is. Ancient man could've called an object a square circle. For a question like that, you would have to search the universe to be 100% sure square circles do not exist.  think about what you just typed, that doesn't make any sense.  And God lives in Heaven, with Jesus sitting on the right side of Him.  you must be agnostic now. you see his point-of-view. you now doubt god, according to your answer.
How do you know square circles do not exist?    Because their properties are contradictory.
Based on man's opinion.    Based on their definitions. It has nothing to do with opinion. A circle cannot be a square.
Crim-    The argument had NOTHING to do with semantics, so stop twisting it.
Please. You completely ignored the idea and went straight for the words, as if changing the word 'circle' to 'squilox' would made what it represents any less contradictory with what the word 'square' represents.
god ( P ) Pronunciation Key (gd) n.  1. God 1. A being conceived as the perfect, omnipotent, omniscient originator and ruler of the universe, the principal object of faith and worship in monotheistic religions. 2. The force, effect, or a manifestation or aspect of this being. 2. A being of supernatural powers or attributes, believed in and worshiped by a people, especially a male deity thought to control some part of nature or reality. 3. An image of a supernatural being; an idol. 4. One that is worshiped, idealized, or followed: Money was their god. 5. A very handsome man. 6. A powerful ruler or despot.  this is man's definition... what if we misinterprited the definition of god, or the bible for that matter. it is man's definition. what if we don't understand the 'truth', because, according to you, we don't have the mentality to define words... they are OPINIONS. right? isn't that what you said? or is god the only exception?
I already told you, fill the holes in your arguement and maybe you wouldn't complain so much.   Could you be so kind as to point out the holes, please? Or are you going to dance around some more?
I already have. Learn to read.    I can read. You provided no holes.
habbit isn't a debater, he's a b*tcher.  btw, the reason the definition of "God" is "God" is because that is how the public percieves it... 90% of the world believes in "God".
merci... wait, i mean: thank-you.
did you know that "one plus one equals two" is a false statement because it's possible that in another language -which doesn't actually exist- that the word 'plus' means 'to subtract'?
90% of the people in the world are Christians?  putting words in my mouth again? i did not say christian, i said "God". Christian, Jewish, and Muslim all believe in the same "God".  - idiot.  i'll let Crim and Lurch respond to the others; lets not let me have all the fun.
By the way, everyone in the world believes in a God.   Nonsense. Almost a billion people are nonreligious.
Second, the majority of the world believes there is a god, and the others don't want to believe (hope there isn't) a god    How do you know if they WANT to believe in a deity? They simply don't.  they believe they themselves are the only god of their body.   please. god of their body? that's hardly equal to a supernatural deity.
and the others don't want to believe (hope there isn't) a god    You have it completely backwards. There are those who don't believe and there are those who WANT to believe and hope their beliefs are true.
i leave for a couple of days and look at all of this senseless blabber from habbit's fingertips.  i won't reply (take too long) but they are right... if you look at your answers, i see no credible evidence or facts of any kind...
ROFL. They all believe in a god but hope there isn't?  LAUGH. I spent month, after month, struggling while being a Christian, and going back and forth, because I wanted so BADLY for there to be a God.  At times I sincerely wish there were one. I found out my grandfather had cancer today. That didn't make me happy. You think I didn't hope there was a god in case he died, and sugar candy mountain for him to go to, so we could be reunited if he does die? You bet your XXX that'd make me happy.  Of course, due to extensive research, questioning, thinking, etc, I am certain beyond virtually a shadow of a doubt the Christian god does not exist. I am fairly certain no "afterlife" exists. I cannot prove the latter, though with the former, I can demonstrate some parts of the Bible which are inaccurate, and just plain wrong. I am an agnostic, simply because I cannot prove nor disprove a god.  And if I /worship/ anything, it'd be reason and thought.  And yes, I dislike Christianity, as my sig says. I find it makes a great deal of ignorant, unhappy wretches. Thats simply my opinion of it.  Oh well, you'll most likely insult me. I've not insulted you at all, so maybe you will not. Maybe I will be free from any and all insults.  Good luck and free thought to all
I'm not an Athiest (well according to that one definition thing I am a "weak Athiest") but an Agnostic. Huge difference in my opinion, but I digress.  Second, a believe in a God and Heaven is FAR easier, by FAR than any sort of skeptical thought in the matter.  And don't even go around claiming I was not what I once was. I assure you, and if you really wanted to, I can get the confirmation records, etc.  As for the afterlife, you are correct, I do not know. I assumed something. I have to quit doing that. I concede that point in your favor.
i hate to break it to you but... what god?
for one thing, i just asked "what god?"; you know there are many gods.  this is the "religion" forum, are you implying i don't belong? you assume that all religious people are christian?  re·li·gion ( P ) Pronunciation Key (r-ljn) n.  1. 1. Belief in and reverence for a supernatural power or powers regarded as creator and governor of the universe. 2. A personal or institutionalized system grounded in such belief and worship. 2. The life or condition of a person in a religious order. 3. A set of beliefs, values, and practices based on the teachings of a spiritual leader. 4. A cause, principle, or activity pursued with zeal or conscientious devotion.   yes, i fit. you don't like it? yeah, i'm a religious person; i strongly disagree with the existence of a higher power. i devote my life to making you angry (sarcasm).
He CLAIMED to be a Christian. Here you go: I am a woman. So based on your logic despite all the characteristics of a man I possess I am still a woman.  Christianity is a belief, not a trait. If one claims to be a Christian -and isn't lying-, then they are.
kinda beside the point
one does not have to be born a christian... tell me this; why did hitler pursue the master race of white protestant... if he wasn't christian, his mission was pointless. he was christian. he was going by literal meaning of the bible plus his own views. he was a christian. those who believe otherwise do not knwo their history.
No one is ever born a Christian.  read previous posts, i was commenting on another comment.   He didn't pursue the "master race of white Protestant." He was a pure Aryanist, genius one. The very least you could do is get your facts straight, but you probably like spreading this bullcrap on purpose. (Seeing as how you're an atheist.)  the master race of white protestant was aryan... i just left out these parts: tall, long-legged, slim, blonde hair, blue eyes, straight wavy or smooth hair, narrow high-built nose, and a prominate chin. sorry, i just ddin't knwo you needed EVERY detail.   I just love the way you atheists try to pervert the Bible, Jesus, and God into something they're not. It's just sad and pathetic, but funny and amusing at the same time. Let me give you some advice on why you should never say something as stupid as what you said above ever again.  point out my stupid comment. i believe you just get angry when soemone doesn't agree with you 100%. i mean jesus christ (pun intended)... look at what you posted in response to "i believe in the teachings of jesus christ.":  "that's a vague statement."  ... i'm confused ...
First, there is no master race. Second, Aryan is not white protestant it's just plain white.  i'm sure you have heard of the "aryan clause"... i can't find it online but it is in mien kampf and i'm sure many other places. aryan was more than, as you put it, "just white"... and as a religion, the mortal enemy of the aryans are jews... you had to be a christian and hitler hated catholics... guess PROTESTANT is the only one left.  drop this and believe what you want...   With pleasure. The first one is the one I just replied to, and the second one was "he was christian. he was going by literal meaning of the bible plus his own views. he was a christian."  again, you say something and don't back it up. are you stalling for time? just repeat the answer to why "he was christian. he was going by literal meaning of the bible plus his own views. he was a christian." is a stupid comment.  I'm not angry. In fact, I'm laughing at you right now.  personally, i laugh when i'm angry.   Jesus Christ! (Pun intended) That's not anger, I'm saying that he made a vague statement and he should elaborate on it. Someone could believe in some of the teachings of Jesus, but not be a Christian. Someone can believe in everything Jesus said except for him being the Son of God, and not be a Christian.  he elaborate?!?! you elaborate please. all of your responses are trite and meaningless. you just repeat my comments.
Martin Luther hated Jews with a passion ;)
ANyways.. back to the original subject.   IF there is a god, and by what I have read about him, I would think that "god" does love saddam, along with a bunch of other scum-people like rapist (both catholic priest and normal people rapist), murderers, racist, baby killers and eaters, KKK members, Nazi's, and yes.. Hitler to.
Maybe my sarcasm was not noticed. The fact that god would still love anybody after killing off thousands of his followers (Hitler) is strange and shocking to me. If you believe what you say about god loving everyone and forgiving them, and If there is a heaven, it would be full of rapist, murderers, etc., along with Hitler, Bin Laden, and all the other murderers who kill in the name of god. Would I want to goto heaven with them? No. It would be a sad place.
By what standard does 'love' include causing infinite suffering? Do you intentionally cause suffering to anyone you love?
jim, parents punish their children to show that they do not approve of their actions and to discourage that behavior in the future. Hell isn't even based on actions, but on belief and the people who are sent there do not recieve a lesson nor a chance to correct themselves.  Btw, a spanking or grounding a child isn't in the same league as "eternal, infinite punishment", which cannot be justified in any way.
It's a punishment for belief (or lack thereof).  It doesn't deter anyone. It doesn't teach anything.  It's purely "hey, I love you. Have some infinite misery -for finite 'crime', no less."
Well, then, by that definition of infinite love, your God would fall far short of eternal loving. You are saying he punishes, for crimes, which he himself defined, and will burn these people, because everyone was damned at the beginning of their existance. No one, no matter how good, could do anything to get beyond this sin (and what ARE sins is often argued among christian denominations) And to think that the God in question needs someone to acknowledge their presence as their lord and master before this all covering evil falls away, so they must be slaves to this master, to be free, seems like an incredible use of doublethink.  Christianity is an oddly quirky religion, with a strange God as it's head, and I cannot reconcile the many differing and somewhat contradictory nature of your God. I know this because I tried for a long, long time.  May I ask you... would any of you Christians give up your chance at heaven, so someone else could go there?  I doubt many, if any, would.  Oh well. At least from my studying it seems that the Christian worldview is not correct in any way, shape or form. But still, if anyone wants to convince me, please do.
No, I wouldn't spank the hell out of my child.  I have no right in my opinion. He is his own person.  Of course I have no child and so my view might change. But if I think my child fully understands the dangers and still does what he wants to, then I will fully allow him to, because he can think for himself. However, there is also a difference from spanking them, and putting him in solitary confinement where he gets beaten everyday for the rest of his life!  As for prisons, etc, I wish we didn't have to have them. If I had the resources, I'd make them not be around. By the resources, I mean if I had the power of an omnipotent god, if it were needed to keep people away from society for some time, I would either put them in an institute to determine why they committed their crime, would they do it again, etc, or I'd put them in an alternative, but not horrible, universe, for as long as was needed. I'd not punish anyone. I don't think punishment does well at teaching children.  Quote:  What part of the Christian worldview? A part of the Christian worldview says stealing is wrong, so you must mean stealing is good? A part of the Christian worldview says rape is wrong, so you must mean rape is good? A part of the Christian worldview says sexual immorality is wrong, so you must mean sexual immorality is good?  I do not believe anything right or wrong, technically, as it's all subjective, but in a societal view of things, I'd say stealing isn't wrong (simply because I think that most property is based on birth anyway) I do think rape is wrong, but that is again, my view of things (a lot of others to, but shrug) because it forces someone's will upon someone else and it hurts them. However, I cannot really think of any area within the Bible where it explicitly says you cannot rape someone. What it does say is that it is a property crime and you must pay the father for the daughter after she is raped. I'm sorry, but I don't advocate stoning rapists, and I certainly don't advocate stoning the poor victims of the rape. And I have some leeway to say what I want in this category, as I am the child of a rape attack. AS for sexual immorality, define it. Do you mean sexually molesting children? Again, I think that harms and forces something on someone. If the sex is consensual though, and the person fully understands what they are doing, I am completely for letting them do what they want. The only part of sexual immorality that I could understand would be child molesting, which I do not agree with for the reasons stated above.  Also, if the Christian worldview is against rape, why does Moses say that Yahweh allows the Israelites to take the virgin children of the Midianites captive to do with what they would in Numbers 31?
Nice twist, however, sin is more than just believing in a different religion or having no religion at all.   True, but it's impossible to be sinless, so the only deciding factor in your judgement is belief.  If you ground him from using the phone, you're a terrible father for tapping him on the wrist. In other words, you aren't showing love.    So it would be more loving to severely beat the child...forever? "Hey Timmy, remember when you were 3 and you wrote on the wall with that crayon? *BAM* *SMACK*"
God doesn't want it, but he can't stop it.    An omnipotent deity that created something can't destroy it?
You say that I have as an obligation of a parent, to upbring my child. I do not think that pain is good for that. I think it harms the child (it certainly psychologically screwed me up for a few years) I will do my best as a parent. I however, think that treating the child as a thinking adult, when it can think in the circumstances, and not like a 2 year old, when they are clearly beyond those circumstances. You say that only those people who understand can go to hell, but still, hell would not be to teach a lesson would it be? A lesson is to teach a child so that it does not continue with this behavior. If the punishment is eternal, then the child would learn nothing, as it never has a second chance. Also, there are those of us (myself included) who in your worldview, would make it to heaven, simply because we cannot believe. I assure you, I tried it, after leaving Christianity, to believe it all again (mainly because I hated the loss of the security and love I felt as a Christian from what I thought was a feeling from an all protecting diety) and could not believe it.  I would like your information on how pain is the best teaching tool. It never taught me a single bloody thing as a child. When someone sat down and explained something to me, then I understood and generally went along with what they wanted me to do. If they spanked me, I ignored them or was more rebellious because of it.  As for stealing, I said I didn't consider it wrong. I never said I wouldn't try to stop you, as unfortunely, I must keep myself alive with material possessions. I do not, however, consider it wrong. At least in an objective sense. It is wrong for me to steal from people, but that is my subjective moral view on things.  As for my worldview being incorrect, that is half wrong and half right. It is right to me, but wrong to part of the world. Everything is perception. One person sees things a different way from every other person.  Also, adultery is not rape. They are too different things. Adultery is a sexual "crime". Rape is a violent crime. Also, adultery is consensual, whereas rape is not.   As for the 13 year old, if she understands everything she is doing, etc, then yes, there isn't anything wrong with it. Some of the greatest philosophers and geniuses in history had had sex by 13 and came out fine. It all depends on the individual. There are some that aren't ready for sex at 20. Unfortunely, we generally have to make a judgment as to when the majority are ready for sex. This is the age of consent.   Quote:  Sex is God's greatest gift that allows a man and a woman to become as close together as possible. It's not supposed to be animalistic, freaky, disgusting, etc. Another thing, the reason for sex is so godly offspring can be produced.    Your opinion, not mine. My view of sex is different than yours. You say it is not to be certain ways. I personally have no preference of what people do in their own homes. To each their own, I say. And I don't remember any part of the Bible saying "missionary position only" if that is what you are implying as the only "good" sex.  Quote:  Well, first, those were Hebrews, not Christians. Secondly, the scripture doesn't say they raped them, it says "keep them for yourselves." That could mean rape, however, I'm pretty sure that was not Moses's intention. Also, the Hebrews considered it impure to lie with non-Hebrew women or men, so if there was any sexual immorality going on it was very small. However, that DOESN'T mean it was justified or right.  Hebrews following the god Yahweh, which happens to be YOUR GOD. This was supposedly allowed by YOUR GOD in your book. As for it not being rape... they just murdered their brothers, fathers, and mothers. Do you REALLY think these girls are going to be happy to be sleeping with a bunch of foreigners? And part of these women were given as the Lord's share. Did he accept that? Why didn't he strike the Israelites down if they did such a henious crime? He did it in books before and after this for what could be considered lesser offensives (like burning incense to him).
A scenario of how religion might have started  When an animal stays with it's parent, it has the distinct advantage of being able to copy it's parents behaviour. When this happens the animal for the first time doesn't need all the information and tools to survive in its genes. It can learn from it's parent. Now for an animal to learn from it's parent it needs not to be scared. It needs to be able to trust and vice versa for the parent. You need trust to form a bond. Now the brain rewards for trust. So the offspring that stay with their parent longer learn more, survive better, have more offspring. Now an inevitable consequence of learning from the parent is that the offspring will live with the parent for longer and longer, until at some point the offspring outlive their parent. Now when enough intelligence, ie modern human, has formed to ask the question "Why", "where have they gone". Now this upsets people because people like closure, answers to things. Where have they gone. There's nobody there to tell people. It's the first time. So they think maybe they've gone to a better place. Hence the birth of religion, appease themselves. And we know that people thought about their dead relatives, because 160,000 years ago man was carrying around the polished skulls of what are probably dead relatives. Now that pre-dates modern religions by a very long way. all thats happened since then is the story has been created from generation to generation  ebz
by religion, i mean modern religion. the religions which i think originally set out to give man a map of how to live, using the god thing so people always think they've got someone to answer to.  now as for creator/designer of everything (ie universe), well there just seems to be so many things in favour of life from a physics and chemistry point of view. so i really don't know. but i'm very curious, either way.  ebz
Many cultures formed religion to explain things they couldn't understand. Does anyone think that any God needs to exist in order for religion to be practiced all around the world? The answer is clearly no. People inherently will form religions and if God was found to be false, new religions would spring up. Religions originate in the questions and fears of man.
The fact that civilizations for thousands and thousands of years have in almost all cases, believed in a god or gods, only reassures me that there must be some sort of "higher being" in charge of our orderly universe that has been revealing himself to mankind for thousands of years.   I suppose you can see it this way if you wish. However, I believe that it only shows how willing we are to accept that there is a God even if there is absolutely no proof of him. Christianity at least can fall back on the theory that Jesus, son of God, has been to Earth and that he performed miracles in the name of God proving that there is a greater power out there. But before those times there was no evidence or any reason to believe in a God at all yet people did it anyways. Also people like David Koresh have proven that people will accept even a common man as a messiah of sorts even if he cannot prove anything. I'm not saying that God doesn't exist simply because we accept higher beings so easily and without proof, but I think that you have to consider this side of human psychology in a debate as to whether God probably does or doesn't exist.  No the answer is not "clearly no". You didnt even back yourself up and you claim that it is already proven that your opinion is right.   I have yet to have heard of a religion anywhere in the world that does not include supernatural beings in it. So I cant see how religion could exist without God. And this is irrelevant regardless, because nothing can exist without God.  Clearly no as in God doesn't need to exist for us to worship him. Lets pretend that there is no God for a moment yet you believe there is. Since there is no God in this scenario, does that mean that you won't believe he exists? Of course not. There doesn't have to be a God for religion to exist. Religions have formed for thousands of years worshipping Gods that today we don't believe exist. There doesn't have to be any reason behind religion. Thats all I was trying to say.  However, you can have religions without a deity. You may not declare it a religion because it doesn't fall under your definition of a religion, but it could exist.  Edit: I think I thought of an example of this. Take a fiercely patriotic American who salutes the flag every day, folds it up every night and says the pledge of allegiance day in and day out. He would die to protect it and lives his life by what it stands for. He preaches its glory to everyone. Isn't that a religion without a deity? It is a belief the an American flag is more important than life itself and that salvation can be found as long as it still flies. Does this fall under your definition of religion? In my opinion I'd say this can be considered religious although we simply call it patriotic.  Nothing can exist without God assuming God created everything. However, even this idea is based on a poor understanding of God since even creationists will tell you that they have no idea what God is because they cannot possibly understand him.  You almost make naturalistic science seem like a religion here. I disagree, science isnt a religion. But according to your definition it is. Some scientists dont believe in God and are seeking answers for their questions about the origin of life and so forth. Does that make a religion. No.  Religion can be a worship of anything. Are Chicago Bulls fanatics part of a religion? Some of them may claim that they are because of their worshipping of the team or the belief in a supernatural power that helps the team. Religion is a loose term in my opinion. If I believed that there was a supernatural power that was encompassed in the body of Michael Jordan in his prime and I worshipped him for it, is that religious? Religion requires only the idea of worshipping a supernatural force, not the actual act of worshipping one. For instance, is the worshipping of Buddha religious? You probably don't believe Allah or Buddha exist just as you may not believe that Michael Jordan is a God, so how do you separate which one is religious and which one isn't? It is simply based on your perception and yours is skewed towards Christianity and larger religious bases while mine may be skewed towards believing in the human capacity to become more than human.  PS I don't think Jordan is a God... I seen him miss those dunks <:(
give me your definition of religion then please fallingupwards :)  on the subject of civilizations beleiving in gods for thousands of years, well yeah your right. but why do they all beleive in gods. and gods from the sun, stars, moon, and mythical gods. all these are an answer to a question that people can't answer.  imagine you are alive 5000 years ago. now all of a sudden the ground near you splits open into a volcano. now if you had never seen a volcano or heard about it, what would you think? you'd probably be pretty scared, and wonder why and what it is. now you've asked yourself a question, and when humans ask themselves questions they want an answer, called closure. who is going to supply that answer, nobody. so that leaves it open to speculation. now a volcano being such a huge thing, it's going to need a big answer.  so translated into english from whatever form of communication early man used.  might go something like this.  "whats that huge mountain thing with loads of red liquid coming out of it. it doesn't look good lets run. what on earth is it, who or what caused it" there you go start of speculation, hence maybe why we have so many different religions.  we humans have our instincts. a human being is basically interested in "Why". why did that happen why did this happen. the reason we learn about our environment is for our own survival. so eventually it'll get to "why are we here", and how many people wonder that, pretty much everyone i would say. whether they answer it with religion or something else, we wonder why we are here.
The fact that civilizations for thousands and thousands of years have in almost all cases, believed in a god or gods, only reassures me that there must be some sort of "higher being" in charge of our orderly universe that has been revealing himself to mankind for thousands of years.   They believed in the supernatural because they had to. They had no real explanations to the phenomena they experienced.  I have yet to have heard of a religion anywhere in the world that does not include supernatural beings in it.    Buddhism, for one.  So I cant see how religion could exist without God.   Every religion that doesn't involve your god exists without him.  Some scientists dont believe in God and are seeking answers for their questions about the origin of life and so forth. Does that make a religion. No.   The origin of life is a HOW question, not a WHY question.
Religion is the belief in and reverence for a supernatural power or powers regarded as creator and governor of the universe.   There is a difference between revering a supernatural power and revering a sports team or a flag.  I think that is one way to describe what religion is. In fact you probably got that right out of the dictionary. Here are a couple other definitions found below that definition.  #1: The life or condition of a person in a religious order. --Definition of religious: Having or showing belief in and reverence for God or a deity. --Definition of deity: The essential nature or condition of being a god. --Definition of God: (second definition, not primary) A being of supernatural powers or attributes, believed in and worshiped by a people, especially a male deity thought to control some part of nature or reality. --Definition of supernatural: Of or relating to existence outside the natural world. Attributed to a power that seems to violate or go beyond natural forces.  Translation: The life or condition of a person in an order believing in the existence of a being with powers that seem to violate or go beyond natural forces.  Using this string of definitions, the worshiping of Michael Jordan as a God is valid if I believed he was in control of supernatural powers and therefore would be constituted as religion.  For the flag worshipping scenario I'd have to use this definition of God: An image of a supernatural being; an idol.  Supernatural in that America is a Godly nation, better than any other nation for supernatural reasons and the flag is the idol. In this case the worshipping of the flag would be religious.  Here are two other definitions of religion. #2: A set of beliefs, values, and practices based on the teachings of a spiritual leader.  So if someone claiming to be spiritual were to teach something to people who believed he was spiritual, that would be religious regardless of what the deity was.  #3: A cause, principle, or activity pursued with zeal or conscientious devotion.  This alone is ambiguous enough to make anything religious as long as you really wanted it to be.  So there are many definitions of what religion actually is. Since I don't believe in the Christian God anyways, I can step back and look at people that are in my view worshipping something that doesn't exist. This really affects my view of what is religious since I find it hard to believe that people believe in what they are doing so strongly yet as far as I can tell they are simply talking to the wall and calling it religion. You probably see the same thing with other religions such as Muslim and Buddhist since you will see them strongly worshipping something that doesn't even exist meaning they are essentially doing what is equivalent to talking to a wall and hoping something good will come out of it.  That is religion in my opinion. It is the believe that you are accomplishing something because you believe you are regardless if you get any results. If I believe I am helping my team by praying (strongly hoping) for them to no deity in particular, that is religious. If I am praying to the American flag for America to succeed in a war, that is religion. If I am praying to God in hopes that he will come to me, that is religion. You will agree that the first two are not going to have any affect other than prove that I am worshipping a false idol and your God will smite me. Yet it is in my nature to want to believe strongly in the idea that I am helping by believing. It is the same reason you might pray for a sick person.  Finally, let me reiterate that religion is in the eye of the beholder. Even your definition would be open to the worshipping of Michael Jordan being a religion if a person believed Jordan did create the universe. You may object to their belief but even you would have to admit it was a religion. As I said before, religion is the idea of worshipping a God, not the act of it.
Buddhists believe in spiritual beings inside of everything. I would say that is supernatural.   ...what?  I meant to say that a relgion cannot exist without a supernatural being or beings. Sorry about the confusion.   Greek Paganism existed without Zeus, Ares, etc being real beings. To any theist, most other religions started without real gods. To an atheist, all religions started without real gods.  If you had chosen to read my posts carefully, you would know that I never accused science as being a religion.   You infered that the study of the origin of life was religious in nature.
If someone really believed that a flag or Michael Jordan were supernatural, then yes of course it would be a religion.  What I was saying is that in the case of someone "revering" the flag or Michael Jordan, that is not a religion. Know what I mean?  So now you see how a religion can exist without God or atleast without there being a God or anything supernatural in your eyes. I wouldn't put science outside the realm of being a religion either.  You can also see how people can falsly recognize something as a God even if it is an inanimate object or a human being. It is all a matter of what people want to believe and as you have said people want to believe in a God. That is the origin of God.
No that is the origin of some religions, not God. God wasnt created by mankind. Now, of course thats my opinion... :)  Then I think that ends my debate here. The origin of the Christian religion is seen as one way by some people and another way by others. Although to answer the question in the title of this post, I think the true origin of religion was human psychology as we are prone to believe in Gods in order to explain the unexplainable.
Most religions in my experience seem to just be a way for people to feel like they have meaning and control over what happens in their lives, or other's lives. They can't answer where they came from or where they are going, so they invent some way to make themselves think that they can somewhat control their destiny. Whether it be praying to deities for protection, or keeping good karma or "balancing" their lives through enlightenment etc. Really, it is nothing more than people dressing up their lack of knowledge to make themselves feel secure.
But I disagree with amd4ever's definition of what religion is, therefore I do not think that the study of the origin of life is religious by nature. Ok?   Ok, but I think your comment was poorly worded then.  I dont understand what you are so confused about. Buddhists believe in transmigration of souls through all phases and forms of life. That can be classified as supernatural.   I was not including human 'souls' as supernatural beings (such as gods).
Chobo Char,   On the lack of knowledge of the religious...Why do people persist in religion being that they have the same amount of information/knowledge available to them as do the atheists? Or do you have knowledge that the atheist IQ is higher than the religious IQ? Perhaps the atheists receive more schooling? Yet private religious schools seem to be better than public schools. Many premier universities are Christian universities. The Catholic Church was the summit of science and art in years past...hmmm http://www.stephenjaygould.org/ctrl/news/file002.html It is true that people who have higher education tend to not believe in God. Coincidence? I think not. Just look at other countries who have superior education systems to America and you will see that people there also tend to be more atheistic. The truth is, learning is difficult and requires time and energy. People are lazy and remain in ignorance because that is easiest and most comfortable.   On the insecurity of the religious...they seem to be no more insecure than the average atheist. If you look at both populations then one might see insecurity and security in both.   It is true that one might choose religion to make himself feel secure but this is one example in an entire population. And you would be hard pressed to submit insecurity as a blanket explanation. Could you find it in the many Christian martyrs...Men and women alike...old and young... secure enough to be hung, drawn, quartered, burned, crucified, crucified upside down...with the chance to stop it at any time if they simply renounced the faith? Does not sound like insecurity. I mean that all of humanity is insecure, and that is why civillizations have always created elaborate belief sytems, to cover those insecurities up. The reason people believe religions is because it is the easiest thing to do. I'm not saying that atheists are any more or less insecure in their beliefs, that's really more of a personal thing.
Yeah, the educated "elite" are too smart to believe in God. Only the retards have faith. Naturally, you must belong to this elite class in society. I guess I'm just a retard. Oh how I wish I was as smart as chobo...  C'mon man, that is pretty lousy reasoning. You can do better than that, cant ya? I'm sure you can.  Some of the world's smartest minds believe in God. I actually think that the only reason why this "elite" class of people have less of a chance to believe in God is because they feel that they are too smart to have faith in anything, and that only seeing is believing. That is the true reason. An ego problem. Not because they are "smart". Give me a break. This just in: 60% of scientists are all egotistical XXXXXX who don't know what they are talking about. Nevermind that they might know a few things about the natural world and how it doesn't require a god to exist, no, its just their big fat egos.  Give me a break.  If you want to take my statement so personally, thats your choice. I was simply saying that the more educated tend to be atheistic, and the lesser educated don't. But of course you've taught me its an ego problem. How could I have been so dumb. :xbanghead  The link works for me but here it is again incase: http://www.stephenjaygould.org/ctrl/news/file002.html
Argh I forgot you couldn't see the link.  Ok let me clarify: People who are more educated in the sciences tend to be more atheistic. Sorry for the misunderstanding.
Yeah, the educated "elite" are too smart to believe in God. Only the retards have faith. Naturally, you must belong to this elite class in society. I guess I'm just a retard. Oh how I wish I was as smart as chobo...    - Play nice   - Moderator
Yeah, the educated "elite" are too smart to believe in God. Only the retards have faith. Naturally, you must belong to this elite class in society. I guess I'm just a retard. Oh how I wish I was as smart as chobo...  C'mon man, that is pretty lousy reasoning. You can do better than that, cant ya? I'm sure you can.  Some of the world's smartest minds believe in God. I actually think that the only reason why this "elite" class of people have less of a chance to believe in God is because they feel that they are too smart to have faith in anything, and that only seeing is believing. That is the true reason. An ego problem. Not because they are "smart". Give me a break.   Am I reading this correctly? He just gave you a fact and you blew it off like it was intentially meant to put you down and therefore is 'lousy'. If he stated that the more educated the person the less likely they are to believe in God and he can back that up, then you are making a complete fool out of yourself and showing how close minded you really are by what you wrote in this post. I don't think you really meant to come off this way.
Argh I forgot you couldn't see the link.  Ok let me clarify: People who are more educated in the sciences tend to be more atheistic. Sorry for the misunderstanding.  The link works for me. Must be a problem on fallings end.
just because there is a correlation between two things does NOT mean that there is a cause-effect relationship...  the elitist may close their mind to the possibility of God, because they dont want to believe that there is a higher power out there that is greater than them. or they might believe the lie that somehow it is "unscientific" to believe without seeing, or to have faith.  Actually I would debate that more educated people tend to focus on logic since they can see and understand the logic behind things. They may tend to try and see the logic behind things instead of just accepting that there is no logical reasons for some things.  As to whether this statistic points to anything about religion, I would at least suggest that if the brightest minds are atheist that God has actually hampered them by giving them the ability to think too logically. I know a few people who are not too bright and are born followers. They would follow whatever they learned after birth and they are devout Christians because their parents are. Does it seem strange that God has actually made it easier for their minds to accept religion than those who are intellectually superior?  I believe you said earlier that since people inherently believe in religion that gives more credit towards the idea that there is a God. But doesn't this statistic go against your original statement since the smarter the person the less likely they are to believe in God?  BTW, much better post than your earlier one.
I think that intelligence is a hard thing to mesure reliably. But level of education isn't. It is a fact that has been determined by several polls the higher the level of education the more likely a person is to be an atheist. Well, perhaps I shouldn't say it that way because I've never actually looked at the results from that point of view. The more educated a person is the less likely he is to be a creationist. In spite of what creationists may tell you, to reject creationism is not to be an atheist.  A lot of other findings also correlate with belief in creationism. Income. Creationists tend to make less. Of course, this is obviously not a cause and effect thing since this is probably linked more directly to education.  Generally a creationist is less educated, less affluent, more rural, southern, and black. Understand that is not to say that all creationists are less educated or southern or black. That is most definitely not the case. Even at that, it depends on in what you are educated. Scientists tend to not be creationists, with about 99% of biologists rejecting creationism. Geologists also have a high number who reject creation. The highest number of creationists is among chemists. Overall, some 95% of college graduates in science reject creationism.  But before anyone gets upset and shrilly screams that I haven't "proved" anything, let me say this. I haven't proved anything. Those are just statistics - demographics. Gallup does his poll about every two years and several others have been done and they always show the same thing.  But even the above is not to say that some very highly educated scientists cannot believe in God. A well known biology professor makes no bones about his belief in God. He even wrote a book about it (which makes him a best selling author too). He doesn't presume to dictate to God how He must do his work. He teaches evolutionary biology at a major univesity and has written several biology text books.
And like you said, there are several scientists who firmly believe in God   - I've actaully heard this used as an argument before by theists to show that even scientists beleive in God so it must be logical. This without the obvious possibility that many of these scientists grew up in theist backgrounds and would not simply forfeit their prior beliefs because atheism seemed more logical. Anyhow...  Always Stay Open Minded
even scientists beleive in God so it must be logical Of course, that's not what I was saying.
You can also turn this around and saying that there is an obvious possibility that many people may have grown up in a family that was not religious at all and had no belief in God... and those particular people would not simply forfeit their prior beliefs beliefs because theism seemed more logical.   - Its much more likely to grow up in a theist family than an atheist family. Therfor its more likely for a scientist to have a theist background as opposed to an atheist background.  SilentPoet, you seem to have some personal problem with me and I dont know what it is. Maybe I'm wrong, but it just seems like you are constantly directing your criticism at me, even when there are others who are agreeing with me. Like when you said to "tone it down" earlier, you directed it solely towards me, despite the fact that there were other people who were using just as many ad hominems if not more, than I was.   - I have no problem with you whatsoever. All I'm interested in is debating your ideas vs. mine. I do not purposely challenge everything you say even if it may appear this way. If I do then its just because you disagree with what I'm thinking. Please pm me with your problems with me instead of posting them on a thread. When and where did I tell you to "tone it down"?  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
This may be true, but I think that families who are practicing Christians are a rarity. Alot of families say that they believe in God, but they really arent that firm in their religious beliefs. Its more likely for a scientist to have grown up in a non-practicing "christian" home than an actual christian home. Know what I mean?  That is probably true for most other professions as well.  I'll step in to defend the religious side for a moment. I think that the more educated people will be atheist because of the way education is taught. Logic is key in education and it is less focused on belief as a way of teaching new ideas. You will have a lot more questions that are answered using logic than you will those which are answered based on your belief although you will have some of both. Plus religion is kept out of a lot of schools which may tend to change ones view on religion in a social environment. I'm really not too surprised that the educated are less religious for all these reasons especially when it comes to people like scientists who may even find it disheartening to believe in God because they hold the sense of logic dear and believe it will answer all questions given enough time and thought.
I'm sorry, you actually said "play nice". Its on the second page. You quoted something that I said and responded by saying "play nice" even though there were alot of other people who were name-calling and such... but its not a big deal, i just took it too personally I guess you didn't notice that SilentPoet signed that message as "Moderator". Every now and then, when a thread begins to cross the line a bit, he does that. It's just a warning not to get personal, although all of your insulting remarks were directed at youself in that post.  Some boards keep the moderators anonymous. Others don't let moderators participate in the debate, but usually that is noted below the moderator's name instead of Julius Caesar. I don't like anonymous moderators who are also participate in debate under another handle. At least SilentPoet is out in the open although it isn't apparent that he is a moderator. And I really haven't seen any indication of a problem.  There was one board where two moderators edited and deleted posts that they disagreed with while they participated under different handles. That was the OCW board and "Moderator 3" was Fred Williams and "Moderator 4" was none other than Walter ReMine, author of "The Biotic Message." It pretty much killed the board. I notice that my old link to the board is broken.
In regard to Luchs post,  Yes I am a moderator. I wasn't a moderator to begin with but was asked to be one so I accepted. If anyone feels I should have moderator as my title I will change it I just didn't deem it necessary. Most of the time I act as a debate but once in a while when I see offensive posts I give a warning if its not an extreme post which rarely occur.  AMD,   I only began posting in this thread because of a comment by fallingupwards  there are several scientists who firmly believe in God  I've simply heard that as a pro theistic argument which I find to be complete bogus.  That was my only intention.  Falling,  I'm sorry if you felt it was a personal attack but it was not. You were simply the most recent post on the thread that seemed to be saying things that weren't called for. I should have read the posts beforehand. My apologies...  Know what I mean?   Yes, but a theist background still has an influence but of course not severe as oppose to a practicing theist home that reads the bible together every Sunday evening. (Not that theres anything wrong with that. ;) )   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
As I said, SilentPoet, I haven't seen a problem and when you speak as moderator you always indicate that you are doing so. Perhaps if you included a message saying what you object to rather than a quote from a message. But I don't have a problem.  I have been suggested as a moderator on a few boards at various times. Usually I say no because I would then have to hold myself to a higher standard. I am a moderator on one board the is completely uncensored. My duties are to delete spam for the most part.
ebz,   And when are we to expect the birth of the religion of dogs? and of dolphins? of whales and lions?    Now the man carrying around skulls pre-dates modern religion but does he pre-date "primitive religion?" How do you know that "primitive" man did not have religion?   i would hardly call dogs and lions intelligent as in asking themselves why they are here. whales and dolphins? well maybe they are religious, but we can't communicate with them well enough to ask them, yet?
I'll probably get hell from Lurch and Crim for saying this, but I dont care, I'll go ahead and say it. Some things, like the existence of God and the origin of the universe, just cannot be explained logically.    No, they cannot be examined scientifically. The concepts themselves can be examined logically, though.   I think that the more educated people will be atheist because of the way education is taught. Logic is key in education and it is less focused on belief as a way of teaching new ideas.    ...why would we teach children things based only on belief?   Can religious views be logical?   Yes, they can be logically valid but still unsound.  I think the logical sequence is a belief in a higher power rather than a springboard to logic from a primordial soup of nothing.   How can we determine the likelihood of any event if the supernatural is invoked?
maximus, validity is based more on the structure of an argument while, ermmm, 'soundness' is based on the facts behind it. A valid, unsound argument would be like:  Cats are flying things. All flying things are scary. Cats are scary.   In your post, you refered to a higher power.
Okay Crim. Now tell me if my argument from a few posts back fits into your realm of logical but unsound. Is my argument comparable to flying cats?   You'll have to specify which argument. My response was to your question "Can religious views be logical?"
Therefore it is an invalid statement, and that makes your argument unsound.   Validity is only based on structure, not facts. IF cats did fly and flying things ARE scary, then cats would have to be scary.
montal, I intentionally chose cats because I was trying to show the difference between invalid and unsound.
Obviously there\'s a lot of people out there who\'ve never heard of Moses!  Probably not since almost everyone was dead during the time of Moses.
Wha??  Almost everyone was dead... what happened to them?  (they died, right!)  lol, oops. I can't believe I got this polite of a response to that post. I didn't even mean to post it. I was going to respond to your post but just ended up typing nonsense to myself and never planned on posting it. My mistake!  I'm going to make an actual post here to make up for that last one :)  But recall this "Christianity at least can fall back on the theory that Jesus, son of God, has been to Earth and that he performed miracles in the name of God proving that there is a greater power out there. But before those times there was no evidence or any reason to believe in a God at all yet people did it anyways"  That is something that makes Christianity the most believable of all the religions in my view and that is why it is the only one that I consider a possible true religion. There is evidence that the Christian God exists because a man named Jesus lived on Earth and supposedly could perform miracles.  Still I don't think this is enough evidence at least as it stands today. The stories of Jesus are told in the Bible and the Bible I place little faith in because I believe the people who wrote it put their own spin on their writings. I don't think the Bible contains the word of God as much as it does the word of man.  Stories outside the Bible back up the stories inside the Bible in some cases. A man named Jesus who was believed to perform miracles did exist at one time so how can these miracles be explained? Honestly I question how valid the miracles were. The belief people placed in him could have been similar to the believe in Koresh. Koresh of course didn't perform miracles, but he didn't even need to do that to get a following. People back in the day of Jesus were not all that different. I don't think Jesus would have to perform miracles to get a strong following. He would need a good 'PR' guy just as it would seem that he had based on the Bible.  I have no doubt that people believed in Jesus back when he lived, but I question whether he was all that he is cracked up to be. As far as this being the origin or religion as this thread is titled, I would agree that Jesus played a key role in the origin of the Christian religion regardless as to whether he was who we believe he was.
What are your thoughts?  You are suggesting that because we believe that God exists then he must?
Therefore God must exist just like the three angles of a triangle must be equal to two right angles.   He may exist as a thought but not in the sense that something normally exists. "I think therefore I am" only means that thought of I exists therfor I does exist in one way or another but only on a thought level. Just as I beleive God exists only on a thought level.  Always Stay Open Minded
http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/06608b.htm  Gives a very long and detailed argument for the existence of God.  As long and as detailed of a debate that could be, the fact is that it will still come down to whether or not you want to believe God exists or not. If there was physical evidence then it would be easier to debate that he exists.
even if you have these so-called apparations, you still may not know what is going on. you could be seeing things, you could be seeing extraterrestrials, you could be seeing another god. how do you know this "proof" is the existence of the christian god? you don't... or do you? explain your dillusions.
To agree with this I would first need to know what constitutes proof for you?  I believe in God. I know God exists. I have proof.  If you had proof then you wouldn't have to believe in God because you would be able to show us God logically. Can you logically show us God? If so then you have proof.
whoa, sorry... ****...  actually, it does, meaning, even if you have had these feelings of proof, who are you to understand what you are feeling, if you are even feeling them.
Be careful what you ask for........................  i'm waiting...
Be careful what you ask for........................  What more could I want other than proof that God exists. It would be a lifes work to accomplish such a thing and would benefit the world more than any single scientific discovery ever made. Lets not be careful! Lets get all the proof we can!
You must be very young. proof is not a feeling. I am able to identify my own feelings, you however are not even able to identify anything regarding reality. Please do not engage in esoteric plattitude and rhetoric. If you wish to argue then provide an argument. I see nothing here.  Do you actually think you are feeling anything at all? It is simply a chemical reaction. How can you be sure that your brain didn't get something wrong?
faith obviously doesn't like me, because when i asked that question above, i said nothing of proof. when amd asked about chemical reactions, that was basically my question, just more detailed. i asked faith that, even if he did recieve messages from the beyond, or whatever, why would he be able to understand them... oh wait, maybe he speaks in tongues too.
To say that they may provide false information does not deny their existence.  I never tried to deny their existance although if the data is false then it may as well not exist as it is only hampering us.
faith obviously doesn't like me, because when i asked that question above, i said nothing of proof. when amd asked about chemical reactions, that was basically my question, just more detailed. i asked faith that, even if he did recieve messages from the beyond, or whatever, why would he be able to understand them... oh wait, maybe he speaks in tongues too.  I don't think it is really within epaphras to like or dislike someone on the basis of a few postings. He did make a really good point, you have no argument here, what are you trying to say? Epaphras never said he "recieved messages" from the "beyond", no coded letters, no subliminal messages on his television. What he was trying to say...and I hope I understand this right...was that he believes in god because he has proof inherent in his feelings. This is not something that he can show you, as even if he would explain his feelings in detail to you, you still do not feel them. He never claimed to have physical evidence, which is something a lot of us would need to believe in the existence of god. God is real to him, and you, I, or anyone else does not have a basis to deny god is real to him. I might not believe in the existence of god, but it is all a personal belief. What you believe to be real personally, you cannot prove to another. Such is the belief in the existence of god.
Descartes had a second argument on why God has to exist (it plays off the first).  We have an idea of what "perfection" is, that is, we understand the concept of perfection. But no mortal thing is perfect. Since no principle can arise from nothing, the principle of perfection had to arrise from something, i.e. a supreme being.
I believe God exists. I know He exists. In my own life I have proof. i don't beleive he ever said the word "feel", but i just realized i read this wrong. i assumed he had proof to show us, but i guess not. only he can feel this proof.  (edit) also, when i said he didn't like me, i didn't mean me in particular, but to him, i am just words on a screen, and it is much easier to dislike someone that way. he dislikes my ideals.
I really don't buy that argument. For one, it doesn't account for differing perceptions on what "perfect" is. How DO you explain that some people think cannibalism is immoral and some don't? The idea of moral relativism answers this, maybe there is no objective morality. OR maybe what objective morality there is flows from some logical premises that can be proven, not a warrentless a priori supposition.  For example, Descartes proved that men exist (Cogito ergo sum). We also know nature abhors a vacuum. If we don't exist, its entirely possible that nothing will, which creates a vacuum, which is antithetical to the workings of nature. ERGO: Our continued existance is good (right to life). From a right to life, we get a corrallary, right to liberty. Your liberty to do what you want to do, so long as it doesn't violate rule #1 (right to life) or someone else's liberty (its long been established that for liberty to exist, liberty must be limited to protect other's liberties).  Logical proof, independent of God, that we have morality, that answers for different moral perspectives (as logic isn't something that comes easily to many humans).
I've been reading some of Descartes. He presents an interesting argument in favor of the existence of God.   We have an innate idea within us of a supremely perfect being. We also have within us an innate idea of a triangle. It is obvious that the angles of a triangle are equal to two right angles. It is equally obvious that a supremely perfect being possesses all perfections. Existence is a perfection. Therefore God must exist just like the three angles of a triangle must be equal to two right angles.  What are your thoughts?  The disputable point is whether or not existence is a perfection. A similar thing holds true with the ontological argument that Saint Anselm used.
When I was in college a particularly difficult physics professor gave us the task of proving the existance of the wind. Interestingly enough, it cannot be done. You cannot see it, you cannot catalog it, and you cannot touch it. You cannot measure it, though you can measure its effects. you cannot write any proof for the existance of the wind. While many people may argue that you CAN proove the existance of the wind by observing its effects, this is not really a valid way to a proof in physics. In the end, it comes down to faith. We can see the effects of the wind, we can feel the effects of the wind, so we believe it is there.  actually, proof of something comes down to 2 things: agreeing on what the definition of the thing is, and agreeing on evidence that verifies the thing  wind is defined as movement of air. air moves, therefore wind exists. this has been proven. i dont know what kind of definition you used, but it doesnt seem like your assignment is that difficult.  God, on the other hand, is elusive even at the definition stage. he is sometimes defined as creator of the world, a higher force, all-powerful, greatest being possible, love, etc...  unless a definition is agreed upon, even beginning to prove existance is difficult. suppose we define God as love. love exists, therefore God exists. however, not everybody agrees to this definition. suppose we define God as creator of the universe. sciences states the the universe was created spontaneously, therefore God doesnt exist. therefore, for some, either this definition is not satisfactory or the conclusion of the scientists isnt satisfactory.  finding proof for the existence of God becomes increasingly difficult when Gods definition gets constantly revised and adjusted. if we could simply agree on the definition for God then we could begin to find a proof.  I think when trying to prove the xistance of god, you are in a similar situation. You cannot see god, you cannot measure him, though some claim they can feel his presence.   Personally, I believe in god, and I feel a little sorry for those who don't. Faith in something bigger than yourself, bigger than all mankind, can give you something to hold onto when there seems to be nothing else.   Personally, I believe in god because sometimes he talks to me. It is like a little voice in the back of your head that gives you nudges inthe right direction (sometimes the voice is not so little). Maybe I am schizo. Maybe it is my subconscious. Personally, I believ it is god. I have never gone wrong heeding that little voice, though I have often walked right into a heap of trouble when I have ignored it.   Anyway, that is my proof. I don't expect it to convince anybody but me, but there it is. i like your point on faith and believing in something bigger than yourself. i think man has an instinctive drive to better himself. and everyone believes in something bigger than himself, and its totally in the mind. for some its God. for some its their dreams. for some its their family, community, country, future generations of mankind. whatever it is, it is absolutely based on faith, and it is an element that pushes you to better yourself. faith in something bigger than yourself inspires improvement and self esteem, and i think everybody needs it
What we all are dealing with here is the eternal conflict of faith and the scientific method. Mankind is both a spiritual and a physical creature. Does God exsist? Has been a question that has haunted us as a people for as long as there have been any concept of the Diety or Divine. We thrust for knowledge and understanding, in that search we have a need to "see" for ourself all that is or could be.   Its this authors personal opinion after studying religious philosophies around the world and spiritualism, magic, and the concepts of that which falls into that "fourth dimension" of the spirit realm. What is God? Why do we need this spiritual Deity to hold on to? It is a manifestation of the need of man, to not be alone in the universe. If God exsists then we are not alone in this universe. As we learn more of the universe around us, we become more and more needy for the reassurance that we are not alone. We are a social creature, we crave and need community. Immagining that we are the only living creatures in the universe is utterly terrifying to us. What do we do? We create for ourselves a Deity to watch over us and protect us from the diabolical forces of the universe, for as we all know that what mankind can not know or understand it villianizes it to protect itself from the unknown.   Now we have the Supreme Being to protect us from this unknown. From being alone in the universe. We have made him both unprovable and undisputable. When we remove all the belief around "His" exsistance and apply the method that has made all our current advancements reality, the scientific method, God can therefore not possibly exist, but then belief, need and faith step in. Over ruling the very method that has given us, medicines, spaceflight, energy, the one thing that seporates us from the Dark Ages, Electricity. Now we sweep all that aside and declare with one voice that God exsists because and leave it at that. Why? because we need to believe He is there, because we need to believe we are not alone.
I thought the Descartes thing was:  1. Necessarily, God is perfect (true by virtue of meaning) 2. If God didn't exist he would be less than perfect 3. Therefore God exists  Any fool can see the HUGE flaw in logic here.  I think this is the same as the original post about the triangle though.
please, correct me if I'm wrong, BUT:  Belief in God requires faith. Faith is by definition the absence of proof. Therefore a belief in God has no proof.   But that leads to the next question: What is proof?
please, correct me if I'm wrong, BUT:  Belief in God requires faith. Faith is by definition the absence of proof. Therefore a belief in God has no proof.   But that leads to the next question: What is proof? you are right. in fact, faith is the belief in something in the absence of evidence, or even in the face of contradictory evidence. from the biblical definition, faith is the substance of things hoped for; the evidence of things not seen. in other words, in spite of the fact that X is only imaginary or without any physical evidence, faith says that X is true.  of course there is different amounts of faith. for instance, if the tv guide says that the news will air at 6 pm, you have no evidence that the news will air this evening at 6, yet you accept it as true. this is faith. with ideas such as God and spirituality, it may take more mental effort to accept as true, which means more faith. faith is all in the mind, and what may be easy for some to accept as true without physical evidence may be difficult for others. thats called the measure of your faith
Nope, I disagree. Belief in God requires faith only because there is no proof. The faith requirement is inherent in the lack of proof, not inherent in the nature of God.  Um, isn't the nature of God another belief? After all, there's no way to prove there is a "nature of God." To believe in God's nature you must believe in God, therefore we are back to the logical deduction that a belief in God has no proof.
I think it's safe to say that if God exists, he has a nature. That's not really adding anything to the debate.  But that is all secondary to the point of proving God. Something that doesn't exist cannot have a nature. Therefore, to believe in one's nature, you must believe in the one. So essentially nature is irrevelant until the thing that acts is proven.   So, back to the drawing board. Belief in God = Faith = Absence of proof = Belief in God, no proof. Therefore, you cannot prove God while having faith.
The top conclusion says you cannot prove that God exists and still have faith, which is certainly true. If you could prove God's existence than you wouldn't need faith, you'ld have certain knowledge. The lower conclusion says that proof of God's existence is impossible, because faith is a requirement. I don't believe that's true. If God felt like it, he could certainly make an appearance and prove his existence. He could manifest everywhere in the world simultaneously, perform a bunch of miracles, dispense some wisdom and then head back up to heaven. This would have a huge impact on religion , but it wouldn't change the nature of God. He wouldn't suddenly disappear because everyone knew he existed, rather than just having faith. very interesting. its almost like the bible throws out a catch 22.   "without faith it is impossible to please God"  if God did show up, he would present evidence that he exists, but he would also negate everything the bible says about faith. therefore either God's existence can be proven and the bible is false, or God's existence can never be proven and the bible is true. both can be false, but both cannot be true
Kronus: I moved a step further.   he top conclusion says you cannot prove that God exists and still have faith, which is certainly true. If you could prove God's existence than you wouldn't need faith, you'ld have certain knowledge.  So technically both are correct.    If God felt like it, he could certainly make an appearance and prove his existence.  But it would be God, not those who hold the faith in him, that would be proving his existance. Faith is irrevalant in this senario.    He could manifest everywhere in the world simultaneously, perform a bunch of miracles, dispense some wisdom and then head back up to heaven.  But how do you know this is God's work? For all you know, it could easily be the works of a few mutated humans, geological phenmonom, or aliens. What is the act of natural forces could be seen as the act of a supernatural and vice versa, and still there is no proof.   This would have a huge impact on religion  True, even if it was proven by science to be natural, religion would reject the findings.  but it wouldn't change the nature of God. He wouldn't suddenly disappear because everyone knew he existed, rather than just having faith.  And how do you know this is god and not one of the examples i gave?
Kronus: I moved a step further.   So technically both are correct.   But it would be God, not those who hold the faith in him, that would be proving his existance. Faith is irrevalant in this senario.   But how do you know this is God's work? For all you know, it could easily be the works of a few mutated humans, geological phenmonom, or aliens. What is the act of natural forces could be seen as the act of a supernatural and vice versa, and still there is no proof.   True, even if it was proven by science to be natural, religion would reject the findings.  And how do you know this is god and not one of the examples i gave? say a guy with glowing white skin and white robe floated out of the sky and moved about by hovering above the ground a few inches. say he waved his arms in front of a pile of rubble and the rocks and dust levitated themselves before him and assembled into a 3 storey building, with plumbing, wiring and centralized air. say he hopped in a volkswagen and drove across the atlantic ocean, landed in africa and caused food to rain from the sky. then he raised a few dead people back to life, as well as the woolly mammoth in a european museum. then finally he floated back up in the sky, without any visible machines or strings.  oh, and he keeps saying that he is God  would you suppose there's a non-supernatural explanation to that?
How do we know it's God?  The "demonstration" I gave was just an off the cuff example. Most working definitions of God say he's omnipotent and omniscient. That being the case, he would know exactly what demonstation would convince every specific person, and he could perform that demonstration. Or for that matter, he could simply implant certain knowledge of his existence in everyones minds. The point being, if God wanted to prove that he existed, being omnipotent, he ought to be able to do so. i guess part of free will is that you can only "know" God exists by your own choice. if everybody were forced to be aware of God's existence then there would be no reward for being a believer.   look at post #43. the problem with God producing evidence of his own existence is that it would negate the bible which is unequivocally all true. the bible says that without faith it is impossible to please God. if this is true, then if God shows up physically then there would be no place for faith, since faith cannot exist with physical evidence. so if God does prove that he exists, then he'd nullify the bible on which states that he God cannot lie and that the bible is all truth.   like i said, its either the bible is true and God's existence can never be proven, or the bible is false and God's existence can be proven. you cannot believe the bible is true and expect to ever hope to prove that God exists simultaneously. if you believe the bible, then you must accept that God's existence is nothing more than your faith telling you so.  however, if you dont believe the bible, then its ok to assume that God can possibly provide physical evidence of his existence. but why would you think God exists if you dont believe the bible?  it seems that atheism and theism are more balanced after all.. not only is it impossible to prove that God does not exist, its also impossible to prove that God does exist....  hmmm.....
would you suppose there's a non-supernatural explanation to that?  Theoretically. While is definitely a good example of God's proof, there are still non-supernatural explanations to that. Life as we know it is as diverse as one can possibly imagine. A few "experts" (whatever that means) have theorized that Jesus simply have a mutation that allowed abnormal behaviors we now associate with supernatural beings. Who's saying it couldn't be simply a member of a alien species with telekentic powers as well as reanimation? Life has evolved into many wonderous creations. Everyday we are finding odd animals capable of unusual acts. Given that the universe is allegedly 15 billion years old, who's to say that life hasn't reached a stage where what we declare as supernatural have become a simple fact of life?  The point being, if God wanted to prove that he existed, being omnipotent, he ought to be able to do so.  But that all depends on what your definition of proof is. The common athestic proof is concrete, and testable. Aka, God comes down and does a interview on Oprah and subjects himself to scientific tests. Your definition may simply be "miracles." Therefore, you cannot prove God exists simply by phenomana, nor can I prove that God doesn't exist simply by phenomana. You can say all of the events happening are proof of God, but my definition of proof is vastly different then yours.   First, maybe you follow a religion that doesn't use the Bible as its holy book.  Makes perfect sense. My religion doesn't use any form of "holy book" as a source of reference.
Theoretically. While is definitely a good example of God's proof, there are still non-supernatural explanations to that. Life as we know it is as diverse as one can possibly imagine. A few "experts" (whatever that means) have theorized that Jesus simply have a mutation that allowed abnormal behaviors we now associate with supernatural beings. Who's saying it couldn't be simply a member of a alien species with telekentic powers as well as reanimation? Life has evolved into many wonderous creations. Everyday we are finding odd animals capable of unusual acts. Given that the universe is allegedly 15 billion years old, who's to say that life hasn't reached a stage where what we declare as supernatural have become a simple fact of life? is there such a mutation that would allow people to walk on water, raise people from the dead and transform water into wine? and wouldnt the explanation of aliens with telekinteic powers be just as supernatural as if God did it? there is no more evidence that aliens would be responsible for physics-defying phenomenon than that God would be the cause.  Are you trying to say that if an omnipotent, omniscient being wanted to prove that he existed, he wouldn't be able to? I don't buy that. Granted, what might convince one person might not convince another, but he's omniscient. He knows what will be convincing for any given person. And he's omnipotent, so naturally whatever the convincing act is, he could do it.  And just to be sure I'm reading you correctly, when you say "definition of proof" do you actually mean "what constitutes proof"? The definition of proof is pretty well established, it's what people consider sufficient evidence to constitue proof that leads to debate. if the bible is true, and God cannot lie, then he, being omnipotent and omniscient, could not provide concrete proof even if he wanted to. because if he did, then faith would be non-existent, and God requires faith, according to the bible. therefore if God did provide proof that he existed, then it would nullify the bible. of course this is assuming that the bible is true...
Why do you keep bringing this point up? Granted, it's an interesting and valid argument, but we're discussing the existence of God, not the validity of the Bible. "God" does not necessarily mean the God described in the Bible, nor should any apparent contradictions in the Bible be used as evidence for or against the existence of God. hmmm... my bad. i'll rest it, its just a big deal to me personally...  the concept of God outside of the biblical description is even more nebulus and subjective. however, your not restricted by faith and laws when you define a non-biblical God  the problem is, a non-biblical God would be equivalent to a God nobody in history has truly encountered or wrote about. if all historical accounts of man's encounters with God are inaccurate, then we know nothing of the nature of God. what makes one think he rewards those that obey his will, or blesses those that seek him? what point is there to relying on a God that has no track record of interacting with humans, whether to bless or smite. and what point is there to believing in the exitence of a God that you alone see evidence for? if God has never ever been revealed, in the real or imaginary, to anybody ever in the history of mankind, why is it we would believe that God would be revealed to us now?
we could probably dissect every single written work that talks about God and his intervention on this planet, and conclude that none of these works are logical. in fact, im quite sure it has already been done. not that the events described would have been inaccurate, just that what the observer saw as the intervention of God was simply nothing to do with God. if every written work that talks about God in history has been found illogical, then it maybe the very concept of God himself is illogical.  furthermore, what possible benefit would there be to pursue knowledge about the existence of a God that does not interact with man? just for knowledge sake? and how do you suppose we find such knowledge if this God does not interact with man?
Are you trying to say that if an omnipotent, omniscient being wanted to prove that he existed, he wouldn't be able to?  No. I'm simply saying there are other alternatives. I suppose the only real way to do it though would be to implant certain knowledge of God. There would always be a few non-believers.   The definition of proof is pretty well established, it's what people consider sufficient evidence to constitue proof that leads to debate.  Are you so sure? That is quite a range you give. Some people are willing to debate anything, regardless of the proof. I ask, what is YOUR definition of proof?  is there such a mutation that would allow people to walk on water, raise people from the dead and transform water into wine?  In theory yes. Transforming water into wine simply recombinates the atoms within the water. Molecular manipulation can be done with machines, why not genes and biological entities, which are escence are machines as well. Reanimation is another possibility. Life has by theorized to be simply a form of energy. This coupled with molecular manipulation to repair the cells and restore energy may exist. As for water, numerous insect species do this simply by cohesion. By spreading out their weight over a larger area, and using water's property of bonding, they are able to walk on water (until you break cohesion with a drop of soap). Perhaps a abnormally light human with larger feet could cause a similar affect. Life is astounding, it comes in all shapes, all sizes and in all abilities. I would not be so quick to count out evolutionary paths that may be billions of years old.   and wouldnt the explanation of aliens with telekinteic powers be just as supernatural as if God did it? there is no more evidence that aliens would be responsible for physics-defying phenomenon than that God would be the cause.  But aliens exist in the realm of the natural. Therefore, they cannot be a act of the supernatural. The later part of your post is true.
But aliens exist in the realm of the natural. Therefore, they cannot be a act of the supernatural. The later part of your post is true. aliens dont exist in the realm of the natural anymore than angels and devils or bigfoot does. angels and devils are said to be able to transit from the physical to spiritual realms and back. furthermore, telekinetic power is not natural either (unless aliens, or bigfoot, naturally possess it, if they exist)
I'll go with the definition I got from dictionary.com: 1. The evidence or argument that compels the mind to accept an assertion as true.  Therefore proof can mean anything you want it to be. People's minds are compelled in different ways. Some believe whatever they wish to believe. Some refuse to believe everything. Some take the middle group. Proof, like beauty, is the eye of the beholder.   This argument reminds me of a quote from Arthur C. Clarke: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.  Until that technology is reached by those who at the time did not understand it. That still does not mean the act is supernatural.   aliens dont exist in the realm of the natural anymore than angels and devils or bigfoot does.  What is your definition of natural? I believe anything is natural if it occurs with supernatural intervention. If live can evolve on it's own here, why can't it evolve in another region of space in the so called goldie locks zone? If aliens evolved with what we think is unnatural abilities, but gained these abilities through natural evolution, why aren't their powers classified as natural?   furthermore, telekinetic power is not natural either (unless aliens, or bigfoot, naturally possess it, if they exist)  Correct. If something in the natural world posses a ability, it is therefore natural. For instance, let's assume that John Edwards is not faking it and he can actually talk to the dead. Wouldn't his powers be considered natural because they exist in nature and arouse in nature? Do not be so quick as to rule out life's many properties and pheneomana.
What is your definition of natural? I believe anything is natural if it occurs with supernatural intervention. If live can evolve on it's own here, why can't it evolve in another region of space in the so called goldie locks zone? If aliens evolved with what we think is unnatural abilities, but gained these abilities through natural evolution, why aren't their powers classified as natural?   Correct. If something in the natural world posses a ability, it is therefore natural. For instance, let's assume that John Edwards is not faking it and he can actually talk to the dead. Wouldn't his powers be considered natural because they exist in nature and arouse in nature? Do not be so quick as to rule out life's many properties and pheneomana. Similarly we could claim that God is naturally omnipotent, omniscient, invisible, etc. following your format, there's nothing less natural about omnipotence with God than telekinesis with aliens. why wouldnt God's nature be classified as natural just as well?
Ok, how's this for a defintion. If something obeys the "natural" laws, such as the laws of physics and chemistry, then it's natural. If it violates those laws, it's supernatural.   Of course, we don't know all the laws of physics, so we can't be absolutely sure if some thing is supernatural or not, but at least it's a working defintion. fair enough, though obviously insufficient. its a very open definition, so its not that useful. how about "if something violates the KNOWN natural laws, then its supernatural". there is no natural law that explains object levitation, for instance, so that would be considered as supernatural for the sake of this discussion
The problem with that defintion is that as we learn more, we'll most likely be shifting thing from the supernatural to natural category. Your definition allows us to categorize everything, at the risk of being wrong about some things. My definition only lets us definitivley categorize natural things, with everything else being in the "maybe supernatural/maybe hi-tech" group.  Phrased that way, your definition does seem the most useful. It does let us point at something and call it supernatural, even if we may need to change our minds later. this has been the definition of supernatural from the beginning. at one time people thought drought and floods had a supernatural influence and in response they would perform religious rituals and gestures to appease the supernatural source in their favor. now we are aware of the natural laws behind these phenomenon and dont refer to them as supernatural anymore. the definition of supernatural is very often subject to change  this further complicates the question to find proof of God's existence: lack of a definition. any given phenomenon can be viewed as "maybe thats God" until shown otherwise
with our current knowledge of physical laws, we can definitively classify levitating objects as supernatural, as well as morphing one object into another, as well as walking on water, restoring life to dead people, etc. if these phenomenon, as well as many others im sure you can think of, then it would definitely be considered supernatural. of course, we have never observed anything like this, and if we did we'd be very eager to find a natural explanation if one exists. but at least in principle, there are phenomenon that can be described as "supernatural"
yes, but then again, supernatural phenomenon could possibly have NO natural explanation and be genuinely supernatural. when we classify something as supernatural, we are saying "we dont know IF there is a natural explanation at all". it is true that a higher technology may be at work, but then again it could be that its the power of God. so far all observed phenonmenon to date have a natural explanation though, as far as I know
why wouldnt God's nature be classified as natural just as well?  Because God(s) by definition are supernatural. If I do recall correctly, God alledgely existed before the world we know, the natural world, was created. A being that existed outside the realm and timeframe of nature cannot be classified as natural because he/she/it did not arise in nature.   Kronus's Definition: If something obeys the "natural" laws, such as the laws of physics and chemistry, then it's natural. If it violates those laws, it's supernatural.   And therefore God violates natural laws.
Because God(s) by definition are supernatural. If I do recall correctly, God alledgely existed before the world we know, the natural world, was created. A being that existed outside the realm and timeframe of nature cannot be classified as natural because he/she/it did not arise in nature.   Kronus's Definition: If something obeys the "natural" laws, such as the laws of physics and chemistry, then it's natural. If it violates those laws, it's supernatural.   And therefore God violates natural laws. we had discussed this before. i just made the point about God being natural to counter kronus' point about aliens being natural (which are classified as "paranormal", basically the same as "supernatural")
so therefore, natural and supernatural have essentially no meaning then?
of course they do. the distinction is clear. supernatural pertain to phenomenon for which no known natural laws can explain. of course there are no such phenomenon in reality, but they exist in the imaginary, and need the term to define them.  you might be more correct to say there is no distinction between "paranormal" and "supernatural"
I don't think that works. First off, I've always thought of "paranormal" as refering to things which would be natural if they existed, but it's generally assumed that they don't. For example, if big foot was real, he'd just be a big ape thing with a good instinct for hiding, perfectly natural. But it's generally assumed he's not real, so he gets classified as paranormal.   And I don't understand what you mean when you say that supernatural phenomenon don't really exist. Are you saying that they simply don't exist at all, or that phenomenon that look supernatural do happen, but they really all have natural causes. oh ok, i agree on the big foot/loch ness/etc as being paranormal. i kinda overlooked that  if phenomenon that look supernatural are indeed natural, then theyre not supernatural. if nothing thought supernatural is truly supernatural, then the truly supernatural doesnt exist. maybe the safest thing to say is that the truly supernatural has never been observed in reality.
of course they do. the distinction is clear. supernatural pertain to phenomenon for which no known natural laws can explain. of course there are no such phenomenon in reality, but they exist in the imaginary, and need the term to define them.  you might be more correct to say there is no distinction between "paranormal" and "supernatural"  So what you are really saying is that everything we do not understand at this present moment is automatically supernatural, while everything we do know, but at some previous time was considered supernatural, is really natural?   Ignorances = supernatural Knowledge = natural
So what you are really saying is that everything we do not understand at this present moment is automatically supernatural, while everything we do know, but at some previous time was considered supernatural, is really natural?   Ignorances = supernatural Knowledge = natural actually, yeah, its something like that... supernatural until proven natural. although that still doesnt convey correctly because i think the default should be natural... but, somewhere along those lines
yeah, what are we trying to prove here again. The whole ignorance = super natural and knowledge = natural has totally screwed me up. It's like, why are we still here talking if that's the correct statement?
if god exists then which of your senses detects this god??... surely if the human being was created by god then wouldnt at least one of your senses detect him?? I am not asking this question to aggravate anyone I just want to know the answer, although im sure it will.
In fact I would say it's pretty much a pre-requisite for mere human senses to be unable to detect somthing such as God.
Hah! Yes I must say the pair of yours were especially tasty. Especially with some fava beans and a nice Chianti....
Wasn't the issue here the "therefore"?  I can envision the perfect "infinite number of things", yet it means nothing more than I'm capable of creative thought.  Also, geometry has some fundamental laws, it's based around them, so you can indeed "envision" things that result from application of those laws, and be pretty sure they are there. You just have to find them or prove them. Look back at Einstein's works and he predicted a great many things from his work, most of which we've found, years later, proof of. In some cases he showed conclusions which he argued AGAINST, but low and behold, they proved to be true anyway (quantum entanglement I think is an example).  But envisioning a "perfect being" is meaningless.  Another fallacy would be saying perfections lies outside the natural world, and God is certainly supernatural. If it's outside the natural world, we are incable of knowing it, so it's irrelevant.   -mach
What do you guys believe in, and why? Back up your beliefs, por favor. I'm gonna start off with something extremely general to **** some people off and get it started. Remember, this is just to get it started, i will explain myself agaisnt others later.  I dont believe in God, or at least not in the way that seems correct to some people. Any objections?  [Oh yea, and i am new to THESE boards, how do you create smilies and how to you do quotes at the bottom of your posts and how do you make quotes from other people (Bold and italics?)?? (Note: This is just a general question, not really part of the debate. Thanks! ^_^)]
What do you guys believe in, and why? Back up your beliefs, por favor. I'm gonna start off with something extremely general to **** some people off and get it started. Remember, this is just to get it started, i will explain myself agaisnt others later.  I do not beleive in God I see no reason to do so.  [Oh yea, and i am new to THESE boards, how do you create smilies and how to you do quotes at the bottom of your posts and how do you make quotes from other people (Bold and italics?)?? (Note: This is just a general question, not really part of the debate. Thanks! ^_^)]   You cannot create smilies. When you create a post you can add smilies to your post by clicking on the one you desire on the left side of your screen.   The bottom of your post... I presume your talking about signature. Click on user cp (top right) and edit your signature.  To quote something someone previously said as I have above copy and paste what the person has said into your post and highlight it Then hit the box to the left of the "#".
I don't believe in the God of the Bible because there are just too many logical contradictions to his existance in my opinion.
I believe in a God because it's only logical there is one.  Why is it logical? Who created god? Just because something may sound logical doesn't mean that it actually is. Without hard evidence to eventually back it up logic is only a mind and word game and not evidence in and of itself.
I am certain that there is Supreme Being because I don't think order can arise from disorder without intelligent assistance.  Who said that the universe was ordered? It may only appear to be ordered from our limited perception of it. Have you ever heard of Chaos Theory? And if it is ordered, who ordered the so-called intelligence you spoke of?
God always existed because in his dimension there is no time (so no beginning or end, it always is). I am already debating this in a separate thread, Does God Exist?.  And how do you know this is true? Oh I know, circular reasoning;  Bill: "God must exist."  Jill: "How do you know."  Bill: "Because the Bible says so."  Jill: "Why should I believe the Bible?"  Bill: "Because the Bible was written by God."   You have no real grounds for your belief, it is not logical at all. The way you are misusing logic is like this;  Since the sky is blue and the water is blue as well and both are made of the same thing than logic dictates that they are the same thing, so one can breathe just as easily under water as on dry land without aid.
God did not need to be created because time did not exist before the big bang singularity according to modern theoretical physics.  If time did not exist then words like 'beginning' and 'end' don't make sense.  How could anything exist outside of time? How would it tell the difference and why would it want to? And why would it be the Christian god? And if so why would it allow people to worship different gods before it? As religions go Christianity is quite young, and compared to others even Judaism quite young as well. I seem to remember hearing that Hindism is the world's oldest living religion. I'm not sure though.  Actually, there was no Big Bang. It was more of a Big Expansion.   Also,  "Randomness in nature is not proof that there is no God, it is impossible to prove conclusively that what appears to be random really is random... and even if the universe did arise from chaos a believer could reasonably argue that God elected chaos as best suited for that purpose" (Timothy Ferris The whole Shebang p.310) Chaos theory is fascinating stuff , I've only recently began studying it, but from what I can gather even chaos has connection and sequence. All things are united, they all flow together, nothing is alone.  Things that seem to be direct opposites are often linked together.  Like the butterfly illustration: a butterfly flaps it's wings in Tokyo and causes rain in New York.  What Chaos theory implies is that the smallest change can cause a wild unpredictable results.  What is it that binds these things together?Causes this harmony in all things? I think it's a common origin.  There is nothing to say that the universe itself couldn't have always existed as well and goes through cycles of expansion and collaspes over and over again.
I love it! He assumes I am a Christian, even though I in no way even mentioned Christianity in my argument.  Since you sound like your about twelve, let me explain a bit more. Christianity and God are separate. I do not base my belief in God because of Christianity. I base my type of God on Christianity. But what am I trying to prove to you? I am trying to prove that there is a God, not that there is a Christian God.  Same difference. 6 of one and half a dozen of another.
True, it was not a big bang. I realize this, but since it is the common term I made use of it.  No one mentioned Christianity or Judaism until you did. Since you brought it up Christianity is about love, goodness and faith. So is Judaism.  These religions only deal with the human plight: they are not scientific theories, they are not arguments.  Its true that they preach these things, but only in theory, usually not in practice. But then again from my experience most theists have a strange and limited idea of what love is.  Where does this idea come from? I have never heard it before. The Big Expansion theory is the only explanation I know of.  Besides if the universe has always existed than why hasn't it heated up from all the stars? Why isn't the light from the stars reaching us twenty-four seven?  It is a common theory. It is where the universe expends for a time and eventually gravity catches up with it and then cuases it to collapse into a single point again.  How about applying your question to your god. Why hasn't your god heated up and bloated out everything that we could see him/her/it 24/7?  You're saying that believeing in God is illogical. I'm showing you that it's not. There are scientific ideas that prove that God could exist and that belief in God is not illogical.  It is as logical as believing in the tooth fairy. "I know that I put a tooth under there before I went to sleep. Now there is a coin. It must be the tooth fairy since that is what my parents told me and they wouldn't lie to me..."
I love it! He assumes I am a Christian, even though I in no way even mentioned Christianity in my argument.  Since you sound like your about twelve, let me explain a bit more. Christianity and God are separate. I do not base my belief in God because of Christianity. I base my type of God on Christianity. But what am I trying to prove to you? I am trying to prove that there is a God, not that there is a Christian God. he says i sound twelve too.
Same difference. 6 of one and half a dozen of another.  I also don't believe in the Christian God although I do base my view of what God is on Christianity. The two types of Gods are similar but they are not the same.
he says i sound twelve too.  Well according to him I'm 13. But he's not far off. ;)
With you I'm just being a jerk when I say you're 13. You're really 14, correct? However, I'm completely hoenst when I say I believe gilligan's 12. i bet you do. you get real heated and defensive when i say something you don't want to hear. it's quite comical.
What doesn't make sense is believing that time and strings and quarks, and neutrons and protons could just arise from oblivion.  Don't you believe that God appeared out of oblivion? If not then you probably believe that God was always there. Couldn't the argument then be made that the universe was just always there?
I also don't believe in the Christian God although I do base my view of what God is on Christianity. The two types of Gods are similar but they are not the same.  That makes no sense at all.
What some people do has nothing to do with what the truth really is.  Some?  I think I may have read of this somewhere. Still, it does not explain where the universe came from. In order to be expanding it needs a big expansion something to force it outwards.  The same place your god came from? :)  ? I don't get your question. My point was that if the universe was eternal, the stars would have heated up the universe by now, in fact, this question was what caused the big expansion theory to be formed.  By the way, the man who first expressed the big expansion theory was a Jesuit priest  named Georges Lamaitre. Also, if the universe is eternal, why hasn't everything happened already?  I've heard creationists use the same question when they also try to disprove that the universe is around 15 billion years old instead of their 10,000 years. BTW, if Earth didn't have its magnetic shield we would fry from the Sun and Cosmic background radiation as well as other such nasty things. :)  There is one school of thought that says that time is a loop with no real beginning or end. Maybe everything has happened. Whatever everything is? :)  I never really belived in the tooth fairy. Or Santa Clause, or the Easter bunny. I enjoyed hearing the stories but, I never really excepted them as real.  I find that hard to believe. Not even as a small child?  The concept of a Prime Mover of the Universe is much bigger than a coin under a pillow.  Why? Who moved the mover?  You say you do not believe in the Christian God but, you still belive the uneducated Christian people who tell you that God is some magical being who lives in the sky but, that is not what God is. The concept of God is a concept that makes alot of sense.  People create god in thier own image. You are no different.  What doesn't make sense is believing that time and strings and quarks, and neutrons and protons could just arise from oblivion.  It makes more sense than what you believe which is "Puff, GODDIDIT!". We can show that these things exist, we can't show that god exists.  Define oblivion in this context? Is it a place without time and form? Isn't that where you say you god came from?  You can believe that your god came from nothing, or has existed forever, but you can't accept the same of the universe. The difference is that the universe is easy to prove its existence, it is not so easy to prove god's existence.   You believe in god because you want to, not because of any real evidence. Read my thread "Why People want to believe there is a god." and you'll see this.
That makes no sense at all.  Differences between my belief of what God is and the Christian God. I don't believe that the Bible accurately depicts God in a few areas. Does that make sense?
Differences between my belief of what God is and the Christian God. I don't believe that the Bible accurately depicts God in a few areas. Does that make sense?  Yes, you are creating god in your image.   If the bible is suppose to be the inspired word of god than how can you say that it doesn't depict god accurately? Who are you to disagree with god? :)
Yes, you are creating god in your image.   For the most part, yes. But this is also true of anyone who believes in God and is the reason people can debate all day about what God is. Everyone has their own image of God.  If the bible is suppose to be the inspired word of god than how can you say that it doesn't depict god accurately? Who are you to disagree with god? :)  I disagree with the people who wrote the book. I don't trust that they were accurate especially due to some Ezekial verses which I fully believe are inaccurate. If there is just one inaccuracy in the Bible then the rest of it is moot unless it can be proven. Since I have found an inaccuracy then there is no reason for me to believe that God is as he is depicted in the Bible. Hence I feel that God has allowed me to make this discovery for a reason and that my understanding of him has grown because of it. Since then I have based my belief of him on what he allows me to understand about him and this has helped me form my image of God.
For the most part, yes. But this is also true of anyone who believes in God and is the reason people can debate all day about what God is. Everyone has their own image of God.  The problem comes when they want all to share the same image and will do what it takes to make sure of that.  I disagree with the people who wrote the book. I don't trust that they were accurate especially due to some Ezekial verses which I fully believe are inaccurate.  They are suppose to have been divinely guided and thus inerrant. That the fault isn't in the bible, but in you. That you have to have faith and not question the will of god since god works in mysterious ways. [Note: sarcasm]  If there is just one inaccuracy in the Bible then the rest of it is moot unless it can be proven.  That also puts your entire belief in god into question as well since all we know of god of Christianity is from the bible.  Since I have found an inaccuracy then there is no reason for me to believe that God is as he is depicted in the Bible. Hence I feel that God has allowed me to make this discovery for a reason and that my understanding of him has grown because of it. Since then I have based my belief of him on what he allows me to understand about him and this has helped me form my image of God.  You know, in the old days they would have burned you at the stake as a heretic for even voicing such a question.
why are you so sure you know form whence god came? i believe, that if there is/was a god, then we could have no knowledge of anything related ot him, so your "evidence" is rubbish. it's all theory, like science, except science is to explain what we can percieve, not speculation on what we want.
This is my post. It talks about microwave  observation  (or perception) that indicates that the universe was once a primeaval atom. Which part is speculation? sounds as plausable as saying god is and always has been, although, atoms are more logical than a fairy that praises or damns you after death.
God did not 'come' from anywhere, time did not exist before the big bang so God does not have a beginning. Life outside of spacetime is stagnant there is no time.  Who told you this? If that is true then how would god tell the difference if one moment is exactly like any other moment? If you're in the same instant for an eternity how would you tell the difference? It is quite illogical.  Space and Time are tangled up, this is what modern physicists believe.  The universe is spacetime. So if the Universe did not exist neither did time.  Unless the universe has always existed in a repeating cycle of expansion and collapse.  Yes, but remember space and time are connected. The Universe is spacetime. So saying that the universe is in a time loop is the same as saying that space is static and has been here always which is not very probable considering the findings made by physicists in the past century.  Maybe, maybe not.  The answer to that argument is that the Universe is expanding, so light does not heat up the Universe, that is also why we have not reached a thermal equilibrium and observations of background radiation have shown that the density in the Universe was once 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons per cubic inch, meaning that the matter in the Universe was once on top of one another in the 'primeval atom' Lamaitre talked about.  If you want to disgagree take it up with Stephen Hawking, becase i got this from his book.  It still agrees with what I'm saying.  Besides, What does thier argument have to do with my argument? I never said the Universe was only 10,000 years old. You said the concept of God is illogical, I say it's not. I say that there is plenty of evidence of God.  I had said that that was the same arguement used by creationists to dismiss an old universe. And it is.  I haven't as of yet seen you present any credible, verifible, or unbiased evidence to back up what you are asserting.  I'm not talking about a Hebrew war God here. I'm talking about the only God there is, a Supreme Being who governs the Universe and who is only concerned with the make-up of the Universe, of which we are a part.  Same god.  You haven't presented any evidence against God. All you've been using are 'what ifs' and posing ad hominem arguments against Christians.  You forget than I'm an agnostic and that there can be no evidence either way. The burden of proof is not mine, it is yours.  Do you have any proof that God is a figment of the imagination? So far the only God you've been debating about is the traditional Pentecostal or Catholic God. You seem to think that the only God people believe in is the God they taught about in Sunday school. I don't think you know why people believe in God (or gods). I'm talking about a Prime Mover, a God of quantum mechanics, a God of chaos theory, a God that can be understood.  You keep mentioning these people who just believe. But I 've seen many different religions and I can tell you there are people out there who know rather than believe. They understand everything, biology, astronomy, ecology, physics. And they are not on some personal vendetta against a certain religion.  People create god in their own image. You're no different.   oblivion- n. the condition of being forgotten or unknown.  In other words the universe came from an understandable origin.  Understandable by whom?   I was an eccentric child. I still am.  Apparently. :)
sounds as plausable as saying god is and always has been, although, atoms are more logical than a fairy that praises or damns you after death.  I had once heard a silly theory that there is only really one atom in the universe called a Chronotron and that it is everywhere at once making up everything so that we are all just a part of it. And if we destroyed this chronotron then everything would cease to exist. Silly, huh? :)
I had once heard a silly theory that there is only really one atom in the universe called a Chronotron and that it is everywhere at once making up everything so that we are all just a part of it. And if we destroyed this chronotron then everything would cease to exist. Silly, huh? :) weird, it could be that our universe is the atom of another much, much (understated) larger creature and that creature's universe is an atom in a much, much, much, much (understated) large creature. etc.  see? anything is possible. god is as relevant as my thery above: an endless cycle of atoms in atoms in atoms than make up our universe and the infinity more universes. who made these universes? who says it has to be created? i believe it is beyond our comprehension to even begin to comment on it.
Parcum:  Long time no debate. I think your signature line is a bit over the top. Funny, but over the top. oh, he's got the quote right, he just failed to mention i was speaking of the fetus.
Stephen Hawking's the Universe in a Nutshell, chapter two page thirty five. I dare you to write a letter to Stephen Hawking and tell him his ideas are illogical. That is one debate I'm certain you'll lose.  I happen to know that Hawkings makes no comments about god. Plus, he isn't stating it as fact as of yet.  General relativity does not allow for that. Now you're arguing with Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking.  I've read Hawking's "A Brief History Of Time" and I seem to remember him mentioning something like what I had said.   Einstein didn't agree with Quantum Mechanics either. :)  Now whose ignoring reason?  You are.   :p No, it doesn't. The microwave observation shows that th Universe was once n one little tight ball. The microwaves shows that all the matter in the Universe was once in one tight seed. It used to be trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion tons per inch dense.  What this means is that the Universe was packed tight just like Lamaitre said it was.  What do you think the universe will collaspe into?  You haven't? You said that the existence of God is illogical,  I'm showing that according modern physics, it's not so unlikely after all.  How does mordern physics show the existence of god?  What characteristics do they share? The Hebrew war God was only concerned with the Jews. The true Surpreme Being of the Universe is concerned with the entire cosmos. The Hebrew War god was on a homicidal rampage throughout Jewish history, The supreme Being I'm talking about sits back and allows humans to deal with thier own affairs. Go makes nature, God deals with the Natural. Man created poverty and war and money and real estate, man deals with those things.  The difference between the real Prime Mover and the Hebrew God is enormous. YOu just assume they are the same because the Sunday School God is the only God you know about.  Old testament and new testament. Both are the same god.  [quote]It seems to me that your leaning to the atheist side without reason to do so. Religion from thee latin word for reconnecting as in reconnecting with God. You are determined to prove there is no God, but you arguing against religion. You can't argue against religion because religion is a matter of opinion.[quote]  Religion is the expression of belief in a god or higher being.   I can tell you have not studied many religions. Because every refernce you make to God is about your typical Sunday School God.  I have been to Buddhist and Taoist temples, I have been Catholic Methodist and Non-denominational, I have studied Wicca and Paganism.  Everything i heard from these people was opinion. Not actual fact. If you want to learn something about God, you should not look at any kind of religion. Instead look at nature. Look at quantum mechanics and self-similarity. Study the Fibonacce sequence and Koch's curve, understand relativity.   They all have something in common. They want answers and to make sense of the world around them. How they do it is irrrelevant.  People did not create God in thier image.  God mmade everything in It's image. It drew a picture of itself and humans just evolved and adpated to everything else.  Prove this.   [quote]By humanity, of course  The Universe came from somewhere undestandable by humans meaning we can trace the Univere's history back until we come a 'day without yesterday' then we can understand where it came from. The Big bang is not above the human understanding.[quote]  Actually they can only trace it back to the barest of fractions of a second after the "Big Bang". All that may have occured before that is a mystery.   Abnormality rocks! emoticon_xagree  And nothing indicates anything either Charchuk or Gilligan has suggested. No modern Physicist has found evidence to support those two ideas.  That's the gist of what I'm saying. You claim believing in God is illogical, but I have shown that it is not.  I have pointed out that a Supreme Being could exist.  Why could it exist?  What sounds plausible is irrelevant. What is plausible is more to the point.  Can you tell the difference?  By the way, neither of you have listed any sources.  Irrelevant. All is only opinion, even if it is educated opinion. You are misusing it to your own ends.
Just as an aside, heat requires a medium for transmission. The majority of space is a vacuum, therefore it does not transmit heat. However, light does transmit heat in the form of radiation when it hits something.  Go outside of the Earth's magnetic shield without protection and see how long it takes you to fry. :)
What are you 6?  You will actually freeze. It is very cold in space. Ever watch apollo 13? They nearly froze. Heat requires a medium for transmission. it si a physical reality. Period. When you have studied physics let me know.  Actually the side facing away from from the Sun will freeze solid, but the side facing the Sun will boil, but you'll only have to worry about for a short time since you'll explode from lack of pressure. :)  Lastly, Mysterium gave you book and page number on Hawkings comments on God. You simply say that you know for a fact that he does not comment on god. Now you are just lying. He makes comments on god in his book "A Brief History of Time" One of the things he says is that his particular condition (Lou Gehrigs Disease) gives him a great deal of time to contemplate god.  I had heard that he no longer makes such references anymore from the biography on A&E. They got him into too much trouble. :)  Though, I found this passage in the ebook version of the book which meantions what I had said about the universe running in a cycle.  It is in CHAPTER 3 THE EXPANDING UNIVERSE  In the first kind of Friedmann model, which expands and recollapses, space is bent in on itself, like the surface of the earth. It is therefore finite in extent. In the second kind of model, which expands forever, space is bent the other way, like the surface of a saddle. So in this case space is infinite. Finally, in the third kind of Friedmann model, with just the critical rate of expansion, space is flat (and therefore is also infinite).  But which Friedmann model describes our universe? Will the universe eventually stop expanding and start contracting, or will it expand forever? To answer this question we need to know the present rate of expansion of the universe and its present average density. If the density is less than a certain critical value, determined by the rate of expansion, the gravitational attraction will be too weak to halt the expansion. If the density is greater than the critical value, gravity will stop the expansion at some time in the future and cause the universe to recollapse.  I have also read a brief History of Time. I have also read schoedingers cat and I have studied relativistic and quantum physics. And you?  It seems you have been caught in a contradiction.  I have touched on them a little.
quite correct on the freezing/boiling bit. However, it is not heat that is transmitted. The light energy will be quite hot, but only from the light. It is not heat radiated through space. Plus, boiling actually occurs due to lack of pressure as does the explosion of all blood vessels in a very short time.  So therefore there can't be a heat death from a too old a universe.   Still, note my apollo 13 example. The capsule was freezing. Even though a part of it faced the sun. That is because heat requires a medium.  Isn't heat (Caused by IR or microwaves) just another form of radiation?   I don't actually know what Hawking believes, but I do know that he contemplates god.  Only in what others interpret on what the universe is. His primary goal was not to find god, or even to prove god's existence, but to find out how the universe "works".
Finding out how the Universe works is key in finding out about God.   Or that god isn't needed tp explain the universe.  Stephen Hawking would agree I think because he said: "If we do discover a complete unified theory(of the Universe) , it should be in time understandble in broad principle by everyone not just a few scientists. Then we shall all, philosophers, scientists and just ordinary people be able to take part in the discussion of the question of why it is that we and the Universe exist, If we find the answer to that, it would be hte ultimate triumph of human reason- for then we should know the mind of God. Obviously, Hawking does not feel that the concept of God is illogical any more than I do.  Or else he was just speaking metaphorically.   [quoute]"If the Universe was static and infinite in every direction, every line of sight would end in a star, which would make the night sky as bright as the sun"[/quote]  I didn't say that it was infinite in every direction. What I had said tis that is expands for a time and then recollapses.  The universe in a nutshell pg 73 The Universe is not static, it has not always been here. There was very probably a first cause.  probably.  "He (Einstein) thought that the Universe might have a previous contracting phase, with a bounce into the present expansion at a fairly moderate density. However, we now knw that i order for nuclear reactions in the early Universe to produce the amounts of light elements we bserve around us, the density must have been at least 10 tons per cubic inch and the temperature 10 billion degrees. Further, observations of the of the microwave background indicate that the density was probably once a trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion tons per cubic inch. We also now know that Einsteins general theory of relativity does not allow the universe to bounce from a contracting phase to the present expansion. As will be discussed in chapter 2, Roger Penrose and I were able to show that general relativity predicts that time has a beginning, although he was never happy with the idea.  If time has a beginning than so must god. Without time there is no change.
I don't think what the Universe has shown us . I think it's too complex to be an accident.  Given enough time anything will become complex. :)  Highly unlikely, considering the number of times he mentions God (in relation to physics) in his book "The Universe in a Nutshell" Obviously, I love this book. i like that it is neutral. It seeks to prove nothing it just lays out the facts and predicts what should come next like any good scientific work should.  Weren't most of the references in relation to what St Augustine, Newton, and others had said about their interpretations of the universe?  A first cause without a cause? Is this what you're telling me? Do you think there was a first cause that just happened without reason?  It is the same problem with the concept of god as well. Asserting that god was "outside" of time is meaningless. It is nothing more than speculation using belief only as your evidence. And why would god want to create time? Things tend to wear out and there goes your perfect system. :)  I just seen the NOVA episode "The Elegant Universe". It is quite interesting and it does present an eternal (multi)universe as one theory. Not quite the same as what I had spoke about, though, but still one.
Actually, I don't know the answer for sure on this one. I believe (from my physics classes) that the universe is much more likely to die cold, not hot. Heat is being lost from kinetic to potential energy all the time. It is Kinetic that makes heat.  So, it could still oscillate over great expanses of time and noit produce the heat death which some assert?   Light is a form of radiation that does produce heat when it contacts a body. Heat (increased temperature) requires a medium (law of physics) to be conducted. Space is very cold. Apollo 13 folks had temperatures in the area of water freezing during part of the return voyage. One of the crew had a cold and was having a tough time because of the cold.  Dispite its name a cold isn't caused by being cold. It is caused by a virus. ;)   Light itself doesn't have heat. It's radiant energy causes the electrons in other objects to become more excited. It is the movement of these electrons which produces greater kinetic energy and heat. In a vacuum there are very few electrons relative to the empty space and therefore heat is not transmitted. Light radiation produces far less heat than the heat necessary to produce the light. Shine a light on a thermometer for a while and measure the increase in temperature. Then turn on the stove until it gets red (light production) and measure the temperature. I would say do this with the filament of the light bulb (which would be more proper) but if you broke the glass of the bulb the filament would burn up rapidly.  I remember reading somewhere that if a body were suddenly exposed to space, without protection, that the side facing the Sun would boil and the side facing away would freeze. Plus, the thermal shields on the shuttle aren't just to protect the ship on takeoff and re-entry either. They protect the side which faces the Sun as well from the heat. Space itself doesn't produce, or absorb heat, but any object in it can absorb it and thus "heat up". An example is when you go out on a "sunny" day. the "heat" you are feeling is actually ultraviolet and IR as well as other "harmful" radiation. A sunburn in reality is a radiation burn as if one walked into a nuclear reactor. The Earth's magnetic field and O-Zone layer is all that is protecting us from getting fully "cooked". Mars doesn't have a strong magnetic field or O-Zone layer. At a few inches off of the surface it would be a comfortable temp for us, but above that in the day it is quite high, and at night quite low. Enough to roast and freeze any unprotected life. Visible light is only a very small part of what the Sun produces.  Agreed, it was not his primary goal to find god or to prove god. However, He does consider God. The point being, he is willing to consider the possibility.  Maybe, but most likely not in the same context as some would like. :)
Can you elaborate? You know, maybe explain why he is worthy of praise and honor. What tells you he has a sense of humor? How did you come to know him so well in the confines of reality? I have yet to hear anything from god and my faith is dwindling. Either that or my intelect has outgrown my faith, whether its a good thing or a bad thing.   The truth is out there...  Edit: Yea, shouldnt this be in the religion section...?
"God' is a figure that humanity created so that life would not be dull adn so that we would have reasurance(sp) that there is an after life 'God' is a symbol of how sad and corrupt humanityt really is, think about it, god is supposed to be a being that created this world that gives you hope and that causes miracles, but where was "GOd' during semptember 11th where was "God' when 3000 people lost there lifes because terrorists decided that they shold fly a plane into the Twin Towers. where was god when the columbine shootings occured where is god for the soldiers who are losing there lifes in Iraq. I ask you where is this almighty force.
Possibly he's an evil vengeful god, always working against us. He was in the minds of all our enemies... You never know, that is just as justifiable as Rapture's comment, maybe even more justifiable...
wow, these posts are very convincing.
Rapture, you make no point and push me further and further away from belief everytime you speak. I have seen other posts by you and each one has a similar effect. You do not help your cause.   In fact, that is one of the few things you can be excommunicated for by the Catholic church, steering people away from Christianity. I don't know if you're Catholic but i know your god doesnt appreciate it.    Yea, you really didn't answer any of my questions...
i'll say it again: "these posts are all VERY 'convincing.'"  rapture, how come only you know the truth about who god is and what everyone else says is not true. why would you know better than anyone else? please explain.
Can you show me where God promises a perfect life?  What kind of God creates a world in which rapists, killers, terrorists go free? Or third world countries in which people are lucky to get one meal a day?
So, what exactly is the point of this life if there is a perfect one that follows? If it is to test our obediance to god what about the people that are never informed of him? If not that and it is to see who has led the most "righteous" lifes, how can he determine?   Everyone's actions, although sometimes seemingly stupid and spontaneous to others are always somehow justified to the person, otherwise, why would they do them? For example, if you were to know the whole truth of any murderer's life, you could find some justification in there actions or at least see why they did what they did. It might be that they were beaten as a child or were corrupted at an early age or had some mental anominally but there is most likely some reason.   So, if we are truly god's children and he truly knows our motives and our reasons then why would some of us be sentenced to hell for eterninity? To teach us some lesson for our short lives? It seems rediculous to me. If there truly is a god, I'm doubting that the majority of us people are hellbound. Especially if we are to except Jesus into our hearts and only a good 30% of the world is raised Christian, what's that saying to devout muslims, bhudists, and all other religions that live good lifes?  I think it's XXXX. It's fun to believe, if it helps you lead a better life than so be it, but to say that I'm going to hell for my logical justified beliefs and that you are promised an eternity of splender because of your illogical justified beliefs is a straight up lie. It was a way to gain power over ignorant people in the early days and still is today.   The only thing that still offers some hope is the fact that normally this power corrupts everyone. Supposedly, Jesus remained true until his death, never broke his balls for nobody. He refrained from sin and although he could have taken advantage of the power at hand, he held strong. If he had been corrupted by the power he would have been forgotten with history and would have just been another power hungry religious leader. I do repect the man, if what is said about his life is true.  However, to believe all the other things is to be ignorant.  Ninja
Many Christians claim that God is good and that God is love. How is it that God is love, but not hate?  Did not he purposefully create hate and love?
Humans are about the furthest thing from perfect. The bible IS perfect, it's flawless. You can't take anything from it and prove it to be incorrect. The only thing that even comes close is misinterpretations of certain sentences. there is the exact-translation bible that contradicts itself constantly.
Subtract the "B's" in Bible and rearange the letters and you get "Lie."  Why?
Gilligan:  I am curious. I have never heard of this item. Do you know what hermaneutics they use in translation? Do you know how they determine word meanings? It is not an exact science, there is some art to it. Can you give me a link to it and it's presuppositions in interpretation?  this bible is hard to read; it takes the hebrew and/or greek word and does a literal translation of this word. extremely hard to read, but you may miss certain aspects of the bible when it's written in this "art" you speak of. no flow what-so-ever.
Wow  I have seen some very thought provoking arguments posted here, as well as a lot of hogwash. But it seems to me, for a question posed about who or what is god, the answers have all been pretty homogenous, that is, they all seem to be referring to the abrahamic religion's (christianity, judaism, islam) version of god. Whether they claim to know for a fact such a "being" exists, and "his" nature, or to the opposite. Oh, wait, there was the cosmic vapor thing, lol. But I have not yet seen one reference to any other possible definition of god. It's as if these three religions and none are the only that ever existed. Well... that's what I'm here for. Actually, a minority of the world's people beleive in this definition. Yes, christianity is the largest religion, next is Islam. but when you place these monotheistic religions next to other belief systems, you see that indeed, more people don't believe in God (as he has been defined here) than do. Religions such as Hinduism claim literally hundreds of deities, each with their own traits and powers. And buddhism contains the word god, as one of the ten realms (which I will elaborate on if need be) Simply put, a god is just another state of being that we all experience regularly, and it is not the highest.  Below are the statistics I use to make these claims... copied directly from Adherents.com, which is a collection of over 41,000 adherent statistics and religious geography citations .  I hope this might preclude the notion that one person's idea of god is correct, true, definite, ultimate...etc.   (Sizes shown are approximate estimates, and are here mainly for the purpose of ordering the groups, not providing a definitive number. This list is sociological/statistical in perspective.)   Christianity: 2 billion Islam: 1.3 billion Hinduism: 900 million Secular/Nonreligious/Agnostic/Atheist: 850 million Buddhism: 360 million Chinese traditional religion: 225 million primal-indigenous: 150 million African Traditional & Diasporic: 95 million Sikhism: 23 million Juche: 19 million Spiritism: 14 million Judaism: 14 million Baha'i: 6 million Jainism: 4 million Shinto: 4 million Cao Dai: 3 million Tenrikyo: 2.4 million Neo-Paganism: 1 million Unitarian-Universalism: 800 thousand Rastafarianism: 700 thousand Scientology: 600 thousand Zoroastrianism: 150 thousand
If you have a link to it that would be helpful.  It is very hard to do a literal translation word for word as the hebrew and greek often have complex thoughts within a single word. One of the reasons that I believe there are different translations of the bible around (NASB, NIV, NKJ, etc) is that they all give a different flavor to the same text. it gives one a fuller meaning for understanding. When I study to learn what the text says, I usually use the NASB as it was written using very strict translational standards and uses symbols, fonts etc to tell you what they did in the translation. However, I will look at various other versions to help give me a better sense of what is being said. I also use a greek/hebrew/aramaic interlinear and a strongs concordance and vines dictionaries to learn the definitions and usage of the time.   There is a translation called Youngs Literal Translation that also trys to do it litterally, and as you say, is extremely hard to read. i believe it is the youngs, or something like that.  the symbol thing is interesting; i'd like to look into that.
God, were I to believe in it, is perfection. Contained to no religion, sex, or creed and yet pertaining to all religions, sexes, and creeds. Absolute everything.  Unfortunately, I do not agree on arguements that would indicate that God is all Good. I cannot believe it is possible that a being of Good would allow Evil to exist, which is why I cannot believe in Satan.   Secondly, a being of perfection sees the past, present, and future. If he's all that perfect, than he already knows what choices each of us will make. He knows the outcome of all humanity. Do we really have free will if our lives have been predetermined before we were even created. Same for Satan, he musta known Satan was an evil bastard ahead of time. Why do it?  Because I cannot believe in a power of which is all Evil, I would have to conclude that God is the essence of all good and evil as defined by our logical vocabularies. So I have three choices to choose from: 1.)God is all. 2.)God is all Good. and 3.)God isn't. Thus, I have chosen door number 3.) God isn't.  Unfortunately, this is my logical self speaking. I don't necessarily agree with my own logic. There is something else outside. Something that logic cannot touch, but that is a different discussion for another day.    Leviathan
OK, first off, this thread is for people who are either partially convinced about the existence of God, or have some problem with the nature of God as they understand it. this is not a thread where evidence is needed, just opinions and personal persuasions. if you believe God exists or have absolutely no doubt that God exists, then you can contribute, but its not the intention of this thread to prove that God exists or not. its just to explore the reasons why people believe or doubt whatever about God
personally, I have a problem with the manifestation of God's power, or should I say the lack of manifestation.   all the Gospels as well as the book of Acts, not to mention the Old Testament, are saturated with stories of miraculous deeds that are obviously supernatural, provide that they did indeed happen. Specifically in the New Testament, Jesus granted to his disciples the ability to perform the miracles that he did. numerous times he also promised that the same (and even greater) power would be given to everyone that believed on him.  the lifestyle Jesus modelled is very humanly possible, and anyone can follow it: "love God with all your heart, love others as yourself". I know I have the discipline within me to do that for the rest of my life. the trade-off of course would be the power to do miracles, just like Jesus did. What troubles me is, if I live that way for the rest of my life, am I guaranteed to obtain the power of God? if living the way Jesus did was so easy, how come nobody else is doing it? and if they are, how come they are not getting the results Jesus got?  Every promise in the Bible is conditional. It got to a point in my mind where I said "if I hold my end of the bargain, will God hold His?" In a world where there are so many God-believing Jesus-following people, why isnt there one single miracle being performed, like those in the Bible? why arent whither hands being outstretched? why arent scales falling off blind peoples' eyes? why aren't mountains being moved and storms being calmed?  my problem is this: if the works of Jesus were really possible, why isnt it being done today? if you do what Jesus did, you should get what Jesus got, right? either that or a) nobody is really doing what Jesus did, b) even if you do what Jesus did, you wont get his results, c) Jesus didnt do what the Bible said he did  if a) is true, then Jesus' model of living is not attainable at all, which means that noone is truly a christian. if b) is true, then the works of Jesus may be true, but the conditional promises in the Bible are not. if c) is true, then the Bible contains lies  the thing is, I'm not even that concerned about personally attaining supernatural power. for me its a matter of faith. not all the works Jesus did were physical miracles. but why is it that nobody has supernatural power? not even the people that believe in God for the right reasons have the power to do miracles. is this power attainable at all? is it real?
Without question my largest beef with God would have to be the fact that according to the Bible you need to believe in God in some fashion or another in order to make it into heaven. The reason this is my beef with him is because it is much more difficult to believe in him when you are born in India than if you are born in the US or Europe. The Indian culture is that of Hinduism and a mix of other religions unlike that of the US and Europe which is primarily Christian. That means being born in the US or Europe gives you a better chance of making it to heaven as you are more likely to end up being a Christian and believing in God. Would the be at all fair if this were the case? My answer is plainly and simply no! It is idiotic infact. If God existed and he was perfect then almost without a doubt he would have to base getting into heaven on the actions of a person instead of the beliefs of a person to be fair. His system would not be at all perfect if being born in one place means you get into heaven while being born in another place means you don't get into heaven. Furthermore this means that he needs to take into consideration other influences on your life including whether or not your parents or community were proper places to grow up and whether or not you were ever given the proper situation in which to change your life to God's expectations. If not given any opportunities or given very few and still turning out to be a decent person should be better than if you turned out to be a decent person and were given many opportunities to end up this way. God in all his perfection would need a very complicated system to judge who gets into heaven in order for it to be fair but I just don't see spelled out in the Bible.
I guess my Beef isn't with God, more with the assumptions that:  1. It exists 2. It's paying attention to us and cares 3. The Bible or any other book is "God"s word  I was brought up a Christian, but that started to fade the same time as the Easter Bunny and Father Christmas. I mean the Bible has some valid things to suggest, such as wash your feet after taking a dump and don't kill people, but it also suggests killing anyone who does pretty much ANYTHING on a Sunday, I take it easy on a Sunday myself, have a good sleep after the previous night out, and Sunday afternoon protected and unwed sex is great... oops. The only thing i've honestly taken from it is that you should treat people in the same way as you'd like to be treated. My Beef with God then, can only be, WHAT HAS HE EVER DONE FOR ME! I don't have a bad life, but come on, I want more! And before you ask God, no, Jesus dying wasn't enough, he's a God, he gets to sit around with you and relax now! Perhaps i'll still draw the line at denying the Holy Spirit, apparently the only unforgivable sin...
OK, first off, this thread is for people who are either partially convinced about the existence of God, or have some problem with the nature of God as they understand it. this is not a thread where evidence is needed, just opinions and personal persuasions. if you believe God exists or have absolutely no doubt that God exists, then you can contribute, but its not the intention of this thread to prove that God exists or not. its just to explore the reasons why people believe or doubt whatever about God  you mean like partially pregnant or almost pregnant or almost a virgin?  I don't have a beef with God, I only pick on guys shorter or weaker than I.emoticon_xgood
Without question my largest beef with God would have to be the fact that according to the Bible you need to believe in God in some fashion or another in order to make it into heaven. The reason this is my beef with him is because it is much more difficult to believe in him when you are born in India than if you are born in the US or Europe. The Indian culture is that of Hinduism and a mix of other religions unlike that of the US and Europe which is primarily Christian. That means being born in the US or Europe gives you a better chance of making it to heaven as you are more likely to end up being a Christian and believing in God. Would the be at all fair if this were the case? My answer is plainly and simply no! It is idiotic infact. If God existed and he was perfect then almost without a doubt he would have to base getting into heaven on the actions of a person instead of the beliefs of a person to be fair. His system would not be at all perfect if being born in one place means you get into heaven while being born in another place means you don't get into heaven. Furthermore this means that he needs to take into consideration other influences on your life including whether or not your parents or community were proper places to grow up and whether or not you were ever given the proper situation in which to change your life to God's expectations. If not given any opportunities or given very few and still turning out to be a decent person should be better than if you turned out to be a decent person and were given many opportunities to end up this way. God in all his perfection would need a very complicated system to judge who gets into heaven in order for it to be fair but I just don't see spelled out in the Bible.   Why would anyone want to get to Heaven? Archangel and people like him would be there, praying and chanting 24/7 . Thanks but no thanks!
Like the old joke says: A newly arrived Rabbi was talking to St Peter at the gates of Heaven, and asked 'Who is behind that high wall with all the gates, over in the distance? St Peter replied: "That's the evangelicals - they think they're the only ones here!'" The average person has only to look at those who believe most vehemently about their personal ultimate destination, and with apologies to Marx, think: "I wouldn't want to join a club that would have THEM as a member!"
Man, I'd hate to be around when you take a dump if you need to wash your feet afterward. emoticon_xdonno  My point with this is that the toilets around the time of Jesus would have been holes in the ground that everyone shared use of, similar to those in the poorest regions of Africa, which result in Cholera and other such disease. Cleaning your feet regularly was introduced by these teachings, and as a result the spread of disease was restricted.  Another major fault with Christianity is that in order to fulfill prophecy, Jesus had to be a decendant of David, but as this is traced on Joseph's side, either this bit's wrong, or the virgin birth bit is. Either way, prophecy fail!
I would suggest that you study the facts and not the unbelievers propaganda before writing Him off as nonexistent.What are those "facts" that would rule out God's non-existence?
God, the god of Judaism, Christianity and Islam, has been a totally lousy deity -- and I'm not given any commendations to any other gods either.  The omnipotent deity of these three religions has spread death, destruction and warfare throughout the world.  People have been massacred because they were the wrong religion or held the wrong theological views, um, just to name one, the massacre of the Cathars by Roman Catholics in the 13th century by order of Pope Innocent III. I must say, some "innocent"!
I have no beef with god, it is with his followers. As Simone has mentioned, It does more harm in the world to believe than not to believe.
God, the god of Judaism, Christianity and Islam I FINALLY SEE THE LIGHT.  God is Triune in nature! God the Father = Jews God the Son = Christians God the holy hell raiser = Muslims.  Martin Luther King Jr, Mahatma Gandhi, Dom Helda Camara, Corrie Ten Boom These aren't 'good people' Jo. They just had good PR.
Ah yes, Martin Luther King Jr, Mahatma Gandhi, Dom Helda Camara, Corrie Ten Boom; to start a list that could run into the millions, all did such damage as a result of their faith emoticon_cool   Your right, i should have stated "not all", none the less even if you could name a million who did wonders with their faith the death toll for those who have perished by it runs into the billions. I stand by what i said, it does more harm than good.
secular religions such as Communism, Capitalism, Nazism and Fascism had done real harm and killed millions of people
secular religions such as Communism, Capitalism, Nazism and Fascism had done real harm and killed millions of people  Hi Winston, this is very true, but this is a thread about "peoples beef with god", secular religions do not have a god (deity). If the thread were titled "whats your beef with religion" then your response would be more fitting.  I am defending my response to the op's question. My beef was with the followers (not all) of god (the deity) causing more harm than good. Not with god him/herself :)
Originally Posted by hollyh  I have no beef with god, it is with his followers. As Simone has mentioned, It does more harm in the world to believe than not to believe.   You are right about Mans religion holly, but pure and undefiled religion which God represents is pure and PERFECTLY defined by two words; UNCONDITIONAL LOVE. So, if your beef was with the proper object of your discontent, it would be with Man who corrupts Gods truths, not with God in any way.  Isn't that exactly what she said?  Holly - I have no beef with god, it is with his followers.  Archie - if you have a beef . . . it would be with man . . not with god . .   Why did you bother?
My intent was to clarify the difference between Mans corrupted forms of religion and Gods true religion and what it represents. In other words, even though there are many corrupted forms of religion, I was encouraging her that the true religion can still be found in the mix. Maybe I wasn't clear in making that distinction. You manage to clarify the difference with almost every post you make.
Bwaaaahahahaha!
...pure and undefiled religion which God represents is pure and PERFECTLY defined by two words; UNCONDITIONAL LOVE.  Tell us your views on gays again Archie.
Tell us your views on gays again Archie.   He loovveessss teh gays.   It's the homosexuality that he despises.  :xbanghead
Precisely! emoticon_xagree  And if someone said to you it's not christians they hate, it's their christianity, you would...?
Pray for them.  LMAO  ########! You have ranted and raved on these very boards about perceived slights against your paricular beliefs. You have claimed discrimination and hate leveled against you because someone has slighted your religion. Yet you can't see that you do the exact same thing to gays, and are actually proud of what you do to gays on a daily basis.  Archie, this is just one more example of your severe disconnection from reality and logic.
How easily the ignorant are amused. Or as Oscar Wilde put it:  Ridicule is the tribute paid to the genius by the mediocrities. -Oscar Wilde  And don't forget this truism by Jonathan Swift:  When a true genius appears, you can know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in a confederacy against him. -Jonathan Swift  Fair enough. But of course, I generally think it unwise to interpret either Wilde or Swift literally....
What's your beef with God?  The Problem of Evil:  "If God is omnipotent, then He must be able to prevent evil. If He is omnibenevolent, then He must be willing to prevent evil. So why is there evil?"  Not exactly a "beef with God," per se. But a big theological problem, that's for sure.
 ....... So although atheists want to believe that if God really does exist in spite of their rejection of Him, His omnibenelovence will see them through to Heaven. .....    Spot the illogic. If there is no god, then there is no heaven, so no atheist would want to believe anything of the kind. emoticon_rolleyes  For the sake of argument, if there were a heaven, and people expressing the ideas that you do were candidates, then no sane person would want to go there. emoticon_xangel
Again you show that you're more attuned to atheistic philosophy than scriptural realities. No where does the bible say that God is omnibenevolent in any way. Or even describe Him that way. It is true that God is love. But He is also Just. So although atheists want to believe that if God really does exist in spite of their rejection of Him, His omnibenelovence will see them through to Heaven. But they are forgetting about His sense of justice and His plan for salvation through Jesus which requires an act of the will by the receiver of that GRACE.   God is omniscient, omnipresent and omnipotent but He isn't omnibenevolent according to the scriptures. He requires that a price be paid for sin. Either we pay it personally or we accept what Jesus did as payment for our sins. That simple Gospel message is proof that omnibenevolence is a man made characteristic which is attributed to God apart from His word. Here we have a prime example of the "My god is ever loving and just, he merely requires you to jump through petty hoops to go to heaven, rather than doing something to actually deserve it," argument.  Not a god worth bothering with.  Smiley
Again you show that you're more attuned to atheistic philosophy than scriptural realities.  Yeah, all the theologians who've puzzled over this problem for centuries have just been bad Christians in the clutches of atheists.  -sigh-
Yeah, all the theologians who've puzzled over this problem for centuries have just been bad Christians in the clutches of atheists.  -sigh-My God! Archy isn't even aware of the centuries of quibbling and waffling and just-so answers that have gone on among theologians about the problem of evil. It seems that he has never read Augustine, Aquinas, and on and on. He isn't even aware that there is even a name for arguments about the problem. It is called Theodicy.
Hi Winston, this is very true, but this is a thread about "peoples beef with god", secular religions do not have a god (deity). If the thread were titled "whats your beef with religion" then your response would be more fitting.  I am defending my response to the op's question. My beef was with the followers (not all) of god (the deity) causing more harm than good. Not with god him/herself :)  Religion is just another ideology. Since the God of the Bible or Koran doesn't exist the only difference bewtween religion and a secular religion is that the former claims its authority from a deity where the latter, such as Marxism claims it from dialectic materialism and Capitalism from economic theories.  All of them are just beliefs.  Can you have God and no religion? to have a beef with God is a religious statement
My God! Archy isn't even aware of the centuries of quibbling and waffling and just-so answers that have gone on among theologians about the problem of evil. It seems that he has never read Augustine, Aquinas, and on and on. He isn't even aware that there is even a name for arguments about the problem. It is called Theodicy.  Personally, I think Hume was right. IF one already believes in a benevolent deity, then it's not all that difficult to make that belief consistent with the reality of evil. But IF one does not believe in such a deity, then the reality of evil probably makes it difficult if not impossible to consider such a deity a realistic possibility.  Perhaps this is what you had in mind when describing the answers as "just-so?"
Religion is just another ideology. Since the God of the Bible or Koran doesn't exist the only difference between religion and a secular religion is that the former claims its authority from a deity where the latter, such as Marxism claims it from dialectic materialism and Capitalism from economic theories.  All of them are just beliefs.  Exactly, secular religions do not have a god (deity) therefore my statement regarding "my beef with god" has nothing to do with secular religions, as they do not, by your own admission, claim its authority from a god (deity).  Can you have God and no religion?  Not to my knowledge, but you can have a religion without a god and these are the secular religions you refer to. Since my response was in regards to religions with a "god", the secular ones are not in question.   to have a beef with God is a religious statement  Yes, but it is statement conditional apon religions having a god (deity). ;)
we agreed that religions have a God or many Gods as the Hindu religion.  I can't have a beef with God for God is a human invention, therefore I can only have a beef with the men who invented the God. So ultimately even religion is secular.  You can have an argument with the Pope but not with God
we agreed that religions have a God or many Gods as the Hindu religion.  I can't have a beef with God for God is a human invention, therefore I can only have a beef with the men who invented the God. So ultimately even religion is secular.  You can have an argument with the Pope but not with God  OK i hear you, your saying we cant have beef with god, the deity, we can only have beef with the men who invented the god, thus aligning it with your earlier secular religions, is that right?? but you may want to ask the op to re-write his question then as it will become an entirely new question, addressing new points that i would need to create a new answer for. :)
OK i hear you, your saying we cant have beef with god, the deity, we can only have beef with the men who invented the god, thus aligning it with your earlier secular religions, is that right?? but you may want to ask the op to re-write his question then as it will become an entirely new question, addressing new points that i would need to create a new answer for.   Yes, that is the way I see it. I think that there is a God, but not the one we invented to suit our purposes.  you ask the op if you wish, I am turning in   nice talking to you :)
I think that there is a God, but not the one we invented to suit our purposes.   I think thats how i feel, i no their is something greater but feel religion lets it down.  Night night Winston, im off to the land of nod to :)
You mental midgets insult my intelligence when you aren't even aware that the word omnibenevolent isn't even found in the Catholic Online - Catholic Encyclopedia . In fact, the word isn't found in any popular dictionary what so ever. It's an urban slang with no historical usage in theological studies or history at all. I ought to know, because it never came up in Bible College, ever. But here it is in the famous and highly referred to URBAN DICTIONARY: Urban Dictionary: omnibenevolent Once again guys, get a clue before you start spouting off your criticisms which you haven't an actual clue about.  You can't avoid the Problem of Evil with semantics. It's a substantive theological problem, which is why theologians have wrestled with it from the beginning. So substitute "perfectly loving" for "omnibenevolent" if that's a clearer expression of the idea.
You mental midgets insult my intelligence when you aren't even aware that the word omnibenevolent isn't even found in the Catholic Online - Catholic Encyclopedia . In fact, the word isn't found in any popular dictionary what so ever. It's an urban slang with no historical usage in theological studies or history at all. I ought to know, because it never came up in Bible College, ever. But here it is in the famous and highly referred to URBAN DICTIONARY: Urban Dictionary: omnibenevolent Once again guys, get a clue before you start spouting off your criticisms which you haven't an actual clue about. Er . . . The Chambers English Dictionary 7th Edition (Printed 1989) has the following entry.  n. omnibenevolence universal benevolence. - adj omnibenevolent.  I found a clue.
-  God is a good servant, but a bad master.  -
-  God is so useful as a metaphor that if "He" did not exist, it would  be necessary to invent "Him". But to take this metaphor as a literal  fact is not only the grossest form of superstition, but also  deplorably in bad taste.  -
-  I don't mind God ---it's his fan club I can't stand.  -
-  Evil and pain exist, so God cannot be all-benevolent.  God cannot make a stone bigger than he can roll, so He cannot be omnipotent.  Gödel's Law exists, so God cannot be omniscient.  -
God is perfectly loving, that's obvious.  In which case it is "obvious" that the Problem of Evil can be (re)formulated thusly:  "If God is omnipotent, then he must be able to prevent evil. If He is perfectly loving, then he must want to do something about evil. Why, then, is there any evil?"  Even if I concede your point about omnibenevolence -- which I am more than happy to do, as it happens -- the Problem of Evil doesn't go away. This is why, as I said, you can't dispel it with semantics.  I mean, do you understand what the Problem of Evil is about? In an admittedly over-simplified nutshell, it's about why God would allow bad things to happen to good people. It's about why a loving and omnipotent God allows earthquakes to crush innocent children, or why He allows a man to walk into a church and shoot worshippers to death.  I don't think, as many an atheist has thought, that the problem is necessarily unanswerable. But I also don't think that any answer is easy or obvious or unproblematic. Does the fact that I see it as a legitimate theological problem make me a bad Christian?  So rather than responding by insisting that omnibenevolence has any place in describing Gods character or plan for us, how about you post this imaginary evidence of it being discussed and debated for millennia from any valid theological source at all. I submit that you will only find it in atheist or secular humanist sources which are looking for blanket salvation as a theological buffer zone if you will, in case their rejection of God turns out to be the mistake it is in the end, and He really does exist.  I made no such insistence concerning omnibenevolence. To the contrary, I suggested that you substitute another phrase (i.e., "perfectly loving") for omnibenevolence, which I would say is the exact opposite of "insisting" upon it.  And in any event, I did not say that omnibenevolence has been discussed for ages. I said that the Problem of Evil has been. Take a look through the history of theology, and I think you'll see that this contention is hardly "imaginary." You'll also see that the problem has been addressed by far more than just "atheists" and "secular humanists."
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance -- it is the illusion of knowledge. DANIEL BOORSTIN  Indeed, Archie. Indeed.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance -- it is the illusion of knowledge. DANIEL BOORSTIN Very true.  The "illusion" of knowledge, obtained by people who were "told" the truth, and thus insist that any contradictory information is automatically invalid. And they ignore the history lessons when certain "truths" have been exposed to be evil. Misogyny. Slavery. Genocide.  Things endorsed by their bible, but they were "truths" then, and now that the true nature has been exposed they refuse to acknowledge that their book can also endorse evil. And still they defend it, refusing to question it, looking for apologetic ways to avoid its contradictions and outright falsehoods. emoticon_rolleyes
The question remains, and which you are now evading is that the concept or doctrine of omnibenevolence has nothing to do with Gods solution for evil.  And I didn't say it did. Especially not after I conceded your point and addressed the problem in terms of God's "perfect love" rather than His "omnibenevolence."  So for you to have even asked the question in that form was revealing about your depth of understanding of the simple GOSPEL OF SALVATION.  Right, so I used a term you find objectionable and therefore don't have an understanding of the Gospel. Whatever. You can obsess over this term all you want. I'm not interested in discussing that tangential issue.  That is the point I was and am making regarding the fallacy and use of that word from the get go. You give it validity by using it and it has no place in a serious discussion about the issue of evil in this world because it has no place in Gods solution for the problem of evil.  Fine. So, to repeat my point, again: Let's not talk about the Problem of Evil in terms of omnibenevolence. I fail to see how I am "evading" anything. I have conceded that there is no need to discuss the problem using that term. It is you, not me, who apparently feels a need to make a big deal about it.  That's simple...  All due respect, but the Problem of Evil is not simple. And your own "answer" just raises more difficulties.  In the first place, why would a loving God punish every single human being who would ever live for the sins of one man? Hardly seems fair. But of course, the meaning of the Fall is no less complicated than any other Biblical issue.  And your answer only addresses the moral dimension of the problem. There is also what the theologians call "natural evil": the suffering uncaused by any human agent. What of the earthquake example? When the rooves of the cathedrals in Lisbon collapsed, they crushed many a babe who had not yet the chance to exercise free will and repent. Why would a loving God allow such suffering?  You can declare the problem "simple" and the answer "obvious." But your declarations don't make it so. You're just stopping the investigation too soon.
I think thats how i feel, i no their is something greater but feel religion lets it down.  Night night Winston, im off to the land of nod to :)  I am glad we agree on something.  There are good and bad people. Period.  The problem arises when bad people get control of a religion and use it for their evil purposes. There is nothing bad in any of the Gospels but we ended up with the Spanish Inquisition, religious wars etc as you know it, just the opposite of what Jesus preached.
-  God is so great He does not even need to exist.   -
-  Just because something does not exist does not mean that it cannot  affect the world. The gods of the various religions do not exist, yet  they affect the world [usually negatively].   -
-  Shelley was an atheist.... He never trifled with the word "God"; he  knew that it meant a personal First Cause, Almighty Creator, and  Supreme Judge and Ruler of the Universe, and that it did not mean  anything else, never had meant anything else, and never whilst the  English language lasted would mean anything else. Knowing perfectly  well that there was no such person, he did not pretend that the  question was an open one, or imply, by calling himself an Agnostic,  that there might be such a person for all he knew to the contrary. He  did know to the contrary; and he said so.  ---George Bernard Shaw  -
If God is Good (one of Her many attributes) and She created everything where does Evil come from? emoticon_xangel
If God is outside time, in the sense that She knows present, past and future, then free will is an illusion.  If free will is an illusion then God knew that Eve would fail the test and drag poor Adam down with her. And that is one of many examples.  God is devilish then. emoticon_mad
If God is outside time, in the sense that She knows present, past and future, then free will is an illusion.  If free will is an illusion then God knew that Eve would fail the test and drag poor Adam down with her. And that is one of many examples.  God is devilish then. emoticon_mad   That's why the Christian pushing the concept of 'original sin' on the story of Adam and Eve is totally ridiculous. The Jewish concept , while still myth, at least makes some sort of sense.
-  Boethius, back in the 5th century AD, came up with a reasonable argument that reconciled our supposed free-will with God's omniscience.  However, Archie doesn't dare touch my brief demolition of the standard view of God, since my points are unanswerable. To repeat:  Evil and pain exist, so God cannot be all-benevolent.  God cannot make a stone bigger than he can roll, so He cannot be omnipotent.  Gödel's Law exists, so God cannot be omniscient.  To save time, I will annihilate what he certainly will bleat in reply. No, Archie, evil does not exist simply because of the willfulness of humans or because God wants to test us. If God wished to give us some hypothetical free-will, and if he were omniscient and omnipotent, he would be smart enough and powerful enough to figure out some way to accomplish that goal without permitting evil to exist.   I will add that Kurt Gödel's discovery of the incompleteness of all systems of knowledge, and the impossibility of onmiscience, in the long run will be more significant in human history than Jesus Christ or all the religions put together.  -
So tell us subaru, precisely what is your beef with God? Without using long dead philosophers who's opinions are nothing more than that, opinions....  Can't you read English, Archie? I was being more than fair and mentioning a "long dead philosopher" who made a rational case supporting the views which you expressed!  And you still have not dealt with the three points which I enumerated.  Surprise! Surprise!  -
  And I don't plan to either as nothing you write deserves a serious response, because nothing you write is seriously or thoughtfully considered material for debate.    And what you write is "seriously or thoughtfully considered material for debate," I suppose?  Hahahahaha...!!!!  What a joke! What a farce!  -
Care to actually support this claim with a rational argument? Specifically, how does Gods omnipotence affect our choice to make individual choices no matter where in time we exist. Let me give you an example to further confuse you and trebor. If you witness a criminal committing a violent crime like shooting someone for example, is your viewing that action changing the outcome of his decision, or his action at all? Of course not. So why do you say that because God sees all, that He is affecting our free will at all?   First : I can not prevent a crime, God can Second: I don't know the outcome of the crime, maybe the victim defends herself and shoots the criminal dead.  Third: God knew in advance a crime was going to be committed and did nothing to prevent it. That is criminal God knows what we are going to do so we don't have free will, we have an illusion of choicing when in reality the choice has been made already by God, otherwise She wouldn't know until the instant we made a choice, whereas She knows since the beginning of time what choices would we make.    That's an excellent example of God not interfering with our free will. God surely did know in advance that Eve would sin, but did He decide then, why bother creating this creature in my image? Why bother giving them free will? With all the time and pain I will receive by being rejected by so many of them who will carve false gods out of wood rather than acknowledge me, is it worth it?   Where does Evil come from? Not from Adam and Eve for sure. If God created everything and She is Good, where does Evil come from ?  How do you know you have free will, being aware that a choice has been made it is not the same as choosing. You are aware that something in you has decided to go left instead of right. But did you make the decision or being aware of it it seems to you that you made it?    No, He went forward in spite of people like you deniers of Him ! In spite of the mess we made of this world, and in spite of our current spiritual state as a race, He created us and still loves us so much that He took flesh upon Himself and gave His own life as propitiation for our sins in order to undo what our parents did to cause this separation from Him in the Garden.   How sad that you take every good thing Yahweh has done and pervert it in order to twist it into your personal lie to slander Him with. :xdonno  GOD made me do it emoticon_xangel
So how come some good Angels created by Good God became evil Angels ?  If God is Good where does Evil come from? Simple question Archie  God intervened in human affairs countless of times as told in the Bible so much for free will and bearing the consequences of our decisions.   If God knows the future then all your choices are already predetermined and there is no free will, only the appearance of it. You can not seem to grasp this concept at all. You are confusing free will with conscience.   Judas was a pawn in God's plan he and as a pawn he was sacrificed and sent to Hell. Oh yes God intervened in human affairs by sending the Son, so much for free will.  Just like Judas whatever I do is what God makes me do.  Funny that the Jews don't accept your Messiah, Archie. I wonder why? emoticon_xangel  People who think are agnostics, those who don't are believers.
"Go and do what you must do" is a direct order.
I asked you a simple question because I thought you could at least answer a simple one. You couldn't . All your verbosity and Biblical quotes can't disguise the fact that Evil, pride and it doesn't matter how you define Evil it has to come from God for God created everything and every creature in Heaven and Earth.  So how do you explain Evil in God? --------------------------------------------------------------------------  If you play with a loaded dice you may think that the outcome of every throw is random but is not.  If God knows all events in advance then there is no free will. You may ponder your choices but you can only make the one He already made for you. He controls everything, namely there is no free will  Of course, He is only your God, what your imagination think He is from those books you read, are dragons in the Bible also? I know there is a race of giants in it.   I don't have imagination :)
You couldn't answer the primordial question:  Where does evil come from if the Creator of everything and everybody has no Evil in Him ?  When you die Archie, luckily for you, you wont be able to see that you were wrong about everything you blindly believed in. :(  If your beliefs are your support to make it through life who cares if you are wrong. As long as you do no harm to others following what you believe in, it is OK with me.  It is only when believers do harm to others following orders according to them issued by their God that I am all for banning religion and burning religious zealots at the stake.
 It comes from those who do it winston. It's just easier for you to blame God than those who actually commit it by their own free will.   Evil comes from those who do it? is that the best you can do Archie?   so this people produce Evil out of what, out of nothing? these people 'create' Evil? is that your answer?   If God created everything and everyone of us then it follows there is one guy who put Evil in the map and that is God, but God is Good so how do you explain Evil in us or the fallen angels?   You can't, Archie, for : "evil comes from those who do it" only prompts the question: and who put evil in them ?  Care to answer?
You have a pan of water boiling on the stove, and you stand silent and unmoving, as your child toddles over to grab the protruding handle, pulling the pan and its contents down on their head. What a loving parent!
He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL.  Took on the knowledge of Evil? so Evil existed before them for them to learn about it, or did God create them with knowledge of Evil? How could God who is wholly Good do that Evil thing?  To know about Evil is to know about something that already exists and if it exists is real (I am sure you don't deny Evil is real otherwise what is the point of arguing about it) .  If it is real who created it ?
Who left the knowledge of evil bubbling on the stove where it could be reached by the innocent toddlers?
or even better who put the "knowledge of Evil" on the stove in the first place? :)
you have no answer to the question : If God is only goodness then where does evil come from?  You know you don't have an answer but accepting this fact would destroy all what you believe in.   I feel sorry for you for all you believe in is make believe but if it carries you thru life ...
Where did the evil that they chose come from? The wording suggests it was there before they chose, they just didn't know the difference. So where did it come from?
That would be "from God" then, since somebody must have left it lying around.
Originally Posted by Archangel FPRIVATE "TYPE=PICT;ALT=View Post"  I did answer it winston. God gave us free will and Adam and Eve chose disobedience over obedience when by an act of their own free will they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In other words they willingly gave up the innocence He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL.   Anthony321 You say they "willingly" gave up their innocence and took on the knowledge of evil. To begin with, these "innocent" beings were deceived by an evil being. Innocent children would have no concept of evil, no way to sense or detect it either. I do not recall god warning them about a talking serpent who would attempt to deceive them. The evil already existed in the serpent. Had god informed them of how evil talking serpents operate they would have known the serpent was intentionally trying to fool them. But what would that mean to Adam and Eve? After all they only knew innocence. The serpent took advantage of their innocence, but they did not eat of the tree to take advantage of god. God told them one thing and the talking serpent told them another. Without warning innocent children will believe whatever they are told. What kind of parent and/or guardian would leave innocent children unattended? Especially with the knowledge that they will be confronted and deceived by a talking serpent? A serpent who convinces them to eat from the forbidden tree which causes god's perfect creation to fall. I don't know about you but I don't think innocent children should be punished for behaving in the only way their innocence would permit them to behave. They trusted the serpent, for they knew nothing of lies. Lying is evil. God is the bad guy in this story, no way around it. Leaving his children unattended and with no way to defend themselves against what he already knew would bring death upon them.   Archangel But even then, we as children of Adam must choose to do evil according to our own free will just as they did when they acted in disobedience to Gods very stern warning to avoid only that tree in the garden or they will surely die (spiritually speaking).      Anthony321 If they had acted in disobedience KNOWING they were doing the wrong thing you might have a case. But they didn't and you don't.     Archangel So evil isn't something to be created, it is something to be known. It stands to reason that where good exists there is also the potential for the opposite of good, which is evil. But God didn't create us evil. He created us in perfect innocence. We chose that route according to our free will.     Anthony321 Along the same lines how would one know if goodness was "good" unless they had evil in contrast so as to draw the comparison between the two? If you are god and you create this man and woman in "perfect innocence" then their environment must be perfectly innocent as well. Innocence cannot protect itself against this "evil" that it has no knowledge of. That would mean killing the serpent before you left your "perfectly innocent' children unattended in the garden.      Archangel And you ignore that it was only God who was capable of undoing that separation that resulted from our fall which He accomplished by Himself becoming man and dying for our sins.    Anthony321 The separation you speak of is the result of a parent "asleep" on the job. And how noble of god to "undo" the very problem that he is responsible for.    Archangel You continue to blame Him for our rebellion as you ignore that He has personally sacrificed Himself for our redemption.      Anthony321 Can you call it sacrifice when you rise from the dead and ascend to heaven where you've always been anyway? Where is the sacrifice? Mankind still suffers through hunger, disease, war, etc.     Archangel So go ahead and blame God for your sins which only you have chosen to commit, and refuse His offer to save you according to His own sacrifice which paid the price for your sins unconditionally. See how far it gets you.     Anthony321 God's hand are to blame if you must insist on blame. He is the perfect one, who created the perfect world, that somehow became so imperfect. When a chef has a failure in the kitchen he has only himself to blame. The milk and the eggs are what they are. If they become spoiled during the cooking process, it is still the chef who should have been able to see and remedy that problem. But without an occasional failure, success would have no meaning.................... would it? That is the way I see the creation/redemption story. The fact that you don't is what makes us all unique individuals.
None of theses cut-and-pasted responses actually address his very direct questions, or the resulting doubts he raises. Why not do that, but this time in your own words. (and less wasted bandwidth)
Archangel Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs?   Anthony321 In discussing the supernatural world, why would the word "rational" even enter your mind?   Archangel That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp.   Anthony321 Is there any difference? The only difference is that your personal beliefs are based on what you have read in scripture. That might give you some sort of an edge if yours was the the only holy book around. What exactly are these deep and great truths you speak of? What about the deep and great truths of Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, etc? If any of these truths existed outside the imaginations of those who believe in them, they would no longer be referred to as religious beliefs. They would be referred to as religious facts. The only religious fact I am aware of is those who believe in whatever god they believe in, think everyone else is either blinded, mislead, willfully ignorant, etc. They could also be rebellious or just too proud. There are also those who haven't figured out how to live their lives to glorify someone or something their god given logic and reason tells them is false.   Archangel Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.   Anthony321 Could it be that our spiritualty is as varied as our beliefs. Any attempt to define spiritualty with the physical laws of the reality in which we live defeats the whole concept of the term "spiritual."
you never "answered" the question  if God is wholly good and He created everything, where does evil come from?  All those verbose quotes don't answer the question at all.  In your own simple words, Archie:  where does Evil come from?   is the question too simple or too complicated? I think it is an easy question, so answer it. :)
But if God is all goodness how can He have evil in him, or do something evil? that is the problem? in other words can God be evil?
What a bizarre interpretation! (notes Archie's presumption in editing the bible by adding his own inverted commas). The convoluted denial of the obvious displays as tortuous a thought process as expected. If evil did not exist, it would not be possible to gain knowledge of it. The alternative would be that your God wished his pets to remain in blissful ignorance, rather than gain knowledge.
I think what Archie is stating is that evil is NOT a THING but and ACTION.  You don't create an action...you merely lable it as being good or evil.  God pretty much says that doing what he wants you to do is good and not doing it, or doing something he says not to do is evil.  In the end, god is not a god of good or even evil but of dictatorial laws.
I think what Archie is stating is that evil is NOT a THING but and ACTION.  You don't create an action...you merely lable it as being good or evil.  God pretty much says that doing what he wants you to do is good and not doing it, or doing something he says not to do is evil.  In the end, god is not a god of good or even evil but of dictatorial laws.  precisely, but evil actions have as a source an evil mind and who put the Evil in that mind?  I don't know what God says, have never spoken with the guy. Archie on the other hand ....
Actually, God is holy and perfectly righteous in all ways. Why? Just cause God (or one of his followers) told you to think that way? Your followon quote of the bible demonstrates the answer is "yes".   And to put this as simply as possible, just as a parent first warns their child not to do what the parent deems dangerous, unhealthy or risky, and then disciplines him for doing it, so will we find out someday that our heavenly father was protecting us in the same exact way and was motivated by the same exact type of love for us as a parent has for his/her child. Yeah. So when dad beats you unconscious for being out too late, he's only looking out for your own good! emoticon_xgood < end sarcasm <  In the real world with real parents, we realize that parents can go "too far" some times. They can do things which actually harm the child, even if the parent has "good intentions". People evaluate parental actions, and decide if a line has been crossed.  In the theological world, some Christians refuse to think about even the existence of such a line. God is assumed to be perfect and good. Examples where he endorsed slavery, misogyny, or genocide are to be ignored, or to be regarded as "for our own good". Promises of eternal torture and hellfire are to be regarded as "God knows best". And if anybody has any doubts on that, a good Christian is supposed to refer back to the original "God is assumed to be perfect and good"... Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat...   To first think, and then express that God has laws for us simply to lord them over us like some sadistic ogre just reveals how clueless you are regarding His true nature. Mat 7:8 For everyone who asks receives, and he who seeks finds, and to him who knocks it will be opened. Mat 7:9 Or what man is there among you who, if his son asks for bread, will give him a stone? Mat 7:10 Or if he asks for a fish, will he give him a serpent? Mat 7:11 If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to those who ask Him!He loves us as a parent loves a child, and that love goes much deeper than just giving us good things. It also entails warning us about dangers we are unable to recognize. You know, a lot of people will treat another person kindly if that "other person" sucks up obediently, without question, to the original person. That's just a know-brainer. There is a proverb about how a man can be judged (at least in some ways) by how he treats his *enemies*.  And since we're all supposed to be God's children, promising eternal torture for those who don't fall in line says something pretty devastating about that theoretical omnipotent entity....
where does sin come from Archie? :)
That's the end Winston. Archie has now reached the wall where logic and faith collide. From that point on, he's on preach-and-repeat mode.
I feel sorry for Archie, I think deep inside he knows he has no answer, but to admit to it, it would mean losing his faith and without faith he can not face the world, not to mention death.  I am not cruel by nature or nurture so I will let Archie off the logical hook.  "Go in peace brother Archie and think no more" emoticon_xangel
Circumlocution and ambage as above is merely circular rationalisation of "goddidit". It is as deep as a puddle.
Poor Archie,  As he has said there was Evil in the Garden of Eden from the very beginning, all it took was a bite and voilas it spread to us. So who put the Evil in Eden? Who created Eden? God, of course, but God as Archie repeats ad nauseum is ALL Good, there is no Evil in Him, so how did God produce Evil?   If Lucifer and his pals who were created by God, who only does Good deeds and makes Good beings turned Evil and rebellious, from what or from whom they acquired Evil?  Anyway, poor Archie has no answers, it is beyond him, so this is my final posting on this subject.
I'm basing my beliefs on what God has done. Had he not wanted people to have knowledge of good and evil he would have destroyed Satan long before he sent A&E to Earth. It is quite obvious that God created good and evil. There's just no other explanation. Besides I have read in some parts of the bible, really can't remember where that he himself has stated that he created evil, calamities, etc... There is another explanation, but it doesn't involve god.
who put the Evil snake in the Garden of Eden, and who put that infamous tree also in there? :)
I'm basing my beliefs on what God has done. Had he not wanted people to have knowledge of good and evil he would have destroyed Satan long before he sent A&E to Earth. It is quite obvious that God created good and evil. There's just no other explanation. Besides I have read in some parts of the bible, really can't remember where that he himself has stated that he created evil, calamities, etc...  Isaiah 45:7
The "Archies" of this world reckon that Isaiah, was referring to 'calamities', natural disasters, "acts of God", not moral Evil Of course to kill thousands in natural disasters is quite Evil to me.  so we are back to my question if God is all Good and he created everything, then where does Evil come from ??  Only God knows, right?? Archie doesn't.
There are none so blind......If there were only one, then why did he allegedly say "put me before the other gods" in his top ten instructions? That statement implicitly acknowledges that he is not the only choice. The "sinner's" great grandchildren are also threatened with punshment for a wrong choice. No evil there then.
There are none so blind......If there were only one, then why did he allegedly say "put me before the other gods" in his top ten instructions? That statement implicitly acknowledges that he is not the only choice. The "sinner's" great grandchildren are also threatened with punshment for a wrong choice. No evil there then. Guess god must be a Klingon.
The "Archies" of this world reckon that Isaiah, was referring to 'calamities', natural disasters, "acts of God", not moral Evil Of course to kill thousands in natural disasters is quite Evil to me.  so we are back to my question if God is all Good and he created everything, then where does Evil come from ??  Only God knows, right?? Archie doesn't.  Well, I do know that the writer of Deutro Isaiah (40-66) used the same word for 'calamities' that is used in Genesis for 'Evil' as in 'Knowledge of Good and Evil'  People love messing with translations to get a version that meets their theological expectations.
So the true translation is'Knowledge of good and calamities'. Interesting  Or woe.. the opposite of 'Good' at least. Perhaps it is 'KNowlege of good and bad'.  It is often translated at evil.
Well, I do know that the writer of Deutro Isaiah (40-66) used the same word for 'calamities' that is used in Genesis for 'Evil' as in 'Knowledge of Good and Evil'  People love messing with translations to get a version that meets their theological expectations.  I know no other languages but English and Spanish so .. maybe 'calamities' is the right translation  But this is not really what I was on. I wanted Archie to tell me where Evil, moral Evil originates.
Woe seems to cover it better I suppose. Evil seems to suggest a thought or deed coming from the Devil.   Not in Judaism. The concept of 'Satan' is quite different in the Jewish religion verses Christianity, which took a lot of pagan concepts into it.
Not being a jew, I suppose I'll opt for the Christian Devil.  I guess some people are more comfortable with the idea of a psychotic demigod who wants to steal souls. Never could understand it myself.
Nor can I . Is that your interpretation of the christian devil?  That appears to be the interpretation of many Christians.
Mongooseholly.co.uk &bull; View topic - El Sur Down Under  by Winston Smith on Fri Feb 06, 2009 9:55 am    Now the time has come to 'switch off', to end that 'era' and to begin another one. Forums were a hiatus in my life and nothing else.   Anyway, this is it  Adios  WS  do you miss me? thanks for publicising "mongoose"
I remember reading somewhere that some ancient Christians believed that the reason for the existence of immanent Evil in our lovely planet is because the god who created us was just a god, who was evil. But the real God, that one is good.  So we were f**#@d from the very beginning since this demi-God is the cause of Evil in the world.  I found what I was looking for in the Catholic Encyclopedia, I think that the explanation the Gnostics have makes more sense that Archie's nonsense.  http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/04707b.htm
do you miss me? thanks for publicising "mongoose"   She seems obsessed with you. You got an internet stalker.
The idea of malevolent angels being the source of human misery is not an idea foreign to Judaism. Take "The Book of the Watchers".  It's this strain of Jewish thought that is responsible for the demonology in Christianity, not any "pagan concepts."  Oh, there are some ancient malevolent demons, but the concept of Satan is different. In the book of Job for example, Satan is an angel, and angels do not have free will. Satan (or the accuser) is the angel whose job it is to provide bad choices for man, so they can choose 'Good', and become more sanctified and life closer to God.   Enoch was never considered cannon , and probably has a writing date of around 200 bce.   There is also the stories about Lilith, of course. However, Satan is not the same concept.
She seems obsessed with you. You got an internet stalker.  I am flattered by her emoticon_love ing attentions :)
Where is it written that angels do not have free will( apart from your post)?  maybe this will help  SUMMA THEOLOGICA: The will of the angels (Prima Pars, Q. 59)
Where is it written that angels do not have free will( apart from your post)?  It is oral tradition in Judaism.  This link explains the attitude Orthodox Judaism: Hello, How are you doing...., types of angels, gan eden  And this particular link explains the Jewish concept of Satan in commentary about the Book of Job http://www.torah.org/learning/iyov/archives.html
As I said in my previous post I will stick to Christianity  You asked where it was written, I gave it to you.  Unless, you really didn't want me to answer.
Didnt help  It's Catholic and does not even seem to be sourced from the Bible. Might be wrong because I do not study links much more than I study copy and paste.   suit yourself. I didn't open the link you showed either  The question of whether Angels have free will or not is a philosophical question and the Catholic Church knows a little bit about the Bible. I was taught by Jesuits so I know.  But, suit yourself, I don't care  Chao
suit yourself. I didn't open the link you showed either  The question of whether Angels have free will or not is a philosophical question and the Catholic Church knows a little bit about the Bible. I was taught by Jesuits so I know.  But, suit yourself, I don't care  Chao   Funny thing about the 'free will' concept. There is no mention of Free Will in the bible at all, or predestination. That is for man, and all sorts of big arguments people get into for that.   Of course, the passage that gets yanked out to show angels free will is from the book of Revelation, which is the most screwed up , drug induced bunch of gobble gook in the entire bible. There is so much 'code' and symbolism in that book you can make it out to be anything you want... or nothing at all.
No problem .I've just found a site that states that no scripture says that angels do not have free will and plainly because some of them have fallen, they do The Free Will of Angels  Just goes to show .If you want a job done properly, do it yourself You might want to run that one by Archie.  We have had this discussion before.
The Pope has demanded as a condition of reconciliation with the RC sect of Christians that the Holocaust-denying Bishop recant his view that it did not occur.  There has been a mighty silence from the Bishop since.  One can only wonder....
This link of gansaos is actually very good and explains very well what I have argued here before. It properly say's that Angels DO have the power of self determination, which is evident in their ability to rebel against God when He determined to create Man in His image. What they don't possess is the true evidence of God given free will which is to be redeemed from our fallen state once we rebelled against God.   Wow, Archie actually admits that angels do have free will. That makes a change.  But then he goes and spoils it again by saying that they don't really have free will, but describes grace instead. He has a habit of redefining stuff.  And I thought he was actually going to admit his mistake. Silly me.
All seems to be explained as you read through the post So you didn't spot the bit where he tries to redefine what free will is.  Let me show you.  It properly say's that Angels DO have the power of self determination Yippee! He admits it. Okay, he still can't spell 'says' despite previous corrections, but he does admit that angels have the ability to self determine their actions. That is free will.  But wait  What they don't possess is the true evidence of God given free will which is to be redeemed from our fallen state once we rebelled against God See? That bit where he redefines free will as the ability to be forgiven for your actions. That is what is actually called 'grace'.  Lucifer understood very well that when God said let us make Man in our image what that entailed in its entirety, which is why he said he wouldn't serve Man. He understood that Man would be above the Angelic hosts by their very natures and independence to act apart from Gods specific will. And just to rub it in, we have this bit which states that Lucifer decided to act of his own free will because he was jealous that man would have free will.  So self determination and free will are two very different characteristics since one allows for free thought and independent actions, where as the other holds one eternally responsible for acting independent of Gods will with no avenue for redemption.  And here again, where he tries to say that free will and self-determination are two different things.  Spot it this time?  Just as a little addition, let's look at how the Chambers English Dictionary describes free will.  free'-will' freedom of the will from restraint: liberty of choice: the power of self-determination.  Ta'dah! . . . Got it now?
smiley Read this bit? I think what Archangel was saying is 'Clearly, they are not robots unable to do anything but obey God.' Which I quite clearly understood. Ok its a limited free will and I suppose that makes the definition open critcism from pedants but hey if he and I were perfect we wouldn't need you to correct usemoticon_xangel Thanks for the spelling lessonemoticon_xgood I saw that bit, which means that they have free will.  And you're welcome. If ever you need me, just call. I'll try to be out.
What angels? Does the sun god have free will then? What about the god of the sea? Do ghosts have it? What about the giant plate of spaghetti in space that keeps watch on the ferries of the forest?  DUH...............
The only problem with your distorted interpretation of my post is that mans definition of the words we use don't necessarily line up with Gods application of His eternal principles. What it comes down to, is that if Angels had free will as man does, then the fallen Angels could also be forgiven for their rebellion against God as we can. It's also interesting how you focus your criticism on my opinion while ignoring the link on the subject which confirms what I have said all along about this issue. Now feel free to distort that too. This is brilliant. Apparently god has a dodgy dictionary too.  Seriously though, you accuse me of ignoring the link on the subject. Let's have a look at it in detail.  Q: I was always taught that Angels could do nothing on their own. They were created to do God's will and had no free will of their own. Then I hear Satan rebelled against God and 1/3 of the Angels followed him. How can this be if they have no free will?  A: The heavenly angels gladly and completely do the bidding of God. Psalm 103:20-21 states, "Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word. Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure." Their purpose is to do His commandments, hearken to His voice, and do His pleasure.   However, no scripture declares that angels have no free will. From the fact of the fall of so many of them, they obviously have some form of self- etermination. That is, they have the freedom to remain in that holy estate into which they were placed by creation or to leave their first estate for a lower one. "And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day" (Jude 1:6). Clearly, they are not robots unable to do anything but obey God.   However, their condition is not like that of man. Man can be redeemed from his fallen state by the applied blood of Jesus Christ. The fallen angels have no means by which they can return to their first estate after they leave it. They will all be cast into the "everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels" (Matthew 25:41). Also, there is no mix of obedience with disobedience in the angels as there often is in regenerate man. The angels in heaven perform the commandments of God with full obedience (Psalm 103:20-21). The fallen angels are simply "the angels that sinned" (2Peter 2:4). No good is seen in them.   We will probably never be able to grasp with fullness the reason for the angels to rebel against God and leave their heavenly estate. They saw God in His absolute glory and holiness. They saw the greatness of His power. What could they hope to gain by a rebellion against such a God? However, scripture does reveal the initial motivation of their rebellion. From a study of Satan and his part in leading the rebellion, we know that their rebellion was fueled by willful pride. Isaiah 14:12-15 gives important insight into this matter. In this passage, Satan (as Lucifer) states five times, "I will." Especially revealing is his fifth declaration: "I will be like the most High" (Isaiah 14:14). He did not desire to submit to the will and glory of God, but rather wanted to be like God himself.   This was pride. The bishop, or pastor, is not to be "a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil" (1Timothy 3:6). The devil fell into condemnation because he was lifted up with pride. He refused to submit to the will of the Father, lost his first estate, and has taken many of the angels with him. His "tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth" (Revelation 12:4).   The angels do not have a sin nature. We have one because of our descent from Adam. All angels have been directly created by God and must have been created with a holy nature. Therefore, they never have the mix of good and bad often found in men. However, they were created with the ability and responsibility of self-determination. They can choose to leave the estate of heaven by an act of will. Or, they can choose to stay with God. Those who leave, do so in order to be gods. Satan is the "the god of this world" (2Corinthians 4:4). Satan's motivation is further revealed in his temptation of Adam and Eve in the Garden. He told them, "and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil" (Genesis 3:5). That is what moved him to rebel and that is what he used on Eve.   Understanding this helps with another verse. 1Corinthians 11:10 states, "For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels." The passage in 1Corinthians is dealing with the outward submission of the woman. Her external act of submission is important "because of the angels." I take that to mean that ladies who submit to their husbands, not because he is any better than her but simply because it is God's way, provide an excellent example to the angels in heaven. If she can submit to her husband with all his faults and problems, then certainly the angels should be able to submit to the Holy God.   I hope my comments have been helpful.   Till He comes,   Pastor David Reagan I have highlighted all the 'will's (though some of them are just from the verb 'to do', like 'I will').  I fully admit that it says that angels have self-determination. I also admit that the passage says that angels either choose to submit to god's will or choose to leave the estate of heaven and be cast into everlasting fire. I also admit that it says that 'their condition is not like that of man', meaning the angels, but nowhere in that passage does it say that there is some special form of 'free will' that is defined by god that happens to have the same meaning as grace. That is purely your dillusion.  It even specifically states . . .   However, no scripture declares that angels have no free will. If I have missed something in this passage please point it out to me. Or you can just admit that you're wrong. That would be a miracle in itself.
What I find incredible is that you will focus on and bold the uses of the word will while ignoring the content of what the piece actually say's. It is attempting to explain that although they have the power to disobey God, they don't have the right to do it which is why they can't be forgiven for it. Without the freedom to reject Gods will, one doesn't have free will.  Archie couldn't answer a simple question : where does Evil come from?  But he could answer the question : do Angels have free will ?  Archie who meets Angels on a daily basis knows the answer : yes (according to him)  Now, for a final question:   How many angels can dance on the head of a pin? emoticon_xangel
The giant plate of spaghetti in space keeps watch on the fairies of the forest dummy!Its the bake bean god that watches the ferries..well the English channel ones anyway! Thats why you get stomach upset when you cross it! Read and learn:)   OK, I like this one. You are right..the English have the Bangers and Mash to watch over their forest fairies... here is the giant Big Mac... and the giant taco in the sky watches over Mexican forest fairies...BUT THEY ALL HAVE FREE WILL...or not...or whatever lol
how typical of Archie to contradict himself:   self determination is not the same as free will ?emoticon_rolleyes  I think that reading the Bible has done him a lot of harm  No one has free will, since God knows the outcome since the very beginning  He put Evil in the apple and the snake in the Garden.  My guardian angel told me he has no free will, for if he had, he wouldn't be wasting his time protecting me.
True enough gansao, true enough. :xbanghead  Archie, gansao is pulling your leg and having a big laugh at your expense :)
What I find incredible is that you will focus on and bold the uses of the word will while ignoring the content of what the piece actually say's. It is attempting to explain that although they have the power to disobey God, they don't have the right to do it which is why they can't be forgiven for it. Without the freedom to reject Gods will, one doesn't have free will. Let me quote the passage for you again.  However, they were created with the ability and responsibility of self-determination. They can choose to leave the estate of heaven by an act of will. Or, they can choose to stay with God.  See that? They can CHOOSE.  That is the definition of FREE WILL.  They have the freedom to reject god's will. If they did not have that freedom then Lucifer and his minions would not have been able to do it.  Just because you wish to redefine 'free will' does not make it so.  If you said that angels did not have grace, I would have no problem with that (if, of course, you believe that angels exist in the first place), but instead you try to redefine what free will means, which you cannot do.  Oh, and by the way, for about the third or fourth time, it is says not say's.  Say's would either mean belonging to say, or a contraction of 'say is'. Neither of these make sense, but then it is you that is using the non-existent word, so I guess no-one should be surprised.
Actually Winston that is not true. I was refering to Smiley who seems to be deliberately obtuse . I respect and admire Archangel .   Stoppit! You're cracking us all up! :)
Actually Winston that is not true. I was refering to Smiley who seems to be deliberately obtuse . I respect and admire Archangel . Okay, I have a challenge for you (as Archie is far to proud to admit he is wrong).  Show where, in that link that Archie claims supports his position, it states that angels do not have free will. I have quoted it several times to show that angel do have free will. If I am wrong, you should be able to show it. If not then your respect is missplaced.
Well if ever I were to admire someone for third class witticisms you would be top of my list Penfold. Also I think the 'us' reference says a great deal. A bit like the girls playground when one girl says 'we dont like you ' to the unfortunate one who is not in the gang. Not suprised thoughemoticon_emb  Wait till you move up from junior school! emoticon_xdonno
Yawn... My respect for the man is not due to his prose, grammar or any other skill with his pen(or keyboard as I am sure you would point out). I understand what Archangel was saying.You are taking a very small part of the thread to criticise while ignoring the rest of the thread.   This seems to be the offending phrase  However, they were created with the ability and responsibility of self-determination. They can choose to leave the estate of heaven by an act of will. Or, they can choose to stay with God.    Yes it is free will. Thank you, that is all I wished to know.
I am not sure where your triumph lies.I have taken two sentences submitted by you and interpreted them as I see them. I could have taken your post and declared that it made no sense( you left a letter off of a word).  I would say that they had the same free will as a soldier has to leave the battlefield and his friends behind or a father has to leave his family behind just at the moment they need to be defended.   I am confused as you think that my respect is missplaced . Why should I not respect a man because of your hair splitting? Strange.... Then please take my entire post and show me where it makes no sense.  You are correct in that angels (if they existed) would have the same free will as a soldier or father, but both of those example still have free will. The quality you are looking at is that of accepting the consequences for one's action. That is not free will.  As to why I feel your respect is missplaced. I fail to see how you can respect someone who appears incapable of accepting that they may be wrong, someone who twists and squirms every time someone points out their errors, even to the extent of trying to redefine words so that they can declare themselves to be right. If you feel that these qualities are in some way admirable then there is nothing I can do for you.  I will accept that you may respect other qualities that he may possess, but to respect someone as a whole who displays such an extreme level of both ignorance and arrogance is, in my opinion, incredibly misguided.
Then why did you not take the whole of Archangel's post and try to make sense of it ? The concept of free will is something that Archie and I have argued about on more than one occasion. He has yet to have the balls to admit that he is wrong, even when the links he claims as backing him up can be efficiently used to prove without a doubt that he is wrong.  What you have been doing is to try to be the very thing that you accuse Archangel of being. Please explain.  The twisting and turning as well as redefining words is something that many of the people that you seem to side with do. Why do you not point this out to them as well as thier ignorance and arrogance? Do you have any examples of what these other people have done, and how does that relate to this particular debate?  I do not agree with many, many things that Archangel believes and he is very aware of that but he has always been respectful to me. I cannot say that about most others on this forum. There may be hope for you yet.
Please tell me exactly what his version of free will is. Here is his explanation from post #162 of this thread What they don't possess is the true evidence of God given free will which is to be redeemed from our fallen state once we rebelled against God. They cannot be redeemed from their fallen state. They cannot be forgiven. They must accept the consequences of their action without any chance of forgiveness. They are without the 'grace' that has been granted to man. Do you see that this has nothing to do with free will?  Because I still think that you are nit picking and being obtuse. Which is what I understand you think that Archangel is doing I am intrigued as to how this is nit picking.  If I were to tell you that you don't have legs (my sincere apologies if you happen to be an amputee), and you said that you did have legs and even produced a picture to prove it. I would then say that those were not proper legs as defined by the flying spagghetti monster. You then showed me the dictionary definition of legs and even supplied an x-ray to show that your legs had all the attributes necessary for them to be described as legs. Then someone else came along and accused you of nit picking, would you feel justly accused?  I am in no way accusing Archie of nit picking, I am accusing him of making a statement that is 100% wrong, and not having the balls to admit it. Unless, of course, you wish to redifine the term nit picking.  Oh please you read the threads as well as I do. Why do you see it in one person and not in the others? If I give examples you know exactly what it would lead to. You are worth more than denying that others twist and squirm when confronted with a question that they cannot or will not answer. How does that relate to this particular debate?Well it doent relate to anyones beef with God but I thought that you may have an issue with twisting and turning in general not just with one individual. I am fully prepared to admit that others use the same technique when confronted with questions that they are not prepared to answer. However, I have not stated that I respect these people. You have specifically stated that you respect Archie, and I have questioned that respect on these specific qualities.  Intended or not I will take that as a compliment It certainly was not meant in disrespect.
I think that I see what you are saying. That the consequences of exercising that free will is not the same as Man exercising his free will . In fact the consquences are so dire compared with Man that it negates the notion of free will when applied to Angels. Er . . not exactly. The consequences of one's action do not affect whether or not you have free will. You still have a choice. Both man and angels (if you believe in them) have free will.  I picked up my Oxford English dictionary and I found two definitions of free will 1 the power of acting without the constraint of necessity or fate... This would favour your argument Smiley I would say . That is if the consquences of free will would result in never to regain favour with God , the notion of free will is negated. 2 the ability to act at one's own discretion...this disregards the consequences of one's action therefore it does not come within the definition of free will therefore would favour Archangel. I am sure that both you and Archangel could blow holes in my interpretation. In fact that is not the point.  Yet again, the consequences of your actions do not affect whether or not you have free will. A bad choice is still a choice. It is merely the fact that you have a choice that determines whether you have free will.  For example:  Do what I say, or I will kill you. This is still a choice. Not a good choice. But those that have free will can still choose to die in this case.  I am not about to blow too much smoke up Archangel's backside at this time and doing so would probably make things worse. Maybe I am wrong but I like and respect a lot of people that I am sure would do much worse than argue with someone about the meaning of free will.Perhaps I mix in the wrong circles. As stated I have always found him polite and courteous even when he knows that I disagree with him. He knows his Bible and I am very interested in his take on it.( although his interpretation of it is not always something that I agree with). He believes that the Bible is God's word and defends that belief.  I would admire him for that alone, to be honest that's enough smoke for now That is your choice. Ooh, there goes that free will again. Pesky stuff.  It is certainly an admirable thing to stick to your guns, but to stick to your guns when all you are packing is blanks is just foolish, especially when all around you know you're only packing blanks.  I thank you for that. You are most welcome.
Since smiley insists on being pedantic as he claims I refuse to admit I'm wrong, it's only because I'm not wrong according to the scriptures regarding the Angels relationship with God. So let me simplify my explanation further for you.   ANGELS DON'T HAVE FREE WILL AS MAN DOES. IF THEY DID, THEY TOO COULD BE FORGIVEN FOR SINNING AGAINST GOD AS WE CAN BE. WHAT ANGELS DO HAVE AS SENTIENT BEINGS IS THE POWER TO CHOOSE TO DISOBEY GOD WHICH THEY WILL RECEIVE THE PUNISHMENT FOR DOING.   There is a difference between possessing free will and having the power to choose as is evidenced by our opportunity to ask for and receive forgiveness which Angels don't possess if they choose to disobey God. If this is beyond you to accept, then tough turkey. There is no rule here that we must either agree on any given issue or to debate an issue until one convinces the other of their perspective. So if this concept is beyond you to understand, then all I can say is believe what you will. The concept of free will is certainly not beyond me. Just because you choose to redefine it as the the ability to be forgiven for your actions does not make it so.  As I have stated before, what you are describing is 'grace', not 'free will'.  If you can find any dictionary or scriptural passage that states that free will is defined as the ability to be forgiven for one's actions (rather than the ability to make choices) then I would like to see it.  If not, you are welcome to continue to live in your dream world.
The Scots have thier own Big Mac.......  Yeah, but I can use my Free Will to get fish and chips here in the US...but that doesn't make me British or Fish and Chips 'American' food...lol...   GOD CREATED THE BIG MAC...the DEVIL created French Fries...hehe
  If not, you are welcome to continue to live in your dream world.   Quoted for Truth
And just because you refuse to understand that being creatures who have stood before God are allowed to make choices as sentient beings, do NOT possess the free will to make those choices does not make me wrong either in my understanding of the issue or in attempting to clarify the difference in our relationships with God.   I understand your point, but why do we receive grace and it isn't available in any way to the angels? It is because we are created in GODS IMAGE, while they are created to serve Gods will, not their own wills. They are intelligent, powerful, supernatural beings who have access to eternity, and whom God created with personalities, but they don't possess the position to act apart from Gods will even though they have the ability to disregard His will as intelligent creatures. This is a fine distinction, I admit that.   But it is an important distinction which clarifies the differences between our respective relationships (Mans and Angels) and our relationships with God our maker. We were created with free will, just as God has free will. The angels have no such position in Gods hierarchy in creation. In other words, the ability to choose to disobey God is not a right they were created with which is why they can't be forgiven for doing it. And that right to act independently from Gods will is the ultimate distinguishing characteristic of what true and complete God given free will represents. We have it, they don't. Now you're contradicting yourself.  they don't possess the position to act apart from Gods will even though they have the ability to disregard His will as intelligent creatures. Either they can't act apart from god's will, in which case there would have been no rebellion, or they canand there was, meaning they have free will.  In other words, the ability to choose to disobey God is not a right they were created with which is why they can't be forgiven for doing it. Here is the point at which you lose the plot. Just because you don't have the right to do something, does not mean that you cannot choose to do so. It is the fact that you can make that choice that determines whether or not you have free will.  As to why man receives grace and angels do not, I have to say I don't know, I don't care, and I don't believe in all that rubbish anyway. But it is still 'grace' and not 'free will'.
Even though I admit to have thrown a match or two on the fire I feel that I must withdraw from this particular point of the debate. I think that I have my take on the matter and so I will leave you two guys to slug it out but as us Thames estuary marsh monkeys would say 'LEAVE IT OUT SON. IT AINT WORTH IT MATE!:) I was an Essex boy for a while as a child, so I know exactly what you mean.
Standing before God?  Has anyone experienced that?
Should that occur, I will very happily stand in judgment of God in that moment.  God, you have been an incredibly terrible God!  See what your people have done to other peoples, the wretched cruelties and injustices done by your people in your name!  I condemn you to eternal damnation for all the damage you have done to the world in your jealous iniquity.
I didn't know that you are English Smileyemoticon_xhoho English, no. My parents and all their parents come from the people's republic of Cornwall ;). I guess that makes me a Celt. Damn you, you Anglosaxon pigs.  I lived in England (SE, NE, NW and Mid) until about 7 years ago. I now live in sunny Atlantic Canada. We should be rid of the snow by about mid-May.  It's okay. I can get decent beer in the local booze shop.
sunny Canada?  I have seen Poms at Bondi Beach collapse from heat-stroke in the middle of our Aussie "winter" or maybe it was heart attack after oggling the topless Aussie girls ?? :)
sunny Canada?  I have seen Poms at Bondi Beach collapse from heat-stroke in the middle of our Aussie "winter" or maybe it was heart attack after oggling the topless Aussie girls ?? :) Now you're just making me jealous.
You were right the first time, it was God by way of His Holy Spirit which fills me with an indescribable joy which is beyond human understanding. I truly wish you could relate to what I know to be so true. The bible talks about knowing a person by their fruits. (Matthew 7:16) Judging by your "fruits" of your "labor", any "joy" you feel would come from a misplaced pretense of superiority. Your actions show no real divine "joy".   My dad never beat me ever, at all. And neither has my heavenly Father. God chastens those whom He loves. And why do you blame God for the actions of sinful men and women who weren't acting according to His perfect will? It makes no sense as you place your blame in all the wrong places. The real source of my complaint on this issue lies with people who proclaim to be following a philosophy, supposedly laid down by "God". You fail to recognize the real problem in the analogy I proposed.  Suppose it is an earthly father's "perfect will" for his son to "act according" to a specified curfew. The son misses the curfew. The father beats the son unconscious.  While the son's curfew may be for the PURPOSE of a "good", the PUNISHMENT for violation is ridiculously extreme and out of touch with what most rational people would recognize as "love". For the most part, most Christians can follow the logic up to this stage... But if we change the analogy and claim it's a "heavenly" father, suddenly the analysis on the punishment gets thrown out the window and ignored. Suddenly, the realization that people can question the justness and appropriateness of a punishment is ignored in favor of blindly adhering to what they have been told to think...  So, when the heavenly father promises to TORTURE FOR ETERNITY the people he claims to "love", we musn't question him. And please note, none of this addresses the "justness" of the actual law. None of this questions whether or not the "perfect will" is good or bad. So, it may be entirely possible that the person involved DESERVES some form of punishment for the transgression at hand. But the DEGREE of punishment which God promises? THAT is the issue. THAT is the issue you want to ignore while fixating on the person's guilt.  So, by analogy, Archie would be saying that the son should not have broken the curfew, and ignore the physical abuse that the earthly father dishes out against his son...   We've been through this same line of dishonest and irrational argument before, and you ran away from my answer then also. So here it is again. 4Forum Political Debates and Polls 1) Archie, there is nothing "dishonest" about my statements. 2) "irrational"? Puh-leaze! 3) I did not "run away". Considering how many of my post responses to you that you have failed to counter, I don't think you want to establish a practice of blindly labelling that as "running away".  But let's insert your "responses" here and address them...  In short, you are dead wrong and are corrupting the actual truth with your very generalized attack as you make these claims out of context, both actual and historical. You call God a misogynist when it was the Jews who's women had more civil and human rights than any other civilization in the Ancient World. So? Suppose we lived in a world where most people believed in black slavery, and beat their slaves for sport. Along comes "John", who owns slaves. He thinks blacks are an inferior group, but he does not beat his slaves, but cares for them like pets. John is still a racist.  Furthermore, the Hebrew God is supposed to be unchanging, as are his supposed standards and laws. Ergo, what the biblical law commanded in biblical times SHOULD BE POLICY TODAY. The same misogynistic ideals that include women forbidden to teach or have authority over men are STILL (supposedly) God's word today.  Finally, I reject the pretense that the Jews women "had more civil and human rights". If a woman was raped, the rapist could BUY the woman as a wife. Name me ANY other civilization which practiced such absurd barbarism towards their women!   The bible is clear that God hates divorce, but He instituted it in Israel because men were putting women out of their homes with nothing. No other civilizations had rights like that for women for hundreds of years. What you're doing is trying to parade people around the slaves' quarters, pointing out how clean their quarters are kept, while ignoring the VERY REAL ABUSES that were going on.  Your God is against divorce. That much is true. The rest? I find it hilarious for one such as you who discourages gay marriage as an "attack on marriage" to pretend that is the reason for God's policy on divorce. The whole violation of the "sanctity" of divorce is okay then? As long as the woman is cared for?   You will say how barbaric it was to stone a prostitute by LAW in Israel. How terrible and misogynistic of God. But that's just because you have no moral center to speak of. And there's a personal attack. I have a moral center. One that isn't dictated by what others tell me to think. I never brought up stoning a prostitute, but now that you brought it up it is absurd for you to question my "moral center" as a defense for such a heinous act.  It would be like an abusive father questioning the justice of a teacher who acknowledges the viciousness of the father's attacks.   You see foundit, in the neighboring countries, prostitution was rampant, but thousands of them were killed each year by savage men who raped and beat them and killed them for sport. After all foundit, prostitutes, much less any women had no rights of protection by law in those barbaric countries. Meanwhile, back in Israel, women were protected, respected and honored as valued citizens who contributed to their Society. And they knew the Law so the thought of demeaning themselves in such a filthy way was beyond comprehension to them. So you feel free to focus on the law in Israel rather than focus on the reality for the women in other countries where no such laws existed to protect women from ever being forced into such a life of quiet desperation and ultimate futility. So let's talk about true misogyny and then you tell me why you support and promote prostitution when women had no rights of protection at all in those countries? And there's the deflection. Over and OVER and OVER again, Archie ignores any real defense for the barbaric nature of what his "God" commanded. Instead, he tries to tell us that it is "better" than what other people were doing.  Archie, we're talking about what you describe as "God's perfect will". It is SUPPOSEDLY "God's perfect will" that a prostitute be stoned. It is SUPPOSEDLY "God's perfect will" that a woman not be able to question a man. Not teach a man. Not have authority over a man. It is SUPPOSEDLY "God's perfect will" that if a woman is raped, the rapist can pay the father a few shekels and the woman is now the man's wife.  Me personally? I recognize that civilizations GREW over time. It was MAN that grew. And likewise, if we were to look at Jews AS A PEOPLE and stop with the religious pretense, I could acknowledge their "justice" as it should be rated according to their primitive years. But the problem is that YOU claim an ETERNAL GOD that supposedly has unchanging laws. Laws that should not be questioned, even as Christians abandon them without the intellectual honesty of admitting to it.   Also, in the ancient world every king in every kingdom in the known world had private armies which served them only. When those armies traveled the countryside, they had their way with any citizen for any reason they could dream up. If they needed food or money, they just took it from who ever was unfortunate enough to cross their paths. If they didn't like how someone looked at them they could kill them with no concern about legal retribution. Moral Relativity That's a complaint I often see the religious right try to complain about. Too often, it's mislabelled as it's not truly "moral relativity" but rather a disagreement on the validity of a morality, independent of "relativity". Here, you are trying to use Moral Relativity to excuse the historical unjustness of what YOUR GOD supposedly held as an absolute standard.  I have no doubt as to the barbaric nature of PEOPLE thousands of years ago. I personally see the bible as a book written by men, for men, justifying their actions as they desired and condemning other people's actions as their power allowed. The Old Testament is a book OF Jews FOR Jews. Supposedly, God is the "father" who created the ancestor of every man, woman, and child on this planet, correct? So when the Jews were killing off other civilizations, slaughtering every man they came across and enslaving women as they saw fit, they were killing and enslaving THEIR BROTHERS (based on the same heavenly father).  A REAL scenario, which involves a rational perspective, would be for an all-knowing God to find a way for all his children to co-exist. But instead, the Hebrew God ordered Genocide and Slavery... And based on a Moral Relativity, you think that's okay just cause other people were doing that?   But not in Israel. The very first civilian based police force was founded by God in Israel a thousand years before the concept was accepted anywhere else on Earth. And these weren't just cops. They were boys chosen at birth and raised in the Law their whole lives as they were taught righteous understanding in full knowledge that they were representing Yahweh as a protector and defender of the innocent. Israel had a compassionate and intricate legal system which sought to find the truth rather than just convict the most available suspect while all other countries were tyrannical kingdoms which lacked all civil laws which protected regular citizens. Oh cut the MANURE! I am talking about how the Hebrew God ordered his "children" to SLAUGHTER AN ENTIRE NATION, and you want to change the issue to "police"? I think Hitler had police also. Does that excuse his treatment of the Jews?  Here are a couple examples you can ignore while you try to praise Jewish "police"... "And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and XXX, with the edge of the sword. Joshua 6:21 1  "So Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of Israel commanded. And Joshua smote them from Kadesh-barnea even unto Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even unto Gibeon." Joshua 10:40-41 1 Religiously motivated genocides, in biblical times and recently   And remember foundit, I'm talking about 1500 BC. Europe was still barbaric during the Dark Ages between 900 and 1400 AD. Are you for real? Jews GOT CONQUERED. That is why they didn't continue to go around killing entire nations and enslaving people and continue to claim "God told me to do it". Jews got conquered by the Romans, who made sure the Jews didn't continue their barbarism. The Romans did not kill off the Jewish men, which would have been poetic cause that's what the Jews did for others.  What really happened is that the kids (Jews) kept misbehaving while they were left on their own. The "parents" (Romans, who in a lot of ways weren't much better) came along and prevented the kids from running amok.
As for your claim of slavery, if you bothered seeking the truth of what the bible say's about it, you would see that God opposed slavery. I really can't believe you just uttered that utterly ridiculous claim. Either you don't know what your own Biblical history says, or you don't have any qualms with lying.  Exodus 21:7: "And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do." Leviticus 25:44-46: "Your male and female slaves are to come from the nations around you; from them you may buy slaves. You may also buy some of the temporary residents living among you and members of their clans born in your country, and they will become your property. You can will them to your children as inherited property and can make them slaves for life, but you must not rule over your fellow Israelites ruthlessly." (NIV) When a man sells his daughter as a slave, she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are. If she does not please the man who bought her, he may allow her to be bought back again. But he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners, since he is the one who broke the contract with her. And if the slave girl's owner arranges for her to marry his son, he may no longer treat her as a slave girl, but he must treat her as his daughter. If he himself marries her and then takes another wife, he may not reduce her food or clothing or fail to sleep with her as his wife. If he fails in any of these three ways, she may leave as a free woman without making any payment. (Exodus 21:7-11 NLT) When a man strikes his male or female slave with a rod so hard that the slave dies under his hand, he shall be punished. If, however, the slave survives for a day or two, he is not to be punished, since the slave is his own property. (Exodus 21:20-21 NAB) Slaves, obey your earthly masters with deep respect and fear. Serve them sincerely as you would serve Christ. (Ephesians 6:5 NLT)  The Hebrew God did not oppose slavery. Can you show any bible passage which actually "opposes" slavery?   But being the incredible God that He is, who understood that Israel was surrounded by Countries which all practiced this barbaric trade, God instituted Laws for how Jews were to treat slaves and had mandatory freedom clauses built in so slaves of jews knew going in that their eventual freedom was assured during their lifetime. No other Country ever offered this promise to slaves. Jewish slaves were treated as member of the family and could even inherit property like a child would.  Now name for me the other countries which treated their slaves like equals foundit? And why don't you ever complain about all of the other slavery in the Ancient world as you attempt to condemn Israel so absolutely blindly and unfairly as you do? Slavery is slavery. It is WRONG. You provide more moral relativity. If the Hebrew god was eternal and his laws were unchanging, he should have given the perfect standard. Not just something to be a little better than others.   Now for the so called Genocide: I realize that you refuse to place any biblical historical event in its proper context considering the time in history these events took place, but that is what's required if someone wants to find the truth. The reality is that the land God was leading Moses to was occupied by barbarians who worshiped the Sun and Moon and carved idols out of wood and stone to pray to them. These people were violent and blood thirst kingdoms who usually wouldn't even allow strange tribes to cross their land.  So God ordered Israel to wipe out their enemies before their enemies wiped them out. "before their enemies wiped them out" ??? I thought these people had "God" on their side. The same God that supposedly whipped Egypt's but with plagues. The same God that supposedly made the "sun stand still" in the sky for the Israelites. So you're telling me that this God couldn't protect his "children" from enemies, without totally obliterating their enemies? Puh-LEAZE!   Also, there was another reason for such complete annihilation, that was in order to prevent the cultures of these heathen Nations from infecting Israel with their heathen and godless customs, and to protect the traditions and Laws which God had given the Jews. Considering this "infection" possibility exists even today, what has changed? The answer is that what people ARE CLAIMING god says has changed...   I know that concept of wiping the enemy out offends your modern sensibilities, but it was necessary for survival and so they wouldn't live under constant threats of invasion or cultural infection as Israel does today with their neighbors who hate them so passionately. I could go on, but I'm sure none of this will pierce the mill stone which is rolled over the door of your heart. So why bother. So you apologetically excuse atrocities from a supposedly "perfect" god who has incredible power to create the entire universe... The Israelites had to kill their neighbors to the last man, cause otherwise they would have been killed. Slavery is okay, cause everybody was doing it and the Jews supposedly did it better. Misogyny is okay, cause everybody is doing it an dthe Jews supposedly did it better.  You claim that "their neighbors" hated them, but you fail to recognize the hatred present in a pretend message from "god" telling his people to kill every man, woman, child, oxen, sheep, donkeys, ... I mean how utterly insane is it to KILL THE CATTLE of the people you are wiping out??? That doesn't show you EXACTLY how crazed the biblical Jews were? Or were the cattle going to invade Israel?  The truth of the matter is that "Israel" was a country like any other. Superstitious and intolerant like everybody else of their time. When they won a battle, they gave their god credit. When they lost battles and got enslaved, they wondered why their god had forsaken them. EVERY culture had similar actions in that vein...   You constantly blame God for the choices men freely make after God has supplied all of the avenues of escape from the danger and harm that those choices lead to. But I've been here long enough to know that you refuse to look inward when you can just as easily blame God for your sins. emoticon_xdonno And therein lies the foolishness and the blindness of Archie's approach. Using the example laid out above, the son broke curfew. Period. THAT was his choice.  What I am talking about is how the FATHER RESPONDED to that transgression, and instead of acknowledging the extreme child abuse, you instead try to focus blame on the child. Yes. The son DID break curfew. But where is the intelligence in talking about "the choices the son freely made" to break curfew, when I am saying that the CHILD ABUSE the father dishes out is unjust? The son broke curfew. Does that automatically mean that ANY punishment the father chooses is justified? In earthly situations, we recognize such a pretense as figurative insanity. In "religion" situations, too many people think it's rational and/or "truth" to NOT recognize the insanity.
Slavery is a bad thing for anyone at any time. It is inexcusable.
Archie,  Why am I completely unsurprised at your lack of moral character demonstrated in your act of PLAGIARISM shown in your last post... Is Yahweh a Moral Monster? - Evangelical Philosophical Society emoticon_rolleyes
Slavery is a bad thing for anyone at any time. It is inexcusable.  God is GOOd so if he was in favour of slavery in ancient times it means that then it was good but now it is not. But since Jehova had been silent for a long time maybe Jehova still aproves of slavery. emoticon_rolleyes  I want to talk to the old guy and ask him why he put that evil snake in the garden of eden and why he also planted that evil tree and also if the Jews, the good Jews that is go to Heaven or it is only the Christians
Slavery is not prohibited outright due to the surrounding cultures of the time, which I have already made clear.   so God went along with the practices of the time? I thought God was God and therefore was not subservient to customs, did he also dress according to the fashions of those times ? emoticon_rolleyes
Moral relativism, ad hominem and plagiarism. Such a heady brew is rare. Slavery is still wrong where and whenever it is practised or promoted.
Funny thing foundit, I thought this was a discussion about slavery, but rather than respond to that issue, you must assume I purposely with held the link even though it happens regularly with no condemnation from your side at all.  More moral relativism from Archie... He accuses others of being guilty of what he has done, so he shows no remorse.  And as for your accusation to others doing it... Really? Where? PROVE IT!  Don't throw out idle accusations without substantiation. That is not only slander, but a violation of your ten commandments on bearing false witness. WHO on "my side" has "regularly" committed plagiarism?  Or is that just another one of your blatant lies or willful delusions?   And just for the record, here is the original post of mine which you are responding to. emoticon_frazzled Archie, I read that last night and didn't have time to respond, other than to realize that you had plagiarized it. I'll tear it apart later. If you're going to repeat it, you could at least give the resource where you actually got it, instead of repeatedly throwing it out there like it's you who authored it.   Interesting how you have ignored responding to the rest of it as you continue to seek to demonize the God of Israel while ignoring the atrocities which occurred in the lawless nations around her at that time in history. And more moral relativism... The thing you fail to realize is that other "lawless nations" aren't still running around pretending to have their perfect law from a perfect God. If the "Canaanites" were still around trying to enforce their "bible" upon the U.S., proclaiming that it was perfect, I would question them too.   May I assume ... I already addressed this junk.
" Blessed are those who doubt the word of God, Opening their minds to what might be. No literal truth is literally true, Nor can one see unless one sees anew, In lieu of faith observing faithfully Each metaphor writ deep within each word.  Murderers would worship every word, A band of cutthroats in the name of God, Reasoning unreason faithfully, Knights of night, whose end cannot but be Unholy, though the righteous reign anew, Sure as angels of what words are true. ... "  unknown.
Slavery is a bad thing for anyone at any time. It is inexcusable.    Is that 'literally true'???
Funny thing foundit, I thought this was a discussion about slavery, but rather than respond to that issue, you must assume I purposely with held the link even though it happens regularly with no condemnation from your side at all.   And just for the record, here is the original post of mine which you are responding to. Interesting how you have ignored responding to the rest of it as you continue to seek to demonize the God of Israel while ignoring the atrocities which occurred in the lawless nations around her at that time in history. emoticon_xdonno May I assume your typical and oft repeated anti christian hate speech is directed at me once again? In short, you are dead wrong and are corrupting the actual truth with your very generalized attack as you make these claims out of context, both actual and historical. You call God a misogynist when it was the Jews who's women had more civil and human rights than any other civilization in the Ancient World.   The bible is clear that God hates divorce, but He instituted it in Israel because men were putting women out of their homes with nothing. No other civilizations had rights like that for women for hundreds of years. You will say how barbaric it was to stone a prostitute by LAW in Israel. How terrible and misogynistic of God. But that's just because you have no moral center to speak of.   You see foundit, in the neighboring countries, prostitution was rampant, but thousands of them were killed each year by savage men who raped and beat them and killed them for sport. After all foundit, prostitutes, much less any women had no rights of protection by law in those barbaric countries. Meanwhile, back in Israel, women were protected, respected and honored as valued citizens who contributed to their Society. And they knew the Law so the thought of demeaning themselves in such a filthy way was beyond comprehension to them.   So you feel free to focus on the law in Israel rather than focus on the reality for the women in other countries where no such laws existed to protect women from ever being forced into such a life of quiet desperation and ultimate futility. So let's talk about true misogyny and then you tell me why you support and promote prostitution when women had no rights of protection at all in those countries?   Also, in the ancient world every king in every kingdom in the known world had private armies which served them only. When those armies traveled the countryside, they had their way with any citizen for any reason they could dream up. If they needed food or money, they just took it from who ever was unfortunate enough to cross their paths. If they didn't like how someone looked at them they could kill them with no concern about legal retribution.  But not in Israel. The very first civilian based police force was founded by God in Israel a thousand years before the concept was accepted anywhere else on Earth. And these weren't just cops. They were boys chosen at birth and raised in the Law their whole lives as they were taught righteous understanding in full knowledge that they were representing Yahweh as a protector and defender of the innocent. Israel had a compassionate and intricate legal system which sought to find the truth rather than just convict the most available suspect while all other countries were tyrannical kingdoms which lacked all civil laws which protected regular citizens. And remember foundit, I'm talking about 1500 BC. Europe was still barbaric during the Dark Ages between 900 and 1400 AD.  As for your claim of slavery, if you bothered seeking the truth of what the bible say's about it, you would see that God opposed slavery. But being the incredible God that He is, who understood that Israel was surrounded by Countries which all practiced this barbaric trade, God instituted Laws for how Jews were to treat slaves and had mandatory freedom clauses built in so slaves of jews knew going in that their eventual freedom was assured during their lifetime. No other Country ever offered this promise to slaves. Jewish slaves were treated as member of the family and could even inherit property like a child would.   Now name for me the other countries which treated their slaves like equals foundit? And why don't you ever complain about all of the other slavery in the Ancient world as you attempt to condemn Israel so absolutely blindly and unfairly as you do?   Now for the so called Genocide: I realize that you refuse to place any biblical historical event in its proper context considering the time in history these events took place, but that is what's required if someone wants to find the truth. The reality is that the land God was leading Moses to was occupied by barbarians who worshiped the Sun and Moon and carved idols out of wood and stone to pray to them. These people were violent and blood thirst kingdoms who usually wouldn't even allow strange tribes to cross their land.   So God ordered Israel to wipe out their enemies before their enemies wiped them out. Also, there was another reason for such complete annihilation, that was in order to prevent the cultures of these heathen Nations from infecting Israel with their heathen and godless customs, and to protect the traditions and Laws which God had given the Jews. I know that concept of wiping the enemy out offends your modern sensibilities, but it was necessary for survival and so they wouldn't live under constant threats of invasion or cultural infection as Israel does today with their neighbors who hate them so passionately. I could go on, but I'm sure none of this will pierce the mill stone which is rolled over the door of your heart. So why bother.  so much for free will and bear the consequences  so why doesn't He intervene now and vanquish Hamas? Has Jehova retired?
Slavery is not prohibited outright due to the surrounding cultures of the time, which I have already made clear. And there are certainly negative aspects to it such as the possibility of limited beating of slaves which, if severe, was punishable by law; such laws didn't exist anywhere else at that time in history. And I have already made clear that this is MORAL RELATIVISM. All my neighbors are supposedly committing heinous / evil acts, so the divinely inspired Jews, lead by a perfect God, are doing the same.   Yet Mosaic legislation simultaneously expresses the hopeful goal of eradicating slavery-a theme of Deuteronomy 15-while both diminishing the staying power of slavery in light of the exodus and controlling the institution of slavery in light of the practical fact that misfortune in a subsistence culture could reduce anyone to poverty and indebtedness. Indeed, God's reminder to Israel of her own history exposes the reality of this institution as "less than ideal".  How can any utter this horse hockey? "hopeful goal of eradicating slavery" does not exist in Deuteronomy 15. It states that HEBREW slaves (no mention of non-hebrew slaves) were to be freed every seventh year. That doesn't mean NEW slaves couldn't be retaken.  And we should be clear that the ancient Hebrews practiced TWO forms of slavery. One for their fellow hebrews, which was more polite and civilized. Another for NON-hebrews, which would be more akin to the more "modern" form of how whites treated blacks during slavery times in the U.S.  And even if we assume that it was a "goal of eradicating slavery", then we must assume that god's followers were incredibly thick. After all, how many HUNDREDS of years after Deuteronomy did the biblical Hebrews CONTINUE to practice slavery??? Why is it that modern slavery (before Lincoln) saw the bible as JUSTIFYING their slavery???   God had redeemed Israel from slavery to become his people (Exod. 20:7), and his redemptive activity was to be a model for Israel's conduct within society-however miserably she happened to fail at this. That is thoroughly apologetic nonsense. God NEVER ONCE condemned the act of slavery during the "Israel" exodus incident. He objected to HIS PEOPLE being slaves to another non-hebrew people. I challenge Archie to show ANY Exodus chapter where God supposedly condemned slavery in its generic form, practiced by the Hebrews.  One would easily realize that if God supposedly did want his people to not practice slavery, he wouldn't have GIVEN GUIDELINES ON HOW TO DO IT in later passages.   "You shall not wrong a stranger or oppress him, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt (Exod. 22:21). Even more poignant is Exodus 23:9: "You shall not oppress a stranger, since you yourselves know the feelings of a stranger, for you also were strangers in the land of Egypt." Indeed, the command to love a stranger as oneself is rooted in the fact that "you were aliens in the land of Egypt" (Lev. 19:34). emoticon_rolleyes Funny how just a few verses away, we can find guidelines from the hebrew god on HOW TO ENSLAVE people, and treat slaves. You don't seem to get that these people thought it was OKAY to enslave others. And this passage, a chapter later in the bible. Obviously the Hebrew God thought it was "okay" to treat a stranger by enslaving them. Leviticus 25:44-46: "Your male and female slaves are to come from the nations around you; from them you may buy slaves. You may also buy some of the temporary residents living among you and members of their clans born in your country, and they will become your property. You can will them to your children as inherited property and can make them slaves for life, but you must not rule over your fellow Israelites ruthlessly." (NIV)    The atheists love to overlook or avoid these strong undertones, which help sow the seeds of slavery's own destruction. emoticon_frazzled How many thousands of years later were people STILL enslaving people in Christ's name, proclaiming it was their God given right???? These are the MODERN bible verses which people are NO RE-INTERPRETING to be against slavery. Even the people who RECEIVED these bible passages didn't think they meant that they should stop owning slaves. That should mean something...   With that said, the three main texts regarding slave legislation (Exod. 21; Lev. 25; Deut. 15) reveal a morally-improved legislation as the text progresses when compared to any form of slavery which existed anywhere else in the ancient world. You refuse to judge Israel in context of the world they existed within at the time. Christopher Wright (in response to Gordon McConville) persuasively contends, however, that we should give the final Pentateuchal editor(s) the benefit of the doubt, who would certainly have been aware of these differences but kept all of these texts in place; this suggests a reconciliation or rationale for doing so. Wright sees Deuteronomy "modifying, extending, and to some extent reforming earlier laws, with additional explicit theological rationale and motivation." He goes so far as to say that while Exodus 21 emphasizes the humanness of slaves, even the ancient Israelite would recognize that Deuteronomy 15 was in tension with earlier legislation. So, to obey Deuteronomy "necessarily meant no longer complying with Exodus." This point serves to illustrate the "living, historical and contextual nature of the growth of Scripture. "Reflecting upon the wider canonical framework reminds us that we should not focus on one single text alone. Indeed, Genesis 1-2 remind us of God's creational ideals that were clouded and distorted by human falseness. Again, MORAL RELATIVISM. The author wants credit for the Jews actions, just cause everybody else was doing it. And like I said, if we were talking OUTSIDE of religious terms, I would have no problem judging history in its historical context.  But the point is that these laws were supposedly given by a god that 1) Created ALL people. 2) Is a "loving" God 3) Is a "just" God. 4) Is an "all knowing" God.  If a brother picks a fight with a brother, and the brothers are seven-years old, then I can easily judge the situation on the basis of youth and realize the children will develop. But here we have a situation where THE FATHER is telling one brother to ENSLAVE the other brother, and that it's okay. And for that, I judge the father as being WRONG.   You seem to have this impression that God was obligated or inclined to intervene into the affairs of the jews in a personal way when what He did was guide them but never restrained them from exercising their own free will as a people or a nation. Just as God deals with believers today. He guides us but never does He force us to do anything. God never over rides mans free will under any circumstances. Then, just as now, it is when we obey him that all of the pieces seem to fall into place. When we rebel, we reap what we sow apart from Gods will or intrusion. Is Yahweh a Moral Monster? - Evangelical Philosophical Society What is this junk? The issue is NOT that God gave "free will". The issue is that GOD COMMANDED enslaving other people. (along with misogyny and genocide)  The issue is that God COMMANDED the following... Deuteronomy 21:10-14: "When thou goest forth to war against thine enemies, and the LORD thy God hath delivered them into thine hands, and thou hast taken them captive, And seest among the captives a beautiful woman, and hast a desire unto her, that thou wouldest have her to thy wife; Then thou shalt bring her home to thine house; and she shall shave her head, and pare her nails; And she shall put the raiment of her captivity from off her, and shall remain in thine house, and bewail her father and her mother a full month: and after that thou shalt go in unto her [i.e. rape her or engage in consensual sex], and be her husband, and she shall be thy wife. And it shall be, if thou have no delight in her, then thou shalt let her go whither she will; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money, thou shalt not make merchandise of her, because thou hast humbled her."  Deuteronomy 20:14" "But the women, and the little ones, and the cattle, and all that is in the city, even all the spoil thereof, shalt thou take unto thyself"  Does that sound like a JUST god? Does it sound like a God who created ALL people, looking out for all people with love and an all knowing justice?  My point is that the Old TEstament is an example of a barbaric people, setting their own rules and keeping THEMSELVES in line because they proclaimed "God" told them to act a certain way. If anybody looks at the "self-described" nature of God, and COMPARES that to his ACTIONS in the Old Testament, they would realize that the two are not the same.
I believe that if you are brainwashed to believe that some BEING is watching your every move and that if you do something He doesn't like, he'll send you to be tortured for eternity, than you don't really have 'freewill'. It might make you behave better, but doing the right things because they are right is better than not doing bad because you'll be punished. Much religion does equal slavery of the mind!
Come on Arch...I wasn't attacking you. Just putting in my personal 2 cents about the nature of man and free will. But don't get me started on the bible...I'm riled up enough over our new Messiah Obama!
I wasn't offended by your post, nor did I feel attacked. I just needed to clarify the truth of what the gospel represents. As for Obama's messianic influence, I'm as riled as you are.  There is an overabundance of man-hours for people complaining about Obama's "messiah" classification, as opposed to the relatively few man-hours of people actually perpetuating an Obama "messiah" classification. emoticon_xagree
 [God]'s just wondering how long you will let the devil make a slave of you.Not my biggest beef (that would probably be the separation between the importance of faith and deeds), but this is a good one to go over (and is possibly tenuously linked).  Imagine in your story that Johnny hadn't confessed to his gran. How long would she have stood by, watching Sally force Johnny to do all the work, before she stepped in and either forced Johnny to confess, or let him know that she forgave (note the past tense when this word is used in the story) him anyway? If she knew that Johnny was about to leave home, many years later, but was still being tormented over the duck incident, would she not help him out?  By the story (and all I've seen of Christianity so far) God doesn't forgive because 'He loves us' - at the time of the misdeed, like the grandmother in the story. God forgives us only after we have confessed, because He loves us and we have asked for forgiveness. At least, this asking always seems to be a necessary part.   To clarify: I sin. Does God immediately forgive me? 1. If yes: Why must I ask for forgiveness, after it has already been granted? If I don't confess my sin to God, does he automatically take back his forgiving?  2. If no: Who is more forgiving, God - or the grandmother in the story? Note also that it is within God's power to ease my suffering at any time, but He's just sitting back, 'wondering how long I'll let the devil make a slave of me' - no matter how long that may be for, including (apparently) all eternity.  To summarise the clarification: The idea that God forgives us unconditionally is directly at odds with the condition that 'we must ask for forgiveness'.  Anyone?  EDIT: Please note I haven't read most of the rest of the thread (will do so as soon as I have the time), so apologies if I'm repeating old material. It looked like the previous discussion had mostly exhausted itself, though.
Your understanding of Gods forgiveness toward us is completely erroneous iangb. Here's why. The day that Jesus died on Calvary's Cross He died for the sins of every human being who was and would ever be born, including you and me. The job of forgiving you is done. As He said before He died, IT IS FINISHED! Death AND SIN was defeated as of that point in time.  All that remains is for each of us to receive that free gift by a sincere act of our conscious will. Archie, you've got this annoying habit of CLAIMING people's understanding or interpretations are wrong, but then you COMPLETELY FAIL to show where what they said was wrong...  It's one of the reasons why your messages routinely fail to convince anyone.  iangb sums up his issue in one sentence: "The idea that God forgives us unconditionally is directly at odds with the condition that 'we must ask for forgiveness'." That is COMPLETELY ACCURATE. Christian dogma requires that a person must ASK FOR FORGIVENESS before it is given.  And you don't refute that. You try to label it as "...free gift by a sincere act of our conscious will", but all you've done is change the wrapping paper on the gift.   No act of sacrifice is required on our part to be worthy of being accepted by God because it was all accomplished by the perfect lamb of God who's shed blood was an acceptable propitiation for our sins 2000 years ago. Nobody was saying a sacrifice was required. You're jousting at strawman.  Iangb has accurately noted that your story is thoroughly different from reality in one major regard. In your story, the Grandma forgave Johnny BEFORE Johnny even requested it. I don't think that method of phrasing the issue was accidental. It's what makes the story endearing.  I think that if the story was changed to how the REAL Christian dogma treats the situation, it would have been nowhere near endearing. So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several day of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I now forgive you. But if you had left here without requesting my forgiveness, I would have tortured you eternally for that one mistake in a lake of fire, because I love you. And for the record, after each time she did it, Sally told me she was sorry and I forgave her for it."    To summarise the clarification: The idea that God forgives us unconditionally is directly at odds with the condition that 'we must ask for forgiveness'. Anyone? I agree with you. It's not the same thing.
I repeat for foundits benefit. For the life of me, I don't know why you spend so much of your time JUST "repeating" what you've already said. Like saying it a second time is going to change things...  We understood you the first time. You have done nothing to show us where we were wrong by repeating yourself.  What it REALLY comes across as is "You are wrong. I am going to repeat myself to give the impression that I have somehow corrected you, but I have not actually pointed out anything SPECIFIC you said which was inaccurate"   Complete forgiveness for our sins was accomplished for all of humanity 2000 years ago on the Cross. I'm going to ask you a direct question, which I am sure you will ignore.  John is an atheist. He has stolen some money. He is sincerely remorseful over his actions. Since John is remorseful, has your Judeo-Christian God FORGIVEN John?  You can "blah, blah, blah" all you want, but a "yes" or a "no" needs to be given EXPLICITLY in your answer.   It isn't something that becomes real only when sought by a person. It must be accepted in order to be received though. The funny thing here is that in the real world, real people's "forgiveness" isn't contingent on "acceptance".  I can forgive my brother for being rude to me. Maybe it doesn't matter whether or not he actually feels sorry. It sure as heck wouldn't require him to "accept" my forgiveness.   This takes an act of the receivers will by accepting Jesus as ones Lord and Savior. And therein lies the answer to my question above. The answer is "No". The forgiveness is obviously NOT "unconditional". There IS a condition.  And you fail to recognize the magnitude of that condition. Suppose you had a dictator that has thrown his political dissidents in torture prisons. For eternity. Along comes Jack who jaywalks. He is brought before the dictator and told that he can be "forgiven" as long as he acknowledges the dictator's "love". Now a rational person would recognize this situation as sketchy.   Just asking God to forgive ones sin if one doesn't have a personal relationship with Jesus and possess His Holy Spirit within them is what God calls lip service and means nothing regarding true forgiveness of sins. If a person cuts me off in traffic, I can forgive that person without any real concern. If a person cuts in front of me in the checkout line, I can forgive that person without requiring them to have a "personal relationship" with me.  What you are talking about is that a person must SUBMIT to your god and essentially swear fealty to your god. Then, and ONLY then, is "forgiveness" granted.  Forgiveness without a "personal relationship" does exist. It is not irrational. It is often expected. You have long ago agreed to drink the kool-aid, and for some reason you think it rational to denigrate those who question the demand to drink the kool-aid.   Iangb said: [iangb] To clarify: I sin. Does God immediately forgive me? My response to this is that God forgave that sin 2000 years ago, you just accepted that forgiveness when you accepted Jesus as your savior. This is utter and complete malarkey. Suppose a father tells his son at infancy "I forgive you for everything you could possibly do, as long as you recognize me as your master and always acknowledge your loyalty to me." And then, years later the father and the son have a falling out. The father insists that the son "already has forgiveness", but again the son must acknowledge loyalty to the father.  That isn't "already forgiving". It's CONDITIONAL forgiveness, and it obviously doesn't really exist until the son submits to the father.  It is absurd to claim that the forgiveness "already exists" and was given in the past, when the truth is that the forgiveness depends upon the presence or absence of a PRESENT or FUTURE action.   And the bible promises that that sin was thrown into the Sea of forgetfulness by God. I personally continually fall short of Gods glory. I commit sins which I'm not even aware of in comparison to Gods perfect holiness, so how can I seek forgiveness for them? What matters is that I am covered by the blood of Christ and forgiven based on the propitiation He accomplished for me 2000 years ago. That's the issue YOU fixate on. You are once again ignoring what iangb has REALLY said.
Hold your horses foundit.  Archie could well be right on this one. He has not yet had the opportunity to redefine the word 'unconditional' - I mean he has not yet had the chance to inform us of his god's definition of the word 'unconditional'.  If his god has a different definition of this word, who are we, the spiritually dead, to question him?  Let the great 'twisting and turning' dance continue!
Even iangb who's been on this afternoon hasn't questioned my response to him. Don't assume things of me, please. I have similar/different reservations to foundit, but I don't have time currently (3500 words still to write, deadline in ~16 hours) to put them down in a manner with which I'm satisfied.  I'll do so as soon as I can. In the meantime - one more question, if I may. After I die, who decides whether I go to Heaven or Hell? If you could answer that for me, it might prevent me making some flawed assumptions when I next find the time - both with my reservations about your answer and my other, bigger (and probably related) 'beef with God'.
First of all, who's this we you're referring to? You're all alone on this one. I was referring to a generic overview, and even on this issue, I am far from alone. Quite frankly, YOU are more "alone" than I am. Who the heck has chimed in to say they agree with you???   Even iangb who's been on this afternoon hasn't questioned my response to him. So if somebody doesn't respond to you within 7 hours, you automatically assume they have no problem with what you say? Puh-LEAZE!  Plus, iangb has since set the record straight on your assumption.   And the reason I simply reiterated my original argument with some additional clarification is because I needn't add to the truth as it is self evident to any rational person. If it was "self evident" the first time, why repeat it? All you're doing is giving the pretense of refutation, when the truth is that you are routinely IGNORING what your detractors say.   Show me where the bible says remorse is the path to forgiveness. Remorse without repentance is just a consciousness of guilt which you ignore and bury within yourself every day of your life. Repentance means to turn away from your sin. That leads to submitting ones life to Gods authority and there in lies true and ultimate forgiveness and salvation.  1) I knew you couldn't give me an honest answer. I even explicitly explained I wanted an explicit "yes" or "no" (acknowledging that follow-on elaboration is a given), and you turn around and IGNORE the question entirely. THAT is your problem. (Or at least one of many...) You can't give people an straight-forward answer when a straight-forward answer is called for.  2) Your claimed distinction is trivial. Anybody who is remorseful will obviously make an effort not to repeat the same error again. Your "remorse without repentance" line sounds like a bad mental illness. Even alcoholics "repent" and say they won't drink again.  3) You aren't even addressing my real point. I'll replace "remorse" with "repentant" and my real point is unchanged.  I'm going to ask you a direct question, which I am sure you will ignore.  John is an atheist. He has stolen some money. He repents his actions. Since John is repentant, has your Judeo-Christian God FORGIVEN John?  You can "blah, blah, blah" all you want, but a "yes" or a "no" needs to be given EXPLICITLY in your answer.    And neither would he get any benefit from your forgiveness since he had no change of heart at all. People get a "benefit" from forgiveness, even without a "change of heart". Suppose the U.S. were to adopt the biblical system of debt forgiveness. The person would obviously STILL reap a benefit from the debt forgiveness, without ANY "change of heart" on the part of the debtor.  John is mad at his wife Mary for not picking up after herself. John can decide Mary's good qualities outweigh the bad, and forgive her. Mary gets the "benefits" of forgiveness, without a change of heart.  Your insistence that the person has to have a "change of heart" is yet another example of how your adherence to Christianity has skewed your thinking. And I am not saying Christianity has done that, cause I doubt most Christians think like you. I am saying that your mind-set of trying to justify everything in the bible (while most simply give some level of recognition of distinction between reality and bible) has caused you to adopt a thoroughly skewed position.   That is how it is with God. Jesus death on the Cross 2000 years ago paid the price for every sin you have ever committed, but you haven't had any change of heart from that sacrifice because you feel no sorrow or need to repent for your rebellion against His holy nature and self sacrifice. Thanks for making my point for me with your own example. :) I understand the dogma. You fail to recognize the issue of my contention. And you simply repeat your kool-aid speak like it somehow addresses the issue, when it doesn't.   Lord, forgive foundit for his closed mind and ignorant stubbornness, please? emoticon_xangel The forgiveness is unconditional. Can you give some definition of "unconditional" which will explain how, by my current situation, I am not forgiven for my sins? If it were unconditional, there would be NO CONDITIONS. Ergo, EVERYBODY would be forgiven.   But one must accept that forgiveness in order to take hold of it. See! There it is! You JUST GAVE the condition. But for some reason, you cannot recognize that IS a condition.   It is offered freely with no strings attached, but you must accept it being a free will creature and all. God would never impose Himself on an unwilling soul. Again, you say things that just baffle rationality. Forgiveness is IMPOSING???  So if I forgive the person who cut me off on the freeway, or cut in line at the super-market, I am "imposing" upon that person by forgiving them?   Talk about ROFLMBO... Now it's my turn :) For you to say that I fail to recognize the magnitude of what it means to submit ones life to Gods authority is just ludicrous to the max. Where did I say that? I didn't say that. I said that you fail to recognize the legitimacy of somebody's reservations in NOT doing that. If God were a man who lead people in the way the bible described, we would call him a dictator. A tyrant. A genocidal maniac. But you demand worship of him, without question.   As for your dictator example, it doesn't apply to my Father in heaven so isn't worth even discussing such an inane analogy. Again, you fail to question your god, but you demand others automatically believe as you do. It's like saying "You must worship Obama. You say Obama did wrong in that situation? You cannot question it, and I refuse to discuss it, but you are wrong in not recognizing Obama as a messiah". It's your thought process, demanding much from others but providing little in answers, which is inane!   You keep thinking with your natural mind and on a human level and keep applying that thinking to God and His perfect standards and see how far it gets you. I invite the viewing audience to read Archie's reply carefully. Archie is essentially ASSUMING God as "perfect standards", and thus refusing to apply any common sense evaluation to the situation. He BELIEVES God to be perfect, ergo any evidence which may indicate the contrary must be disregarded and ignored.  It's why discussions with fundies is so circular. In their head, it always comes back to their mentally unassailable and unquestionable assumption that God said it, and thus it must be so and must be perfect.   I needn't defend God here, only attempt to explain His truths from His perspective to you. Archie, you don't need to "explain" anything. 1) You believe God to be perfect. 2) Any apparent contradiction of rule #1, should see rule #1 for validation of rule #1.  You don't need to "explain" that. I understand what you're saying. Me stating the flaw in your way of thinking is not me misunderstanding it.   Attacking me is useless also since nothing I'm saying is my opinion but is what the Gods word requires of us. Your argument is with God, not me. I am not attacking you. And my argument is with your representation of God.   See answer directly above: The one where you ignore my analogy and declare it "inane"? Yeah. I got your method of ignoring the issue...   Since God is not limited to time and space but encompasses all of it, Jesus did die for the sins of all humanity once and for all time on Calvary's Cross. Do you realize how close to a Flower Child you sound in your refusal to admit the obvious? It is absurd to claim that the forgiveness "already exists" and was given in the past, when the truth is that the forgiveness depends upon the presence or absence of a PRESENT or FUTURE action. Claiming "God is not limited to time and space" to ignore an obvious logic fallacy of your explanation is absurd.  Even more absurd is the fact that the CHRISTIAN position (note, not YOUR position, but rather the CHRISTIAN THEOLOGY position) suffers absolutely NOTHING if the obvious point I have made is recognized. It is you and your arrogant pride which has presumed to declare the inaccurate, and insist on its absolute truth to the extent of redefining words and logic.  Christian dogma itself? It suffers NOTHING if it admits that forgiveness is granted after the believing sinner repents. Once again, you add your EXTRA interpretation to things, insist that YOU must be right, and try to hide behind your religion which actually suffers nothing if YOUR statement is false.   That you are unable to appreciate that does nothing at all to change or nullify the truth of it. Not that this will pierce that darkness in your soul, but maybe the bible will help clarify the seriousness of the spiritual condition you are in. [INDENT][COLOR=&quot;DarkRed&quot;]Rom 6:1 What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? Rom 6:2 Certainly not! How shall we who died to sin live any longer in it? Rom 6:3 Or do you not know that as many of us as were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into His death? Rom 6:4 Therefore we were buried with Him through baptism into death, that just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life. Rom 6:5 For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death, certainly we also shall be [in the likeness] of [His] resurrection, Rom 6:6 knowing this, that our old man was crucified with [Him], that the body of sin might be done away with, that we should no longer be slaves of sin. Rom 6:7 For he who has died has been freed from sin. Rom 6:8 Now if we died with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with Him, Rom 6:9 knowing that Christ, having been raised from the dead, dies no more. Death no longer has dominion over Him. Rom 6:10 For [the death] that He died, He died to sin once for all; but [the life] that He lives, He lives to God.[Archangel] You do realize that Jesus died 2000 years ago don't you? So according to this He died once and for all people 2000 years ago just as I have been saying all along. You fail to recognize that my issue is NOT with that philosophical approach. It's with the absurd notion that you ADD ON to all of that in YOU (not the bible) refuse to admit to the truth that God's forgiveness has a condition.   If you choose not to accept that as true, please don't argue with me about it because it's your right to reject it like you reject every other spiritual truth in the bible.  Archie, it takes two to tango. And when you reply to my statements, you are perpetuating the "argument with you". I will not sit idly by and let this abuse of logic and reason go unrenounced!   Rom 6:11 Likewise you also, reckon yourselves to be dead indeed to sin, but alive to God in Christ Jesus our Lord. Rom 6:12 Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in its lusts. Rom 6:13 And do not present your members [as] instruments of unrighteousness to sin, but present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead, and your members [as] instruments of righteousness to God. Rom 6:14 For sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but under grace. And there are also these verses which repeat the same message.Hbr 9:27 And as it is appointed for men to die once, but after this the judgment, Hbr 9:28 so Christ was offered once to bear the sins of many. To those who eagerly wait for Him He will appear a second time, apart from sin, for salvation. = = 1Pe 3:18 For Christ also suffered once for sins, the just for the unjust, that He might bring us* to God, being put to death in the flesh but made alive by the Spirit,Oh, and smiley, no need to redefine any words at all. That's your domain. Your approach defies logic and reason. If a person does not believe in your religion, what good is quoting bible verses at them to persuade them that what you say is true?   After I die, who decides whether I go to Heaven or Hell? If you could answer that for me, it might prevent me making some flawed assumptions when I next find the time - both with my reservations about your answer and my other, bigger (and probably related) 'beef with God'.  2Cr 5:10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, that each one may receive the things [done] in the body, according to what he has done, whether good or bad. Again, Archie refuses to give the simple answer. Anybody who READS his biblical quote will realize the answer. The JUDGMENT SEAT is "Christ's", ergo it is CHRIST's decision on who goes to heaven and who goes to hell.  But dollars to donuts says that Archie will insist that decision is made by us mere mortals! Anybody want to bet?
Well foundit, I guess you've answered the question of what your beef with God is. As for me, I've made myself clear enough to satisfy an illiterate in my explanations to you. Archie... The problem is not that people can't "read" or understand what you're saying. The problem is that people CAN read AND UNDERSTAND what you're saying...   I see no reason to attempt to justify what I know to be absolutely correct according to what God requires of us to receive the FREE GIFT OF SALVATION. Wallow in your bitterness since that is obviously all you have to cling to. emoticon_xbye Therein lies another problem of yours. Assuming that people who do not believe as you do somehow "hate truth" or are "bitter".  It's yet another reason why you cannot persuade other people. You have no REAL understanding of where other people are coming from, so when you describe them in such terms, you not only alienate them in your attacks but you demonstrate your own cluelessness as to the reality of others in the world around you.  Feel free to believe what you want. I support your right to do so. I'm just not going to pretend it's rational. And when you speak with a freedom of speech proclaiming your beliefs, I am going to use a freedom of speech to analyze your beliefs. emoticon_xagree
Archie accuses foundit of being closed-minded. I haven't laughed so much for weeks.
If I were a devout Christian with a profound love of Christ as the Messiah and Saviour, I would be enormously offended by Archie's story of Grandma and the dead duck.  Heck, even as an atheist I am. How demeaning to the deeper meaning of Jesus and Christ as the Messiah and the Saviour.  I should hope that a religion would have a deeper sort of spirituality than that represented by Archie.
I am offended by a god which is so threatening and fearful that its followers fear to tell the truth, that they fear to be honest.
I am offended by a god which is so threatening and fearful that its followers fear to tell the truth, that they fear to be honest.  Personally , I can't be offended by such a God. Now, the followers, that is a different problem. They can actually DO some damage to people
God forgets??   Alzheimer or dementia caused by old age ?? :p  By the way why is the Devil evil? how did it happen?
Incredible, just incredible. You never cease to amaze me with the blatant hypocrisy and double standards you represent and are totally blind to. You, who will defend the infanticide of 1.3 million babies a year in the US and be offended that convicted murderers can face the death penalty, are offended by this story of a boys mistake. and the moral lesson it teaches?   Please clarify in clear terms if you are capable simone, exactly what is it about this story which you find so offensive so we can all learn from your perceived atheistic wisdom. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xdonno  I thought hunting was an approved pastime for Evangelical fanatics.  So the moral of the story is: it is OK to kill ducks if one later confesses   I don't remember reading this in the New or Old Testament
Woo, better-late-than-never post!  Here's how things stand at the moment, as I see it.   1. If I sin, God forgives me - regardless of whether I am a Christian at that point or not. 2. God is the one that judges me to decide whether I go to heaven or hell after I die.  What I don't see from these two is why the need to ask for forgiveness - or even accept Christ as Lord - is such a necessary part of your faith. To go back to our grandmother analogy: say it is the grandmother's choice, when Johnny gets old enough, whether he is sent to 'St Brutus' School for the Criminally Insane' or 'Sunny Meadow School for the Absolutely Awesome'. Grandma makes her choice based (for some unknown reason) on whether (or not) she has forgiven Johnny. Why should the fact that Johnny has not accepted her forgiveness make any difference?  To clarify (again): Why does God judge people whom He loves unconditionally as condemned to an eternity of punishment?  Another version - to reword Foundit's version of the 'duck story': ... So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several days of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I forgave you you. But if you had left here without accepting that forgiveness, I would have let Sally make a slave of you for ever"
You triggered a memory of waiting outside the chapel for my childhood pal on our way to go scrumping apples, while he went in to get his slate wiped clean for last week's apple scrumping! I recall a tinge of faint envy that his religion had such a facility! emoticon_xgood
No. Jesus said you must repent. He also said, "... unless you believe that I (Jesus) am the one I claim to be you will indeed die in your sins."In that case, my original problem resurfaces. See post #244.  If God loves us, why demand repentance in order that we be forgiven?  The knowledge of forgiveness is valuable in itself, lifting the guilt and shame of sin allows you to start your life afresh here and now. The acceptance of God's forgiveness means you have a blank slate. As St. Paul says, "love keeps no score of wrongs, but delights in the truth". God delights in repentance, in our acknowledgement of the truth of what we have done wrong, but keeps no count of these things, because he loves us. Absolutely, with regards to the 'here-and-now' - I don't doubt that confession can be liberating for many. What I'm still finding issue with, though, is the 'count of things' that God maintains if we don't repent - regardless of His love for us.
His love is unconditional, except for the condition. ;)
Since you're repeating post 244, here's my answer to that post on post 245.  And I repeat for exclamation, The forgiveness was given when Jesus died on the Cross; what we must do by an act of our free will is accept that forgiveness. That is the foundation of the personal relationship which results in accepting Jesus as our personal savior. That is the process by which Gods Holy Spirit comes into us and dwells with us.   God cannot and will not force anything on us, not even Himself. We must knowingly and willingly enter into a personal relationship with Him so we can attain the fellowship with Him which was lost when Adam and Eve fell from Grace. http://www.4forums.com/political/344904-post245.html Rom 5:8 But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Rom 5:9 Much more then, having now been justified by His blood, we shall be saved from wrath through Him. Rom 5:10 For if when we were enemies we were reconciled to God through the death of His Son, much more, having been reconciled, we shall be saved by His life. Rom 5:11 And not only [that], but we also rejoice in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have now received the reconciliation. Rom 5:12 Therefore, just as through one man sin entered the world, and death through sin, and thus death spread to all men, because all sinned- Rom 5:13 (For until the law sin was in the world, but sin is not imputed when there is no law. Rom 5:14 Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over those who had not sinned according to the likeness of the transgression of Adam, who is a type of Him who was to come. Rom 5:15 But the free gift [is] not like the offense. For if by the one man's offense many died, much more the grace of God and the gift by the grace of the one Man, Jesus Christ, abounded to many. Rom 5:16 And the gift [is] not like [that which came] through the one who sinned. For the judgment [which came] from one [offense resulted] in condemnation, but the free gift [which came] from many offenses [resulted] in justification. Rom 5:17 For if by the one man's offense death reigned through the one, much more those who receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness will reign in life through the One, Jesus Christ.) Rom 5:18 Therefore, as through one man's offense [judgment] came to all men, resulting in condemnation, even so through one Man's righteous act [the free gift came] to all men, resulting in justification of life. Rom 5:19 For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so also by one Man's obedience many will be made righteous.   Once again not a single cogent argument just the usual Biblical diarreha.  Some fools have the Bible for brains.   Can you express one single thought of your own in your own words?  where does evil come from Archie the Christian Taliban?? :p
Archie: that post of mine was a direct response to Easyrider, who claimed that if I sin, God does not forgive me.  I'm hoping you'll answer my question that was relevant to you. So far, though, I'm still waiting.
OK, in an attempt to resolve the doublethink that Archie seems to be professing, I'll repeat the quotes in context. I would simplify this, but I really don't see how. 1. If I sin, God forgives me - regardless of whether I am a Christian at that point or not.No. Jesus said you must repent.And...Easyrider... claimed that if I sin, God does not forgive me.Really? You read him saying that in this post which you quoted? No wonder it's impossible for us to reason with you people, you have no concept of what we are actually saying. Problem?  Let's lay it out in a nice chain of logic/pseudocode for you.  Q1. I sin. Does God forgive me, regardless of my faith and/or repentance? A1: No. In this case, we have an issue between God's unconditional love and His conditional forgiveness.  A2: Yes. In this case, goto Q2.  Q2: I die, and am judged by God. Do my sins in life (given that they have been forgiven) affect whether I go to Heaven or Hell? A1: No. In this case, why repent - or even believe - in the first place? A2: Yes. In this case, why does a being who loves me and has forgiven me ('wiped my slate clean') still judge me as being worthy of an eternity of suffering?   in-post edit: When you say 'forcing Himself upon us'... you mean, like sending us to Hell after we die?
Exactly, brother. People have to repent and receive Jesus as their Lord and Savior for the remission of their sins or they're still dead in their sins.   That litany sounds like the mindless repeating of someone who can not think for themselves. It has a bunch of emotional sounding key words, when removed from the shock value based on their societal context mean nothing.  I am Jesus of the Borg, you will be accumulated.  Remission is for cancer, not for sins.
Let me help you some more on this.  Parable of the Wedding Feast - Matthew 22:1-14  2"The kingdom of heaven is like a king who prepared a wedding banquet for his son. 3He sent his servants to those who had been invited to the banquet to tell them to come, but they refused to come. 4"Then he sent some more servants and said, `Tell those who have been invited that I have prepared my dinner: My oxen and fattened cattle have been butchered, and everything is ready. Come to the wedding banquet.' 5"But they paid no attention and went off--one to his field, another to his business. 6The rest seized his servants, mistreated them and killed them. 7The king was enraged. He sent his army and destroyed those murderers and burned their city.  8"Then he said to his servants, `The wedding banquet is ready, but those I invited did not deserve to come. 9Go to the street corners and invite to the banquet anyone you find.' 10So the servants went out into the streets and gathered all the people they could find, both good and bad, and the wedding hall was filled with guests. 11"But when the king came in to see the guests, he noticed a man there who was not wearing wedding clothes. 12`Friend,' he asked, `how did you get in here without wedding clothes?' The man was speechless. 13"Then the king told the attendants, `Tie him hand and foot, and throw him outside, into the darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.' 14"For many are invited, but few are chosen."   In this Parable: 1. The King = God the Father  2. The Son = God the Son, Jesus Christ 3. The first group that was invited = The Israelites who declined 4. The second group that was invited = The Gentiles and those Jews who accepted 5. The servants = those who preach the Gospel of Christ's salvation Explanation of the Parable:  God's chosen people, the Jews, were the first to receive the invitation to receive their Savior Jesus Christ, the Son of God whom they rejected. The Wedding / Gospel invitation was then given to others (the gentiles - note Romans 1:16, etc.). In short, everyone had received an invitation, but not everyone accepted the invitation.  Note that the Book of Revelation describes a future marriage of the Lamb (Jesus - John 1:29) and His Bride (Revelation 19:7).  The guest who was not arrayed in the proper wedding attire was one who had declined God's gift of salvation and righteousness - a robe of righteousness that comes not from man, but from God only:  Isaiah 61:10, "I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels."  Note that in Genesis 15:6, this righteousness comes through faith in God: "Abram believed (had faith in) the Lord, and it was credited to him as righteousness." Also note Ephesians 2:8-9 in the New Testament.  Believers are covered with God's garment of righteousness / salvation. When God looks at the repentant sinner He does not see the filthy attire of sin, but the robe of righteousness obtained by Christ's perfect obedience to the law. There are none righteous apart from this God-given righteousness. A perfect example that this righteousness is not obtained by man's own inherent "goodness" is found in Zechariah chapter 3:  3 Now Joshua was dressed in filthy clothes as he stood before the angel. 4 The angel said to those who were standing before him, "Take off his filthy clothes." Then he said to Joshua, "See, I have taken away your sin, and I will put rich garments on you."  Filthy clothes = sin in the above scripture, while a robe of righteousness = a garment of salvation in Isaiah 61:10.  From the New Testament we find:  Romans 13:14 - "Rather, clothe yourselves with the Lord Jesus Christ..."  Philippians 3:9 - "..not having a righteousness of my own that comes from (keeping ) the law, but that which is through faith in Christ..."  Also note that in Matthew 22:10 - "...the servants went out into the streets and gathered all the people they could find, both good and bad, and the wedding hall was filled with guests."  Here we see the illustration of those gathered off the streets - people who may well have not been able to afford special wedding garments on such short notice. Also note that those gathered were both "good and bad," so that the invitation was not based on works, otherwise just the "good" would have been invited. So the wedding garments - the garments of salvation - were God's gift to those who accepted the invitation to the Son's (Christ's) wedding to his bride - his church of true believers.  In the end, those without the God / Christ-given robe of righteousness / salvation were cast into the outer darkness, where there is weeping and the gnashing of teeth.  "For many are invited, but few are chosen." Matthew 22:14  If you think you can get to heaven without receiving and believing in Christ as your Lord and Savior for the remission of your sins, then start calling churches and asking the pastors.  Do all your sources like to quote just lines or partial lines of the bible to support their position? That isn't even good Bible study. That is , basically, stupid.
ER has cited the Christianity of Matthew.  What if one observes the Christianity of John or some other version of Christianity?
ER has cited the Christianity of Matthew.  What if one observes the Christianity of John or some other version of Christianity?  Actually, what ER did was quote one line here, one line there, and didn't even get the full meaning of what was there.  And of course, although many seek and few are chosen, ER believes he is a chosen.
You wouldn't care to prove he distorted the meaning of any verse by using them out of context, or that the message of his post was distorted or inaccurate, would you? emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xchicken  You mean the way that you "prove" that everyone but you quotes the bible out of context?  Explain to me again how quoting entire passages is "quoting out of context", but cherry-picking one verse is quoting it "in context".  Still waiting for you to answer my basic math question as well. Or will you finally admit that addition is beyond you?
Not everyone, that would be crazy. Just secular humanists and atheists who want to twist what the bible actually says in order to pervert its true meaning. I defend it's truth. I don't make it up as I go along as your side does. "make it up as I go along"? emoticon_xdonno  Even when we quote CHRISTIAN resources INTERPRETING the bible passages, you still ignore them. We can point out "this Christian interpreted this section and doesn't see what you claim", and you turn around and ADD your thinking to the other Christian's words.   Like I said, I don't play your games or jump through your hoops on demand. Beside, it's too much fun aggravating you by ignoring your childish dares. You take glee in aggravating others, yet think YOU are "Christian". You take glee in aggravating others, yet think OTHER PEOPLE are behaving childishly... emoticon_xdonno  It doesn't matter how many people come to a conclusion of you that is definitively negative (including other Christians), you'll still think you're absolutely right and justified in your attacks.
1 Corinthians 2:14 (New International Version) "The man without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually discerned."   More meaningless words that allow the believer to feel 'special' . Too bad it means that 'spiritually discerned' means 'I swallow stupidity, and can justify it because they tell me I am special and can live forever.' This can also be translated as 'It's OK to be to be mentally deficient , as long as you give me 10% of your money'
Cry him a river.;)
<chuckle<  Speaking of giving money:  Conservatives and Christians Give More to Charities, ABC says   As Doug explores in his post below, people of faith give far more to charities than non-religious people, and conservatives give more to the poor than do liberals. That&#8217;s the finding of a study by author Arthur Brooks and the conclusion trumpeted by a John Stossel report on ABC this week.  The report says:   &#8220;The single biggest predictor of whether someone will be charitable is his or her religious participation. Religious people are more likely to give to charity, and when they give, they give more money: four times as much. And Arthur Brooks told me that giving goes beyond their own religious organization: "Actually, the truth is that they're giving to more than their churches," he says. "The religious Americans are more likely to give to every kind of cause and charity, including explicitly non-religious charities." Christian conviction and conservative ideology increases the likelihood that an individual will give to charities&#8212;and not just to their churches, but to a variety of religious and secular causes.  As Christians, we give out of obligation&#8212;Scripture tells us to help the poor&#8212;but even more out of gratitude to God for his goodness.   Liberals who see care for the poor as a government responsibility, give far less as individuals. At the same time, they describe conservatives as non-caring, and Christians as exclusionary and hypocritical. This could not be further from the truth, and these findings document it.   Stones Cry Out: Conservatives and Christians Give More to Charities, ABC says  I think liberals prefer to be generous with OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY. ROTFLOL!!!  Oh my god, meaningless changes of subject to avoid the situation. Gasp. How could that BE. If you can't address the point, change the subject and attack.  And, of course, it will have to be with a flake of a news reporter that doesn't give his sources. La da da. isn't that amazing.
It is still not germane to the discussion point at hand, but a primitive avoidance behaviour.
It is still not germane to the discussion point at hand, but a primitive avoidance behaviour.  I wonder how much of that is 'tithing' that goes to the local church to run it.  Just like a business.. and not really a charity
Richard and I plan to debate the virgin birth. We a looking for a judge and will be discussing the rules of the debate soon.
Dreamweaver, Richard and I are looking for a judge for this debate. Would you be willing to take it on?  We have crossed paths before but I don't think you would let that influence your judging. Also I think you believe in the virgin so that might be a problem but you can just say so if it is.
 Hank,  Be gentle with me!  LOL. You seem very intelligent to me and I have no doubt you will present your case well.  I have the following proposals.  1. Since I am opposed to one person having more post than the other, I propose that I take heads and Dreamweaver flips a coin. If it is heads, I get to choose whether I go first or second and if it is tails that Richard gets the same choice.  2. Since the person that post last has the opportunity to take advantage of a discourse, I propose that the last post be limited to rebuttal of the next to last post. In other words, no new issues may be raised in the last post.  3. Each post must be posted by Sunday night at 12 for the person&#8217;s time zone. My time zone is central. If either person is ready to post before that time then fine.  4. The first post be made by Sunday, February 22. Like I said, I need a little time to brush up on the subject if that&#8217;s all right. The next post in response would be made no later than the following Sunday night.  5. We agree to make seven post each unless we all three agree to change the number during the debate.  Dreamweaver I noticed you are having the same debate with Potter about what is considered evidence as you had with me. I have to say I am uncomfortable with your definition of evidence, especially in a debate of this nature. I am also uncomfortable with you believing in the virgin birth which is of course the position I will be opposing. However I have to assume that you will be fair in your judgements so I will take you at your word that neither of these will influence your judgement. I have seen you are opinionated but you appear to be fair in the debates I have seen you participate in.  Richard and Dreamweaver I will be having some surgery on March 25 and may request an extension of time for that week. I also am sometimes, but not often, called away on business. I may request an extension if that happens. I would think this would not be a problem as we are doing this for fun and entertainment.  Okay let me know what you guys thing.  Hank
I do not see any problem with the Jehova's or any other's idea of a scriptural account. Once the debate has begun, I will not make another post until the end.  One week sounds reasonable - you might want to post within a shorter gap later on, but that will be up to the person posting. You should both be able to post in your own time. A week is sufficient, I should think.  I recommend that no limit be placed on posts, but that it is recommended that posts stay generally smaller. It's far more challenging to be succint than to write gallons. One more tip: it's a good idea to, in your first posts, include definition so that terms might be clarified, and it avoids later, unecessary hassle.   If we just wait for Hank's clarification on those few points, then we can then begin!  I know this would be somewhat of a drain on your time but I think it would be helpful if you would make a short post at the end of each post stating how much time the next poster has, what post number this is, how many are left, any comments concerning going outside the rules, etc.
Okay believe it or not I am working on catching up on the subject. I will have an answer by Monday on whether I want to start first or end last. Richard if that is too late for you let me know what date you would like a decision on.  Hank
Richard I am having second thought about this debate because of your post on the C vs E section. I know we are doing this for fun but I was interested in a serious debate and am putting in quite a bit of time boning up on the subject. Maybe I am taking it too seriously but that&#8217;s just me. I don&#8217;t want to waste my time on something of this nature where I have made a commitment to post several threads if it is going to end up with you responding to the evidence I will provide like you are doing in the Noah&#8217;s ark thread. Which is basically to just ignore everything and say God did it. I&#8217;m not trying to be offensive, just have other things I need to do if this will degrade into that kind of debate.
Richard I have decided to go second. Therefore as we have agreed, your first post is due a week from today and my first post will be due a week later. So good luck. Well maybe not good luck but .......actually I hope you FALL FLAT ON YOUR.......uh......sorry got carried away. Good luck. :)
I know thousands have anxiously awaited the start of this debate but I would like to take one more moment before starting to thank my opponent Richard and especially Dreamweaver as judge for taking their time to participate. I know this can be time consuming and does take time away from other activities. I would also like to say that I do not mean to ridicule anyone's religion or beliefs but to simply discuss the different viewpoints of this important subject.  In addition I would like to point out the somewhat obvious. Many of the arguments I will use are not original thinking on my part. This has been debated since the subject first came into existence. Therefore many of my posts will be based on material that others have already discussed. I will not post references to that material as it is information that I don't even remember where I first heard it. So although it is not my intent to plagiarize someone else's thinking, I will often be doing just that.  Richard has produced a through and well thought out first post that covers a large scope of the subject. So large in fact that it will be impossible to adequately address all of his points in a single post. Therefore I will be using my next 7 posts to address his points, as well as bring in points of my own. For that reason, I will not reproduce his entire post with replies to each part at this time. For my first post I will address only his summary and the issues he has raised with regard to the theology he has presented from the Bible. I will add that I did not intend to raise the science issue but since he has introduced the subject, I will be using one of my later posts to address the scientific issues at length.   In summary:  1) 'Science of the day' is not the same as 'science of tomorrow' you need lots and lots of faith to believe that science won't one day prove a 'Virgin Birth' possible.   I do not see where you have presented an argument for the virgin birth in the science portion of your post. In fact you admit that science does not support the miracle of a virgin birth. Your hope is that science will someday prove the possibility of a virgin birth. Of course should science in the future show that a virgin birth is possible, that in no way gives credence to the belief that Jesus was born of a virgin birth, only that it would be scientifically possible. But as stated above, I will return to the subject of scientific evidence at a later time.  2) The Fact of the Virgin Birth is essential to the Christian faith, if it's removed then so is all hope of peace on earth through the sacrifice of God's son Jesus, and the whole of the 'New Testament' would implode.   Your second point basically argues from the perspective that it must be true because if not, your belief and the belief of many others would be wrong. Although I can sympathize with your dilemma, this is hardly a convincing argument. The truth of the virgin birth will, and should, stand on the facts, regardless of how many people would be disappointed if the truth goes against their beliefs.  But in any case, I would disagree that the dire results you predict would actually happen. The value of Jesus' existence is his life, death and resurrection, not whether he was born of a virgin or not. Although it is probably true that fundamentalist Christians would be devastated, there are millions of Christians today that are inspired and uplifted by the life and teachings of Jesus that do not believe in the virgin birth. I would compare this to the 17th century Christian theology that the earth was the center of the universe. Because there were verses from the Bible used to support the earth-centered universe, there were calamitous predictions of the fall of Christianity because the Bible would not be true if it turned out that the earth was not the center of the universe. Somehow the church has survived and prospered just fine even though there is overwhelming evidence that the earth is no longer the center of the universe.  Therefore I submit that neither of your points are valid in supporting the virgin birth.  With that said, I will present my first argument.  The Argument from a Theological Basis  This post will look at the theology that requires the virgin birth and point out why it is a misinterpretation of scripture. Although I will use the Bible as the reference, this does not mean I believe the Bible is the inerrant word of God, but simply the basis of the concept behind the theology.  For purposes of this debate, I will define 'virgin birth' as the birth of a child that was not conceived with human male sperm. I am open to another definition if my opponent prefers but this definition should suffice for starters.  Christianity uses ideas from the ancient Hebrew text as their justification for the necessity of the virgin birth. These ideas are woven into the general theology as follows:  1. Adam, the first man sinned by eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. 2. That act caused sin to enter the world for all mankind. 3. God required a blood sacrifice to appease his displeasure with this act. 4. The sacrifice must be from the best animals. 5. By default, every man was guilty of sin so the sacrifice was required for every person (meaning males at the time). 6. Sin is passed from generation to generation via the male. 7. The virgin birth was required so that sin would not be transmitted into the body that the person of Jesus would reside in.  But what does the first few chapters of Geneses actually say? If we look closely we will see that God only cursed Adam and Eve, not mankind.  Secondly God did not require, nor is there any record of Adam ever offering any sacrifices. There is the teaching that God first sacrificed an animal to provide clothing for Adam and Eve. But Geneses does not say that. It says "The Lord God made garments from skin". The footnote from my reference says, "The text gives no indication of how this was done, or how they came by the skins." In previous verses, the word 'made' is used several times as God had just completed making the universe. There is no reason to think God would have killed an animal he had just created in order to redeem Adam. In fact the opposite would be assumed which is that he would have just made them from scratch. God seemed to be satisfied with simply cursing the original couple.  Thirdly the concept that a blood sacrifice was required for sins was a later development, which had no relation to Adam since it started long after the death of Adam. The first offerings by Cain and Abel were simply offerings for favor with God and not for any sins. In fact there is no record that Abel even killed his offerings. Cain and Abel just had a meeting with God where they offered him these gifts.  Although blood sacrifices had become a standard part of the Jewish religion, by the time of Jesus, even the false idea that a blood sacrifices were required for remission of sins had been negated from Jewish scripture itself. From the Jewish scriptures in Micah 6  [6] Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old? [7] Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul? [8] He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?  So a few hundred years before Jesus we have the Bible stating that a blood sacrifice to appease God is not what he requires. From Micah, the requirement for sacrifices was negated according to Jewish scripture. And the verses are not vague as they clearly state that God is not in any way interested in either animal or human blood sacrifices, but in a mind-set of justice and mercy towards your fellow man and a love of God. And this was confirmed by Jesus in Mark 12:  [28] And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all? [29] And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord: [30] And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment. [31] And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. [32] And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth: for there is one God; and there is none other but he: [33] And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices.  Running out of time, money, and my wife's patience, I will conclude by addressing the fourth point Richard made and how it is at odds with the virgin birth. As Richard pointed out, an eye for an eye is an example of justice for the Jewish God. In other words whatever is wronged must be righted, but by exactly the same replacement or at least equal value. Jewish custom was to sacrifice an animal for their sins against God. This would arguably be the same since the original sin by Adam did not result in the death of a man, and animals are not considered as important as man. Therefore the requirement for a human sacrifice would not be required. But even assuming the necessary sacrifice was a human, the sacrifice should be a perfect man to replace the fall from a perfect state by Adam. The theology of the virgin birth is not for the sacrifice of a perfect man, but for God himself, or a son of God. And to sacrifice God, or his son, for a man is a gross inequity.   In summary, the Christian theology requiring the virgin birth is invalid based on:  1. Mankind was not cursed because of Adam. 2. There is no record of Adam sacrificing for his disobedience.  3. The practice of blood sacrifices was not the result of the Adam's sin. 4. Micah states that blood sacrifices are not required. 5. Jesus confirms that blood sacrifices are not required. 6. Assuming a sacrifice was necessary, the sacrifice of God, or his son, would be a gross inequity.  Therefore the theology requiring the virgin birth is a misinterpretation of Jewish scripture.
Richard I know this is a little late to be asking but my intent was to debate whether the virgin birth of Jesus happened or not. Was that your understanding?
Yes, am i missing something? You provided argument that you felt support your view, and I provided argument that I felt supported my veiw.  LOL, no I just noticed that that never was clearly spelled out. Just wanted to get that clarified.
In the nick of time. :)  I will respond to some of the comments Richard made on my first post then proceed to my next point.  it was not a presentation of a scientific argument,  We are in agreement. You did not present a scientific argument.  It is my aim to show the consequences on the scriptures if the virgin birth is removed.  Okay but that will not be evidence of the virgin birth.   In conclusion my original post is sound because; 1) It is illogical to enter science into this virgin birth debate.  I agree there is no scientific evidence for the virgin birth. I would not agree that it is illogical to use science as part of the debate.  2) I am not defending every wayward Christian teaching on earth, only the true Christian teaching of the first century.  I don&#8217;t see how this is evidence of the virgin birth of Jesus.  3) The fact of the virgin birth is a pillar in the first century Christian teachings; if it is removed then the whole Bible will experience a supernova type event.  I don&#8217;t agree with that statement but I will concede that result for the sake argument. As I said before, that in no way is evidence for the virgin birth. Proving that X must be true for Y to be true does not prove X. If you make a convincing argument that your car will not start without gas, that does not prove your car has gas. And your argument that if the virgin birth is removed then the Bible will experience a supernova type event, does not prove, or even supply evidence that the virgin birth happened. It just is an argument that the Bible will experience a supernova type event.  Therefore my original post on the virgin birth is sound.  It may be sound for what you are arguing, but you have not presented any evidence of a virgin birth of Jesus.  Yes, but let me define it further; Virgin Birth = this debate over whether Mary was and needed to be a Virgin when God fathered his own son within her womb. (Without sperm obviously)   Whether Mary needed to be a virgin is a separate issue than if she was a virgin.   Not true! The virgin birth was required so that Almighty God could have a hand in modifying and perfecting the genes of the ovum that would become the Christ. If God didn&#8217;t intervene than Mary first child would have been just as imperfect as any other child born during the rebellion. The child would legally be called his God&#8217;s son, anything Jehovah creates or fathers is always perfect!  Okay I&#8217;m in somewhat of a dilemma here. I just talked to the pastor of the First Baptist Church in the large neighboring town. He informed me that Baptist theology was that sin was passed through the male as I was taught. He has a PhD in theology so I assume he knows what he is talking about. I would also assume that is in general, a protestant belief. I am a lot less familiar with either Catholic or JW beliefs I assumed JW&#8217;s believed like Protestants on this issue which was obviously a bad assumption.  Now that being said, I&#8217;m not clear on what &#8220;so that Almighty God could have a hand in modifying and perfecting the genes of the ovum&#8221; means. You seem to be saying that you don&#8217;t believe God could have modified the genes of Mary&#8217;s ovum if there had been male sperm there. Could you clarify what you mean by that statement and why if God modified the genes of Mary&#8217;s ovum he couldn&#8217;t have modified those same genes after fertilization?   So having imperfect genes from Adam is &#8216;sin&#8217; in God&#8217;s eyes.  If you are saying that imperfect genes from Adam are &#8216;sin&#8217; in God&#8217;s eyes and God created those imperfect genes by cursing Adam, then God created sin. Also it&#8217;s not just from Adam but from both Adam and Eve.  Even so your theology is that children are condemned when they are born by something that is totally out of their control. No rational person considers punishing children for the sins of their parents as justice.   Not true! Abel offered a sacrifice, which incidentally must have been dead; otherwise it wouldn&#8217;t have been much of a sacrifice.  Nothing is stated about a sacrifice. Cain&#8217;s offering was not acceptable because it was not the best of his crops, not because it was not a blood offering. Grain offerings and sacrifices were perfectly acceptable as outlined in Leviticus 2.   It wouldn&#8217;t be much of an offering if it could run off at any point.  I had to chuckle at the image of Almighty God and Able running around chasing a lamb that had gotten away. Somehow I think a God that had just created the universe could have controlled a domesticated animal.  Nowhere in theses verses dose it say that the law is no longer required, it simply says he&#8217;s not pleased with it.  Micah makes a list of what God requires. Blood sacrifices are not included on that list. Therefore they are not required according to Micah.  Jesus was formed into a perfect man, giving him all the limitations of a man, no extra or no less. He wasn&#8217;t an angel or anything more powerful than a human, just a man. True, he was more powerful than Adam before he was formed into a man but when he took on the form of a man he became Adam&#8217;s equal.  If all that was needed was a perfect man, and Jesus was just a perfect man while here on earth, then there is no need for a virgin birth.  If Jesus was born of a virgin as the Son of God, then the sacrifice is all out of proportion to the deed.  Not true for an infinite number of reasons and I will now provide two counter arguments to show how the Virgin Birth is the foundation of the fulfilment of the Jewish law and religion.  That&#8217;s a lot of reasons. :)  What do the sacrifices foreshadow?  What do the Tabernacles and Temples foreshadow?  That was a pretty good argument for the theology of Jesus being the requirement for the salvation of mankind but not much about the virgin birth.  Therefore the virgin birth is the foundation of the entire salvation for mankind.  As stated before, the argument that the virgin birth is the foundation of the entire salvation for mankind is not an argument for the virgin birth. Your car may well not run without gas, but that doesn&#8217;t show you have gas.  Second post   For my second post I am going to discuss two pieces of evidence that are major stumbling blocks to the story of the virgin birth. Both are evidence that the virgin birth story was an &#8216;after the fact&#8217; addition to the life of Jesus and developed after the Christian religion broke away from all Jewish influence.  The pregnancy of Mary before marriage  The first piece of evidence is Luke 2:5 which states that the couple was not married when Jesus was born. Mary lived in a society that considered women property. Their primary function was to carry the seed of their husband. Paternity was extremely important to the Jews as is indicated by the oft-recorded genealogies in the Bible. Men required certainty that a woman was carrying their children. I once read that the parents owned the first-night bed material so they could prove their daughter was a virgin with the bloodstained sheets. The penalty for women having sex outside marriage was stoning. The simple fact is that if the story happened as the Luke says, the birth of Jesus would have been a scandal and Mary would have been lucky to escape with her life.   This is compelling evidence that the story was started at a later time after Mary was dead and all links with the Jewish religion were broken.   The evidence of when the virgin birth story was introduced.  Miraculous births are a common theme in the Bible. However the Jews were careful to note that their God was a special God in that although he might help the elderly or barren become pregnant, he did not commingle with the common folks. He may have walked with Adam and Eve in the garden and had meetings with Cain and Able but sex was out of the question. And by the time Moses came along, it was not even possible to look at him without dying. By the time of Jesus, God was the spiritual Father of the Jews and the physical element of the concept of God was pretty much discarded.  However the belief that God or the gods had affairs with humans was common with the gentiles during the time of Jesus. The Roman and Greek religions had multiple myths concerning this type of encounter between the gods and humans. In this sense the Jewish religion was a step ahead in the development of the relationship between God and man. Some of these myths and probably most of them began based on a real character, or composite of a group of characters in history. But the myth of a heavenly father of a man would develop long after that man had become famous. So before I start with the evidence, I want to touch on the logistics of the story.  Now as for the evidence, scholars for the most part agree on the relative dates of the first New Testament books as being in the following order:  Paul&#8217;s letters Mark Matthew Luke  Since the letters of Paul were the first writings we have about Jesus, it is important to know what those writings say about the birth of Jesus. The first mention of Jesus&#8217; birth occurs in Galatians 4:4  &#8220;But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,&#8221;  Paul states that Jesus was made of a woman and under the law. This statement was made between 49 and 55 C.E. Paul makes no mention of a virgin birth. If it had been raised, Paul would have certainly commented on the validity of the theology. Yet as a Jew he would certainly not consider Jesus as any part of the Pagan belief regarding God mingling with humans. That was a battle the Jews had been fighting for hundreds of years.  Around 56 to 58 C.E. Paul writes in Romans 1:3,4  &#8220;Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh; And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:&#8221;  And again in Acts 13:33  &#8220;God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also written in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee.&#8221;  So according to Paul, Jesus had a perfectly normal birth and was declared the Son of God when God raised him from the dead.  It is obvious that Paul never considered Jesus to be born of a virgin or he would have unequivocally incorporated it into his theology. Unfortunately Paul died (around 64 C.E.) either before this became an issue or anything written by him about the virgin birth has been lost.  What does the book of Mark (written about 65 to 70 C.E.) say about the virgin birth. Actually of course the book of Mark does not mention the virgin birth as anyone familiar with the Gospels knows. At the first of the book, Mark has Jesus being called the Son of God at his Baptism. Therefore the stories of the virgin birth had not yet begun to be circulated or Mark would have surely commented on them.  The first of only two mentions in the Bible of the virgin birth comes from Matthew around 80-90 C.E. after giving the genealogy of Joseph from Abraham. Matthew obviously had the writings of Mark as much material is quoted almost word for word. This writing was after the death of Paul.  The second mention is from Luke which also had the writings of Mark and probably Matthew and was also after the death of Paul. In Luke the story is expanded to show that John the Baptist is subservient to Jesus. That would indicate that there was some competition between the followers of John and the followers of Jesus.  The main point of this evidence is the timing of the virgin birth story. After the rebellion of the Jews and the destruction of the temple in 70 C.E., Christianity developed in the Gentile community. Before that time, much of Christianity was developing in the Jewish community. Christianity was considered a sect of the Jewish religion and was practiced by Jews who sometimes delivered their message in the synagogues. However no Jewish synagogue would have consented to any teachings that affirmed any kind of physical relationship between Jehovah and a woman. The very fact that Christians continued to preach in the synagogues is the strongest evidence possible that the virgin birth story was not taught at the time.  But once the cult broke away from Judaism, which was after the Jewish rebellion when they were being persecuted by the Roman government, Christianity was free to delve into pagan beliefs. This ran counter to any Jewish beliefs but was very instrumental in converting Gentiles to Christianity as they had long held these kinds of beliefs and were very familiar and comfortable with them.  I will add this one thing. James and Jude, who were brothers of Jesus, never said a word about it in the writings attributed to them and Jesus never said a word about it. Common sense would dictate that Jesus&#8217; family would have known about it if anyone did and would have said something about it.  Therefore it is obvious to any critical reading of the Bible that the virgin birth story was an &#8216;after the fact&#8217; addition to the life of Jesus that developed after the Christian religion broke away from all Jewish influence.
Hank, I was thinking about this today, how else could we decide if the V,birth happened except from the Bible? If this question sounds more like part of our debate, just ignore it and i'll wait for your next post. I was just perplexed.  Richard I plan on one of my post not being from the Bible and probably two.
Hank, I would again like to thank you for this debate, it is a good way to explore personal belief and to find reasons why others don&#8217;t believe the same things you do. [/quote]  Well it has been my pleasure Richard. I have enjoyed the challenge.  I had to work this weekend and am not happy with this post. I don&#8217;t feel I put enough time into the research but don&#8217;t want to delay it.  I disagree, If we have don&#8217;t have Mary&#8217;s exhumed body to examine for evidence of a virgin birth and we also don&#8217;t have any video surveillance of the conception of Jesus, all that leaves is witness statements and reports and we have an abundance of those. The Bible is the witness statement made by various different people over a long period of time all pointing to or mentioning directly the account of the virgin birth.   I agree there is very little that could even be considered evidence of a virgin birth. However I was referring to the fact that proving the consequences on the scripture if the virgin birth is removed, does not prove that it happened.  For example when the Police arrive at the scene of a crime, first they may try to ascertain the circumstances that they are dealing with, i,e a domestic argument, a street brawl, a gangland battle, a drive by shooting, etc. they take a look around to try to find any evidence they can, on finding some evidence they inform the other officers and the evidence is examined and catalogued, the whole thing is now recorded at the station in report books. On finding some more evidence the police now return to the scene to examine and catalogue, when this is done they return to the police station to add this to their reports. Next a possible suspect becomes apparent, and after further investigation they decide to visit this suspect, they carry out some informal questioning on the suspect and return to add this to their report. It&#8217;s now decided that this is the guy their looking for so they return to the suspects&#8217; home to make an arrest and are successful. With the suspect in the police cells they now add this to their report. On questioning the suspect on-tape they realise that this was the guy who had the main role in the crime, so once again they add this to their reports of the investigation so far. Further more intense questioning brings the suspect to confess his crimes which was all on tape, so they now add this to their reports and the case goes to court and the officers are called upon to present their reports of the investigation to the judge which are overwhelming and he&#8217;s busted! (Sorry no punch line)   The Bible is just like the reports made by the police, it is a fundamental piece of evidence in ascertaining exactly what happened and where, so all parts need to be tested and examined to see if they hold any kind of persuasive argument of the event in question. As Jesus was the only one to fulfil the law this surly would lead us to the conclusion that God, according to the Bible, perfected a human ovum in the womb of Mary without the need of male sperm. I will expand on this at the end.   The scenario you have provided is not an analogy of the evidence we have for the virgin birth using the Bible. There are two people who say it happened. We don&#8217;t know who those people are. We don&#8217;t know how they learned of this news. They tell their story at least 50 years after the event was supposed to have happened. There is no physical evidence. The only explanation is to say &#8216;god did it&#8217;. And the people that are saying it happened are obviously biased. If you want to compare it to a legal case today, it would never even get to trial.  However you keep making arguments about how it does damage to the Bible if not true. So what if it does. That doesn&#8217;t prove it happened. The two are not linked. If you are trying to say that it must be true if the Bible says it&#8217;s true because the Bible is the word of God, then you haven&#8217;t given proved that the Bible is the word of God which is a whole different debate.  Because most other Christian teachings cause chaos in the scriptures, whereas if you leave the Bible alone it will tell you an interesting and logical story about the relationship between God and mankind.  So it tells an interesting story, although I don&#8217;t know how a supernatural birth is logical. But Cinderella and lots of other stories are interesting. And some of them are logical. And again I&#8217;ll say, because you believe that it causes chaos in the scriptures does not prove it happened. It just causes chaos in the scriptures.   It will also show how removing parts of that story cause irregularities and illogic.  I will agree that the Bible has irregularities and is often illogical without you even making the case.   The way in which you read and interpret the report will expose if the account in question is a logical part of that report, if you have only a few direct witness statements concerning an event but the rest of the situation disagrees with what they say, then you could safely discard their statements as rubbish. However, if the reverse is the case and every part of that situation is in agreement then it would be foolish to discard them.   No one who was or could have been a direct witness to the event you are claiming happened has said a word about the event happening. What is foolish is to depend on the statements of someone you didn&#8217;t know, someone that was obviously biased, someone that didn&#8217;t say how they found out, and someone that said it 50 years later. In legal terms it&#8217;s called hearsay and is inadmissible in a court.   Wouldn&#8217;t the existence of a car logically prove that someone had already discovered gasoline?   Yes because one of linked to the other. But it wouldn&#8217;t prove or even be evidence that there was gas in the car.  That&#8217;s illogical! If a man is shot in the chest at point blank range but suffers only severe bruising and then claims it was because he was wearing a bullet-proof vest, how odd it would be if someone then claims he wasn&#8217;t wearing a bullet-proof vest. The evidence would lead everyone to conclude he was telling the truth and was wearing a vest otherwise he would have a rather large hole straight through his chest.  I had to chuckle again at your choice of analogies. You pick a story that is obviously true and then say in effect &#8216;see my story must be true&#8217;. Problem is the analogy does not apply to the original statement. You have introduced direct evidence in your analogy. There is no severe bruising evidence. If there was, it would be a slam-dunk case and we wouldn&#8217;t be having this debate. You only have a couple of unknowns saying 50 years later that something happened that they didn&#8217;t see.  If you want to make an analogy to the original statement with a man and a bullet-proof vest it would be: I have proved that a man needed to wear a bullet-proof vest. Therefore I have proved he was wearing a bullet-proof vest. Which if of course not proof at all.  Well Hank, if I had a PhD in Humour would that mean that I was always funny? I would like to know what leads the pastor to this conclusion.   Although I am debating you personally, I am also debating the virgin birth in general. I used the pastor as an example of an expert on protestant religion. I realize the Catholics believe in the Immaculate Conception and now I realize you believe something in between I think. My dilemma was how to address three theologies instead of just two.  Almighty God needed someone that knew the situation well and who better than the very person that was used to create humans, Jesus knew exactly what Adam had done, he knew exactly how humans were made and how they would react to certain situations. He was the ideal candidate to be placed on an even par with Adam to present himself as a perfect human sacrifice. See end.   Well that&#8217;s all interesting but I was hoping you would address my question. I wasn&#8217;t asking what Almighty God needed (seems an oxymoron), but why if God was going to modify the genes of Mary&#8217;s ovum he didn&#8217;t just do it after the ovum was fertilized?   No! God can&#8217;t create sin, Adam (and Eve) knew exactly what Jehovah had said to him regarding any potential disobedience, so because God carries out his justice it doesn&#8217;t make him responsible for the dire consequences that followed. Adam had free will.  You stated in your previous post:  &#8220;So in keeping with his law and justice God did not destroy Adam and Eve on the spot, which he could have done quite legally, instead it seems that somehow the genes of Adam and Eve were affected so they could bring forth children but not die immediately. We being their offspring have also inherited these affected genes, hence imperfection.&#8221;  Since according to you God &#8220;affected&#8221; the genes of Adam and Eve, then God caused this imperfection which you say is sin. So although God may not have been &#8216;responsible&#8217; for the disobedience, he created the defective genes by &#8220;affecting&#8221; them.  In the case of Adam and Eve, perfect humans who had willfully rebelled, they deserved no mercy. Hence, Jehovah sentenced them to death. But his mercy came into play toward their offspring. Jehovah deferred the execution of the death sentence, thus allowing Adam and Eve to have children. He lovingly provided their descendants with hope of deliverance from sin and death.&#8212;Genesis 3:15; Romans 8:20, 21.  Think about it Hank if God had of justly destroyed Adam and Eve in the beginning then he wouldn&#8217;t have just genetically affected their children, we wouldn&#8217;t have existed!!! He knew about you and I and decided that things outside of our control could not be a reason for us to have no chance of life, so even though we are born in a defected state we still get a good chance of life.   I disagree that Adam and Eve deserved no mercy but that&#8217;s a different issue. I also disagree that Almighty God could not have continued life even if Adam and Eve were destroyed. But you have not addressed that fact that according to your theology, God has punished children for something that they did not do and is totally out of their control.  You also did not address the fact that grain sacrifices were perfectly acceptable. In other words a blood sacrifice was not required, just a sacrifice.  Not only that Hank most the issues of justice were settled before you and I were even born isn&#8217;t that loving to the highest order.   Love of the highest order is my theology that God is made us all to be with him in the future and mankind is perfecting itself because God set it up that way from the beginning. :)  Not true, there are many things that Micah doesn&#8217;t mention but it doesn&#8217;t mean they&#8217;re no longer required. I don&#8217;t tell my wife I love her everyday but it doesn&#8217;t mean that I don&#8217;t (but try telling her that ).   If you told your future wife you had meet the requirements for yours and her marriage, then at the ceremony you did not have a marriage license, she would not accept that when you said you meet the requirements you weren&#8217;t talking about the marriage license.  When you buy a car and the financial officer gives you a list of requirements for the loan, you don&#8217;t accept it if he comes back later and says &#8216;Oh there&#8217;s other requirements you have to meet. I just didn&#8217;t mention them&#8217;.  When you buy a house and the mortgage company gives you a list of requirements for buying the house, you would not be happy if after you moved in the mortgage company said you owed more money that they just didn&#8217;t mention.  A list of requirements is everything that is required. Hence the name, list of requirements.  The virgin birth was needed so that God could implant the life patterns of his first-born son into the unfertilised ovum of Mary. See end.   What are &#8216;life patterns&#8217;?  Adam was in a direct relationship with Jehovah before he sinned, exactly the same as Jesus was in his pre-human existence. It wasn&#8217;t lack of knowledge that cause Adam to sin, it was selfish use of his own freewill.   You are equating Adam with Jesus. If you are going to say that Jesus is the Son of God, then they are not equal. And it doesn&#8217;t matter why Adam sinned.  Ah well, if we look back through the history of faithful Biblical characters we will see that no one had the potential to fulfil the law, why? Because they weren&#8217;t genetically perfected at conception by God. Which is extremely strong evidence that there was something special about Jesus, it all points to the fact that Jesus had a very important conception, according to the Bible.  Because the Bible says that Jesus was born of a virgin doesn&#8217;t mean Jesus was born of a virgin. You have presented no evidence that the Bible is infallible. And it makes no claim to Jesus being genetically perfect. You have brought that into the debate lately.  This verse talks of the registration requirements of Augustus over all the people, which had to be carried out in their towns or places of birth. It doesn&#8217;t say that they weren&#8217;t married only that they had to register themselves individually in their hometowns. It was a census of the people not a full-scale marriage.  [4] And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:) [5] To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child. [6] And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.  If that&#8217;s not saying Mary was Joseph&#8217;s espoused wife then I don&#8217;t know how it can be made any clearer.  They were married before this registration because they had carried out the customary wedding ceremony;  Yes a contradiction. Something I am addressing in this post.   Exactly! Wouldn&#8217;t this fact then prove that Joseph would have taken his beloved fiancée as wife so she would not be ashamed among the people? They couldn&#8217;t have stoned Mary without the consent of Joseph, he owned her as you say.   Mary was found to be pregnant before she was married to Joseph. Therefore she would have been the responsibility of her father who didn&#8217;t know anything about the virgin birth. Besides there&#8217;s the story in the Bible about the woman caught in adultery and brought to Jesus. There is nothing about them consulting with her husband. When someone is accused of stealing, they don&#8217;t check with their husband to see if he want&#8217;s her prosecuted. It&#8217;s a crime against the state.  Mary didn&#8217;t have sex outside of marriage, God implanted life inside her womb, and with the backing of Joseph over this account people would have more than likely just laughed and concluded that her and Joseph became impatient during their engagement, because Joseph made no charge against his wife and they proceeded to be married.   Whether God implanted life inside her womb or not is what we are debating. Making an assertion is not evidence.  Sex before marriage was no laughing matter during the time of Mary. But if that was the case, Jesus would have been considered a bastard. Latter in the gospels Jesus is sometimes referred to as Rabbi. No bastard child could be a Rabbi.  How? The only one who could bring a charge against Mary for not being pure was Joseph, and he knew the score.   Because the Jews had fought the battle of God interacting with humans and they would never have accepted a God-human offspring as part of their religion. If the story is like told in the Bible, then it would have been obvious that Mary was pregnant when they were married. Therefore it had to be after the break from the Jewish religion.  Walk/Walking is used in the Bible very figuratively, God was never literally present in the Garden of Eden. Notice also it says that it was his voice that was walking in the garden.  There never was a physical concept, the Bible is written to a physical creation so it&#8217;s often very symbolic of God. Especially at the start when directed to nomadic tribesmen.   What are you talking about. It tells of God having an everyday conversations with Adam, Eve, the snake, Cain and Able. They talk just like I talk to my wife every day.  This is where the reasoning on your evidence is seriously flawed; you have stated that these books of the Bible were written in that order, yet you have not shown any evidence to back that statement up. I will now provide some evidence of why I believe Matthew was the earliest book written concerning the conception, birth and life of Jesus and also give my thoughts on Paul&#8217;s earliest writings and the other Gospels.  I said most New Testament scholars place the books I listed in that order. I can&#8217;t account for every person in the world that has an idea about the dates. I was in the bookstore a few days ago and looked in the rather large bible section to check out your assertion. I picked up all five of the Bible commentaries there were in that book store and every one of them had the books listed in that order. I also checked some online sources and every one I looked at gave the same listing. Your argument about that is with the experts on that issue. I freely admit that I am not an expert in that field and won&#8217;t argue with those that are.  Matthew predates the other gospels and Paul&#8217;s writings;   I didn&#8217;t re-quote your comments about Matthew and Luke being written before Mark in the interest of space. However it is obvious that the writer of Matthew had Mark available or the writer of Mark had Matthew available or they had some original material that has now been lost available since almost all of Mark is in Matthew.   The gospels were placed in the order they were thought to be written in from the very beginning. So the only question that modern scholarship has shown is that Mark was written before Matthew.   So Jesus was God and Mary&#8217;s son, and as God is a spirit this would mean that it was a sperm free conception.   This would have been the perfect time for Paul to state that Jesus was born of a virgin. Instead he states that Jesus was born under the law. That doesn&#8217;t indicate a virgin birth which would have been very unusual, not a normal &#8216;under the law&#8217; birth.  Would the driver of a car constantly remind the passengers that he has a steering wheel? They would have all been in full knowledge of the how and why Jesus was conceived.   *chuckle* Another analogy. Everyone can look and see that a car has a steering wheel. No one can look and see that Jesus was born of a virgin.   Yes Jesus was made &#8220;according to the flesh&#8221; and no doubt he resembled his mother, but this does not show that he had a human father. Mary was of the tribe of Judah and a descendant of David. Hence it could be said of her son Jesus that he &#8220;sprang from the seed of David according to the flesh.&#8221;   Another perfect time for Paul to state that Jesus was born of a virgin. Instead he states that Jesus was born according to the flesh of the seed of David. And we don&#8217;t know whether the genealogy of Mary came through David or not. There is no record of that. Of course it is obvious that Jesus was born of Mary. That can&#8217;t be faked. So Paul had no reason to say that for Mary&#8217;s sake. He could only be stating that Jesus had a normal birth.  But how was Jesus declared the Son of God? According to Paul, by his resurrection from the dead, not by a virgin birth.   I&#8217;ve read this millions of times but I don&#8217;t see your point.  I&#8217;m not sure of the point you are trying to make, how does this affect his conception?   Paul says Jesus was begotten of God on the day he raised him from the dead. And that theology is stated several times by Paul. If Jesus was begotten by God on the day he raised him from the dead, he was not begotten by God at any earlier time.  Why? Silence on the subject is a very weak argument, if you buy a car from a salesperson you will notice that after he/she runs through the extremely long list of goodies that the car has he will rarely feel the need to point out that it also comes with an adequate steering wheel, fitted as standard. Why does he fail to mention it? Because he knows that you know that the car is unusable without one.   Another analogy! And I really like this on because it will make my point. How many times (assume this has happened to you just for grins :) ), do you think you would buy a viper automobile and the salesperson would not mention that it has an engine that makes it the fastest car in the US? All four gospels, Paul, Peter, James and others talk in length about the teachings of Jesus. All four gospels, Paul, Peter, James and others talk in length about the crucifixion of Jesus. All four gospels, Paul, Peter, James and others at least mention the resurrection of Jesus. These are the crux of the theology of Christianity. You say that without the virgin birth, Christianity will have an implosion, and two of the Gospels and the founder of Christianity don&#8217;t even mention the event but they mention all the other parts of the life of Jesus several times.  Not a lot of people question the life or crucifixion of Jesus. And at least there are reported to be several people that witnessed the resurrected Jesus. But the most difficult part of Christianity to believe is the virgin birth. And you want to say that because today we know that two people wrote down that Jesus was born of a virgin, and the wrote it at least 50 years after his birth, that the reason no one else said a word about it was because it was well known? Silence on the subject screams out that it was not even considered at the time of the writings of the New Testament.  Wouldn&#8217;t the phrase &#8220;Son of God&#8221; mean that he was God&#8217;s son not Josephs?  Wouldn&#8217;t the phrase &#8220;son of man&#8221; that Jesus used all the time mean he was the son of a man, not God&#8217;s? It&#8217;s not clear what Paul meant by the term the &#8216;Son of God&#8217;. But it is clear that Paul considered that the was applied because of his resurrection, not because of his birth.  Chief priest Annas questioned Jesus about his disciples and about his teaching. However, Jesus says in reply: &#8220;I have spoken to the world publicly. I always taught in a synagogue and in the temple, where all the Jews come together; and I spoke nothing in secret. Why do you question me? Question those who have heard what I spoke to them. See! These know what I said.&#8221; At this, one of the officers standing near Jesus slaps him in the face, saying: &#8220;Is that the way you answer the chief priest?&#8221;(LOL. Jesus was the chief priest) &#8220;If I spoke wrongly,&#8221; Jesus replies, &#8220;bear witness concerning the wrong; but if rightly, why do you hit me?&#8221; After this exchange, Annas sends Jesus away bound to Caiaphas. The point is Hank if Jesus was hit and arrested for his teaching then your whole argument holds no water because even after these extreme circumstances the Christian disciples were still allowed to teach and preach in the synagogues.   Any Jew could teach in the synagogue. That wasn&#8217;t unusual. What would not have been permitted was to teach that someone was the physical Son of God. They would have been thrown out.  Both Mark and Luke state that Jesus either said or implied that he was the Son of God to the high priest which is the cause of them wanting him killed. If they had Jesus killed for saying that, there is no way they would have permitted his followers to teach that later.   I agree with you 100% that the Christian organization became filled with pagan teachings after moving into gentile nations, but this is not so with the Virgin Birth account, it fits to well with the rest of the scriptures, unlike others that I need not mention.   It&#8217;s mentioned in two places in the entire Bible. If it were left out, the theology of Christianity would be exactly the same.  Not directly no but again like the rest of the scriptures their writings fit like a glove with the account of the Virgin Birth, which is further evidence that it is a well know and factual account. At James 1:1 and Jude 1 both brothers humbly avoided identifying themselves as full fleshly brothers of the Lord Jesus Christ.  They are identified as the brothers of Jesus in other parts of the Bible. What&#8217;s the problem with them being the brother of Jesus? This sounds like it was truly one of those things that was common knowledge and therefore no need in pointing it out. It was not a supernatural event that was part of Christian theology.  Jesus&#8217; Pre-human existence requires the Virgin Birth.  None of the verses you quoted say anything about a virgin birth.  The use of Jesus for paying the ransom is evidence for the Virgin Birth   None of the verses you quoted say anything about a virgin birth.   &#8217;Seventy week&#8217; prophecy in Daniel  None of the verses you quoted say anything about a virgin birth. You just make a statement that the virgin birth is required because Jesus is a perfect human. You have stated that God changed the genetics of Mary&#8217;s ovum to make Jesus perfect genetically which is what you call sin. If that was the case, God could have done the same thing after the ovum was fertilized.  And I have shown verses that show Paul&#8217;s theology was that Jesus became the Son of God at the time and because of his resurrection. Either way it doesn&#8217;t match or require a virgin birth.  Therefore the Virgin birth account is a vital part of the scriptures, although this can never prove that it actually happened, it gives it a lot more credibility if it fits in with the report that has been written over 1500 years with fantastic harmony and purpose. The Virgin Birth account fits in every corner of the Bible there is not a single verse that conflicts with the account, infact the account is echoed or pointed to in all the scriptures, as I&#8217;ve said before it&#8217;s the foundation of the salvation for mankind making it, in a biblical sense, fact.  You have tried to argue that Jesus being perfect genetically is required for the sacrifice for the sins of Adam. Even if that were true, which I have shown isn&#8217;t required, that doesn&#8217;t mean a virgin birth is necessary as God could have just as easily purified the ovum of Mary after fertilization as before.  Comparison of Matthew and Luke  For my third post I want to discuss the conflicts in the stories of Matthew and Luke.  Matthew starts with the genealogy of Joseph. It is obviously the genealogy of Joseph because it ends with &#8220;and Jacob begat Joseph&#8221;. It traces the line back to Abraham and is concerned with the number fourteen, although it gets the numbers wrong. Luke gives the genealogy of Joseph after the baptism of Jesus. It is obviously the genealogy of Joseph also as it begins with &#8220;Joseph, which was the son of Heli&#8221;. So although the both got the required genealogy going through David, we don&#8217;t even know if the father of Joseph was Jacob or Heli. The names of the ancestors don&#8217;t match, the numbers of generations don&#8217;t match, and the length of each generation is grossly off.  In Matthew Joseph is told that Mary was having a child via the Holy Spirit in a dream. It then states that Joseph brought Mary home to be his wife. It doesn&#8217;t say when that happened but it seems to be before Jesus was born. It also appears that Mary was &#8216;showing&#8217; her pregnant state by which Joseph found out she was pregnant since he was thinking about putting her away before he had his dream. In Luke, the story is much more elaborate and Mary is the focus of the story with Joseph not even mentioned later. Mary apparently doesn&#8217;t tell her espoused husband of this event but heads to her cousin&#8217;s house to tell her. Presumably an unmarried pregnant teenager traveling on a 75 mile trip for a three month stay is acceptable to her parents but it strains the imagination to think so during this time in history. I guess Mary doesn&#8217;t consider a little deception concerning her condition a problem if the Holy Spirit is involved so she doesn&#8217;t tell Joseph since he found out later because he observed it. But she returns after three months which is presumably when Joseph sees her in this condition and has his dream. Since this culture is totally controlled by males and Mary is portrayed as having this wealth of freedom, all of this is obviously an addition by someone in the church to propagate the idea of a Mary that conforms to the church&#8217;s mindset. At least the story from Matthew&#8217;s perspective agrees with the culture of the time.   From the perspective of Matthew, Mary and Joseph live in Bethlehem where Jesus is born. Although Jesus is said to live in Nazareth in all other parts of the Bible and his birth in Bethlehem is not an issue, it was necessary for Jesus to be born in Bethlehem, the City of David, in order to fulfil the messiah prophecy. Matthew accomplishes this by the obvious solution of just living there. To get Jesus to Nazareth, Matthew has a story about King Herod looking for Jesus so they must flee immediately into Egypt. Later when the coast is clear, they are in the process of returning to their home in Judea (presumably Bethlehem where they came from) when another warning that oops, it&#8217;s not safe after all. Therefore they travel to Nazareth where Jesus is raised. However in Luke, the method to get Jesus&#8217; birth in Bethlehem is a census where Joseph must travel to Bethlehem to be taxed. He then makes this 75 mile trip with a pregnant Mary who is now still his fiancée, as opposed to Matthew where they got married before. There seems to be no danger as Herod is unaware or unconcerned of the birth so they hang around Bethlehem for a while and visit Jerusalem while they&#8217;re in the area. After the Jerusalem visit the return home to Nazareth without the Egyptian side trip.  In Matthew they are visited by some wise men (astrologers) who are following a star and in Luke the visit is by shepherds who had been told by a group of angels. How they actually found Joseph and Mary in the town is not clear but somehow they found them and knew that was the right couple.  In Matthew the astrologers had told Herod that the star first appeared two years before. It&#8217;s ludicrous to think Joseph and Mary would have been hanging around in Bethlehem for two years if they had just went there to be taxed.  Since Luke and Matthew have many almost identical stories, it is obvious that either Luke had Matthew to copy from or they copied from the same source. That makes it also obvious that the birth narratives were not available to both since there would have been at least an attempt to reconcile these major differences.  These contradictions show that the two stories must have been inserted into the gospels at a latter time and without the knowledge of each other.
From the imaginations of a frghtened man.  Go atheism! :)
Just that, to quote LaVey "Man created God in his own image". That God was created to explain the unexplainable in the distant past, to offer comfort fo those scared of death, and to try and bring meaning into life.  Sorry, but that's just the way I see it.
What's wrong with God being the explanation for the unexplanable, comfort for those affraid of death, and the meaning for life? Well nothing, other than the fact that I don't believe it to be true!  God is often the answer for the things we can't explain. Since we are not gods, we cannot know everything. Alot, yes. Everything, no. But I think that Gods originally came about to explain why a large yellow thing goes up and down everyday. To a caveman the most logical explanation is there is a God. Now we know better. Just because there are still things we can't explain does not mean they must be from God.   Man can not take the credit for creating God. I don't see why not, it appears the most logical explanation to me.   God is the reason there is life. Without God, there is no meaning. How sad it is to me to think that everything in the universe just happened- no rhyme or reason, it just appeard one day, for no reason, and will go away one day, no reason. And everything inbetween just happened, for no reason. You are right, it's not a nice thought. But then again little in life is. Why should this be any different?
As I have already mentioned, "where does God come from?" is a nonsensical question. A being that is ontologically contingent on nothing cannot be caused into existence, and it cannot not exist - it has Necessary Existence. It is, after all, the Supreme Being. It would be a category error to presuppose that God or the Universe was caused or uncaused. At least, in the classical sense. It should also be noted that any reference to God with the masculine pronoun, "He" does not imply that God is a male - but rather, it is metaphorical, and used among theists for multiple reasons. yes, but this is assuming that God does exist. If God exists, then of course he exists necessarily. but if God is merely a grand and ambitious collective figment of the imagination, the God doesnt exist in reality, but only in the imagination of some. it is not impossible to think that God is only a concept, since by definition, the nature of God at some point changed from "all powerful supreme being" to "greatest possible being". even other aspects of the nature of God is being "modified" constantly, such as whether or not He knows the future, whether or not he favors "good deeds" as opposed to faith in Jesus specifically, and so on. If you look at the history of God and the phenomenon he has been credited for (from sunrise, lightning, volcanic eruptions, etc) to today, God's attributes have been continuously adjusted. in the light of this can we really say that God is constant and always the same? or is the "grandeur" of God only reactive to how far mankind has socially and technologically changed?
Simple logic says that for creation to exist something must be self existent. Many will argue that is the universe. The problem is that the universe exists within a framework called space-time. Therefore, it could not be self existent. God is the self existent one. For man to have created God in his image is ludricous because the true image of God is not at all the image of man. Man is by nature, bent, dented, distorted. Man by his own nature will lie, cheat, steal, murder, and self protect. God is the opposite. This is demonstrated in the person of Jesus. Jesus went before the authorities, wrongfully accused, and did nothing to defend himself. He placed himself into the hands of the Father. He died, wrongfully accused and took on the sins of the world, was condemned and rose again, defeating death. I dont think that just because the universe exists within space-time that is a good reason why it cannot be self existent. there are many theories about the universe as infinite and timeless. in fact, some theories profer that the universe is only one of an infinite number of universes (unobservable, of course) that are constantly being birthed, aged and dying in an unending, eternal supercosmic cycle of spontaneous generation. by the very nature of an infinite universe, I dont think we are any closer to proving that as true as we are to proving God exists.  While this may seem like a fairy tale to the atheist, the atheist has no better explanation. God certainly, is not created in the image of man. At least not the christian god. If one looks at the "other gods" over time, you will see the image of man. This is particulary true of the greek and Roman gods. They showed petty jealousies, strife, disunity, cheting, deceptions, etc. Almost any other god in history is similar. Additionally, The christian God is the only one who says that you and I have no ability to deal with what separates man from God. God is the only one who has that ability and does it for us. He not only forgives us but himself pays the price. It is as if I come to your house and break your lamp. The lamp is broken. It was an expensive one of a kind lamp that is irreplaceable. I do not have the money to pay you for it. You choose to say I forgive you and we remain friends. That is good, but there is more. The lamp is broken and the price for replacement must still be paid. You choose to find the identical lamp and purchase it at an exhorbitant price. That is the kind of love that God demonstrates. it is not so much that God is like a man, but that the idea of God is as being perfect, yet humanly attainable. which is why God proponents can attempt to relate to God. if God was this infinitely gigantic superpervading force that is so remote from humankind that all relation is impossible, then what use would such a God be to individual affairs? therefore God needs to be relative to humanity to the extend that some relation to God is possible  It is so far from mankind that it is ridiculous. Another example. You have a close friend and someone comes up and attacks your friend. You might, because you are close, jump into the fray to help your friend, risking your life. You might even do that for a stranger. We see on the news all the time, people jumping into raging floods to help someone or some such.   However, Jesus chose to die for us, to give his life, while we were enemies. He asked of His Father to "Forgive them for they know not what they do." He asked this at the moment he was being crucified. I doubt you or I would likely risk our life for an enemy. This is why I say that God is not created in the image of man. At least not the christian God.  youre no doubt going to get people who question to existence of Jesus as well, since you cannot use Jesus to prove that God exists, and vice versa
What an odd first sentence! I'm always surprised when people propose such a statement. Of course. ;) And, I provided a reasonable, logical argument for why God not only exists, but that He should exist necessarily.  you cannot assume God exists in order to demonstrate that God exists. If God does indeed exist, then yes, he exists necessarily. but if God is only an imaginary being, then he does not exist in reality (like I said before)  Changed? I should think those two to be equivalent. Do you have a good reason for why they shouldn't at least by synonymous? Furthermore, because people might change what they mean by God, this by no means goes to say that God Himself changes. A being that exists necessarily cannot be contingent or bound by time, so I don't see why He shouldn't transcend time. Im sure you remember the ontological argument and its premises. can God create a round square? with 3 sides of unequal length? in one dimension? or better yet, can God exist and not exist at the same time? can a being of infinite power do what is logically impossible? if God is all powerful, should be able to, shouldnt he? if not, then God is only powerful to the most possible extent. which means that he cannot do what is logically impossible (understandable). thats the difference between a "infinitely powerful supreme being" and a "greatest possible being"
it wasnt a criticism. you asked what was the difference between the 2 definitions, so I explained. there is a logical difference between "greatest possible being" and "infinitely all-powerful being", and I think you acknowledged the difference, even though you didnt state it.  As I have already mentioned, "where does God come from?" is a nonsensical question. A being that is ontologically contingent on nothing cannot be caused into existence, and it cannot not exist - it has Necessary Existence. It is, after all, the Supreme Being. It would be a category error to presuppose that God or the Universe was caused or uncaused. At least, in the classical sense.   you started off by stating that God cannot be caused, and cannot not exist. this is a presupposition you cannot just make. for all we know, God could simply be a concept based entirely in the imagination. this concept will still present God as being all-powerful, benevolent, and what have you, but it does not necessarily make God a reality. therefore it is possible that people simply imagined God into existence, and that God never existed in reality in the first place
Those were not the two definitions that you originally stated. You stated that it evolved from "all-powerful supreme being" to "greatest possible being". Do you not agree that these two are synonymous?  the reason why they are not synonymous is because an "all-powerful supreme being" can literally do the imposible, while the "greatest possible being" cannot  Of course, I am saying that If He were to exist, then He would have to existence necessarily. That truth is analytic - it follows from the definition of God - Supreme Being. On a last note, you cannot define or "imagine" anything into existence. One can imagine a being existing in their dreams, but it does not follow that this being exists in actuality. For the MOA, check everything after the last quote of this post. Tell me if you find any fallacies, or whether you reject any of the axioms. If you do neither, then you must accept the fate of the conclusion. Of course, this is assuming that you accept logic. ;) I looked at the MOA. the logic is sound, as far as I see. the problem I have is with the premises.   first of all, remember when the same logic was applied with the premise 2. as <<~G (it is possible for God not to exist), instead of <<G (~[]~G) the conclusion was that God doesnt exist. if it is possible for God to exist, then we conclude that God exists. if it is possible for God to not exist, then we conclude that God does not exist.  secondly, the definition "the greatest possible being" limits God from doing what is impossible, at least in the logical sense. but what about the physical sense? is it possible for God to turn a stick of chalk into a mercedes benz car (with leather interior, preferably). if this is not possible, then God cannot do it. we end up with a God thats really not that awesome...
However, what is missed is that we now have a problem that did not exist in the original. Through disjunctive syllogism in inference (8), (9) becomes []~G. Now, however, we have violated the law of noncontradiction, which applies in S5. We have stated that God (the greatest possible being) cannot possibly exist, which is absurd. Ive printed out and read the entire article from the tishammerw web site. Im aware of the counterarguments. the thing is, if you declare that it is not possible for God not to exist, then thats like stating he exists before you even started the proof. Im not satisfied with that counterargument.  That matter is really quite trivial. I'm defining omnipotence as it is commonly used by philosophers these days - a being that can do anything that is possible. Poweful to the greatest possible extent. Obviously, God cannot do what He cannot do. That would be a contradiction. this matter is not trivial at all. if it impossible for God to create a mercedes benz from a stick of chalk, then why would it be possible for him to create a person out of clay, or a universe out of nothing. even if God did exist, and he couldnt create the universe and minkind, or be invisible and omnipresent, simply because those things are impossible anyway, then the greatest possible being ends up not being that grand. in fact, if it is not possible to defy the laws of science, physics and nature, so that there is no way the earth could have come about excepts as suggested by science, then even if God does exist, he cannot perform supernatural feats simply because it is not possible.  if you really think about it, anything that simply cannot be done is defined as impossible. even if we can imagine something being done (like a stick of chalk growing and morphing into a car) in reality it is impossible. the greatest possible being that exists in reality can only do what is possible in reality
Unfortunately, (and I believe the definition is covered quite extensively on that website), it is not for you or I to change the definition of a word simply because it defines too well! A greater definition for God than Supreme Being cannot be dreamed of. Anyways, it is quite irrelevant whether one rejects the definition. If this proof shows that such a being exists, it proves it regardless of whether one likes the definition. Then, you will have to explain what would be a more suitable definition for God. I'm not changing the definition of the word. Supreme being is a good definition, and we'll leave it at that. however, supreme being simply means "being better than all other beings". say that being is able to run faster, swim further, lifter heavier objects, and cook more delicious meals than anybody else in that exists, then thats your supreme being. but it also holds that this being cannot do what is impossible, nor does he have to, in order to maintain supreme being status. therefore this being doesnt necessarily need the power to create a round square, or a car from a stick of chalk, or a planet from nothing, and it will still be a supreme being. I havent changed the definition  I'll explain to you why your other matter is terribly trivial. Do you know what can be done and what cannot be done? Who is to say what can be done or what cannot? Certainly not science. Science is widely based on induction and draws its conclusions through empirical methods. It does not propose absolutes. Why? Because they wouldn't make sense - science only tells us what is going on in a controlled environment. Absolutes might come from other places, like logic or mathematics, but they certainly do not come from empiricism.   Furthermore, the laws of physics are by no means necessary. At the point of a singularity all our mathematical and scientific equations do not make sense. They all break down. The only plausible way to determine what is possible would be to use an a priori in, perhaps, a Euclidean frame as it is presented here. In a deductive axiomatic system you can resolve absolutes based on the axioms. But, what would your assumed truths be?  This argument might not be the most pleasing, but it's certainly logically valid. And, as far as I can see - perfectly sound. dreamweaver, everything is not possible, obviously. there are things that can be done, and things that cannot. I think we can all agree that a round square cannot be created. that is impossible, scientifically, mentally, logically, etc., in any perspective you can look at it from. however, there are some things that mentally can be perceived, but still physically impossible. can a rock float in mid air? I can sit here visualizing a rock floating in mid air, but that does not make it possible. and if it not possible, then what would make you think that it can be done by even the greatest possible being? it canot, simply because the greatest possible being (or supreme being) cannot do what is impossible. it still would permit that being to remain supreme though, just not as powerful as we classically imagine
I'm glad that we agree.  Well, perhaps. It means best and unrivalled. Anyhow, all of that is out of the scope of modality. The Supreme Being, has existence in all possible worlds - Necessary Existence.  I'm glad that we're agreed. No being can do the impossible, since that would be both logically impossible and self-refuting.  I agree, and I don't think that I have ever suggested it to be otherwise. For example, there can be no being that can destroy the Supreme Being. And hence - it is impossible.  Your analogy of the rock floating in mid air does not hold. I would have thought that I created a reasonable refutation for absolutes in Empiricism. You reached your conclusion that a rock cannot float because of induction. Let me try to go through it once more.  You posit that a rock cannot float. You reached this conclusion by both common sense and experience. Why? Because you simply have never seen a rock that has floated. Or, you might say that it would violate the law of gravitation, which you have seen to be true constantly. You might have seen a rock fall to the ground once or twice a week, but you are always seeing Gravity at work.   So, now, we are in a slightly stronger position to posit our presupposition. The rock will fall to the ground because of gravity. But, again, this will not get us far. The only reason for believing that the laws of gravitation will remain in operation is that they have always operated in the past. So far as our knowledge serves us. There are countless cases where the laws have been unviolated. But, the underlining question is, how many causes of the law working will assure us that it will work in the future, or that it has always occured in the past?  If there aren't a sufficient number (and there aren't), it should become quite obvious that we have no ground in which to propose an absolute that the rock will not fall to the ground. All expectations are merely probable. It may not be satisfying, but that is the nature of induction, and of science. It might be practical to presume it as an absolute, but in reality, no such absolute in science exists.   As I have mentioned already, the impossible cannot be done, so we are entirely agreed upon the point that the Supreme Being cannot do the impossible.    it still would permit that being to remain supreme though, just not as powerful as we classically imagine  Really? I really cannot imagine a being that is more powerful than that being that can do all that is impossible. You might say that you can imagine a being that can do the impossible, but that is a psychological supposition and you really cannot. If we are to be more specific, we should refer to possible world semantics. So, the question becomes, "is there a possible world where a being can do the impossible?" The simple logical answer is "no", so we therefore have our conclusion.  So, while we now both accept that such a being is possible and that a better definition than Supreme Being cannot be dreamed of, are you agreed on the conclusion? Inference 10. dont get me wrong, the modal argument does prove that a supreme being (whatever that means) exists. I'll go along with that  what Im saying is not a refute to the logic of the modal argument, but the scope of 'possible'. without a working scope of 'possible', this supreme being can be as fanciful as we would like to imagine. is it indeed possible for, say, a rock to grow, or walk, or play chess? there are conutless examples of phenomenon that can be imagined, but are not possible in this world. if they are not possible, then they cannot be achieved by a supreme being.
The only way you could propose that something is impossible, is by making a statement that is analytically supportable. If it is not, then you'll have to justify it by other means. Any conclusion reached by empiricism cannot serve to propose that something is "impossible". here we come up to a dilema just as big as the quest for the existence of God. now that we've proven that a Supreme Being can and does exist, we are no closer to a solution because the question of "how powerful/great can this Supreme Being possibly be?" the debate shifts to questions such as "is it possible for any being to be immortal, invisible, all-knowing, all-present, etc?" because, even though our Supreme Being is the "greatest possible being", we still have to grapple with a whole bunch of unproven attributes that this being can attain. even with the modal argument intact, what if in reality it is not possible to be all-knowing, immortal, invisible, everywhere, etc? then have we really proven that God exists?  I hope you see that this is actually not trivial, but it may be more consequential that the modal logic itself  Unker: You state that "the evidence shows" that there are multiple universes. This is only a high falootin' theory. There is no evidence to actually show that. There is evidence that is being interpreted as such. But to do that one has to deny the existence of God. Since his existence is largely acceptable as a faith statement, then it is improper to dismiss Him as there is no more evidence to his nonexistence than his existence. The assumption of other universes is based on a faulty premise. It is only a theory.   There are no direct or indirect observable effects in this universe of another universe. If there are I must ask you to post a source. Simoply say there is evidence that... is not enought.  I dont think I said the evidence shows there are multiple universes. I agree it is only a theory, probably more unprovable than the existence of God himself. if I did imply that i believed multiple universes is a fact, then I apologise.   I did say, however that I wasnt satisfied with the idea that a space-time framework necessitates a being that pervades space and time. if the universe is infinite in size and energy, then it still obeys the constricts of time and space. and even if the multiple universe theory is true, and there really were up to 9, or 11, or 20 dimensions, wouldnt it still imply that a God could exist outside of all thesse super-dimensions in the same way, according to your previous deductions?
then the greatest possible being is man.  we havent proven that God exists
Absurd. Look up the definition for "Supreme Being" in the dictionary. And, furthermore, substantiate your claim that man is not contingent on something. There are so many flaws in that point that I won't even mention the rest.  Supreme Being: the supernatural being conceived as the perfect and omnipotent and omniscient originator and ruler of the universe; the object of worship in monotheistic religions   the being described above is impossible, therefore it is beyond the "greatest being possible". I can easily argue that existing in the supernatural is impossible, being omnipotent is impossible, and creating the universe from nothing is impossible. therefore this definition cannot be applied to the "greatest being possible"  unless you can show how the above adjectives can possibly be applied to any being in reality, then we are still stuck on square 1
unkerpaulie, If something has a definition, it must exist. Don't you agree? Can you name something that does not exist?  Sandy santa claus
We are stuck on square one, for the only reason that you keep taking us there. Forget everything else. Supreme Being = God. Now, we can talk about the attributes of such a being from its modifying qualifier, "Supreme". If you want to think of such a being's attributes and power then you would get: supreme knowledge, supreme power, supreme existence. There. That last part of your post is pretty invalid, but I'm not even going to bother with it, simply because I want to get this point, specifically, sorted. Once we clarify this, I'll show why the rest is wrong. yes, but defining Supreme Being = God still gets us no further than where we were.  you have to remember that this Supreme Being is still only limited to the realm of possible. therefore, even if God is the Supreme Being, we cannot give God impossible attributes.  I never challenged the notion the God exists, at least for the sake of this discussion. we are beyond that  Supreme (from dictionary.com Greatest in power, authority, or rank; paramount or dominant.  Greatest in importance, degree, significance, character, or achievement.  Ultimate; final  nowhere does this imply that the being is omnipotent, omniscient, etc. In fact, if it is impossible to be omnipotent, omniscient, etc, then proving the existence of a supreme being still doesnt mean that God (in the classical sense) exists
OK, for the record, yes I agree that supreme power, supreme knowledge, supreme (insert characteristic here) exists. I also agree that a being that retains these characteristics exists. Please forgive me for frustrating you about that if I did ;)  OK, lets move on
First - omnipotence. Define omnipotence. I define it as being able to do all that is logically possible. I do not define it as being able to do the impossible for two reasons: (i) it has the contradiction crammed in it already, for, then a "being could do what it cannot do", and (ii) if a being could do the impossible, it would not be impossible. So, it's a nonsensical phrase. If you disagree with the definition, then you'll have to provide some reason for why you should think that it should be the contradictory latter. omnipotence can only be defined as the "greatest possible amount of power". as you said, omnipotence must still be constrained to the realm of possible. however, even this definition does us no good unless we identify the scope and limits of possible in reality. for instance, lets assume that in reality it is not possible for a rock to grow (that is, rock particles within the rock multiplying similarly to cells in a living body). unless this is some how possible in reality, it cannot be accomplished in reality, even by a omnipotent being
you see, my problem was never whether a being can be omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, etc. these are all well and good, and easily attributed to the Supreme being.   but... all this still ultimately hinges on the scope and range of possible. without giving meaning to what is possible, these other terms are useless. in fact, the limits of possible supercedes the supreme being, since the supreme being cannot do beyond what is possible.
Not necessarily. *sigh*, this is going to take a few many more posts. What you must remember is that essence precedes existence. And knowledge doesn't precede either. So, existence precedes knowledge. God precedes logic for the same reason that he is the source of all truth, which is why He is omniscient. God is the very source of what is possible, so his own possibility is really a "non-question". You must also remember that when you speak of things within reference to the possibility of the Universe, you mustn't apply the same thing to something that transcends it. That would be just what Ryle would have called a "category error". It's just like saying that the Universe is uncaused; it's nonsensical, at least, in the classical sense. God precedes logic? are you saying that God can defy logic? or is not bound by logic? in other words, is God illogical?  the reason why I keep repeating myself is beacuse it is necessary to define a logical God by logic. logic means that God cannot create a round square. if God can create a round square, then he is beyond logic. also, I thought we had previously agreed that God is not all-powerful, and that he is still subject to logic.   it is logically impossible to create a round square. if God can do it, then God can do the illogical. if God cannot do it, then God can only do that which is possible.  please decide which it is God can do
God cannot do the [logically] impossible because it is not possible.  I dont think you ever answered this question, so I'll ask it one last time  can God create a round square?  (hint: its a 'yes' or 'no' answer)
I believe I answered it multiple times, I just didn't take the time out to answer to every single "Can God microwave a burrito so hot that he himself can't it eat" question. ;)  That question is logically impossible. God CANNOT do the impossible. Your answer is "No".  In fact, I see that you had the very answer in the part you quoted. So, what was the problem? Good, in other words God cannot be illogical. fair enough  would you agree that IF turning a stick of chalk into a car was illogical, then not even God could do it?
heres the bottom line. it was you, dreamweaver that said in the first place that the scope of possible is trivial. however, everything that God is capabale of depends on the scope of possible. therefore, any question that we can ask about the nature and ability of God will point right back to the phrase "if possible".   we are all comfortable with the notion that such a being as the "greatest possible being" or "supreme being" exists. and we agree that this being is superlative to all aother beings, and that this being can only do what is possible  however, proving that a supreme being exists, even that God exists, is pointless if we still only have speculations, guesses and abstract ideas of what possible is  for example, Q: can God send you to Hell if you refuse to believe he exists? A: only if it is possible for Hell to exist and it is possible for God to send you there.  see how meaningless that is?  there is no prerequisite that a supreme being necessarily has the power to send people to hell, be omnipotent, be omniscient, or change chalk to cars. the only qualifying characteristic of a supreme being is that it is superlative in greatness to all other beings.  therefore, as logically sound as the ontological argument is, we have nothing to work with from the conclusion expect that a being superlative in greatness to all other beings exists. this does not necessarily demonstrate that God exists
I don't think that you should be so hasty as to reach such a conclusion. I have clarified your point multiple times, while we have mild intervals of questioning what is possible. The Supreme Being has Necessary Existence.  everything above I agree with  Surpsingly, from the simple definition of SB we can learn a lot about it. Like I said, I told you that we can derive its attributes from its very own modifying qualifier. if you are talking about omniscienec, omnipotence, invisibility, etc, I disagree. it is not absolutely necessary to possess these attributes to be the supreme being, neither does the definition imply this.   The definition for Supreme Being is God. You are suggesting a bunch of contradictions throughout your post. The most glaringly obvious being the fact that you say "this does not necessarily demonstrate that God exists" while, I assume that you accept that the proof is sound.  if we take away the attributes of omnipotence, omniscience, invisibility, etc, from God, would God cease to exist?   I think I put "in the classical sense" in parentheses when I said that. its not that God doesnt exist, its just that a being with those attributes (i.e., God in the classical sense) doesnt exist. I hope you see the difference
I'd be interested in hearing about what you mean by "in the classical sense". The Supreme Being can never be destroyed; it defines reality. the supreme being is the greatest being possible, also defined as the being greater than any other being. where in this definition does it imply that this being is immortal, omnipotent, omniscient, invisible, etc, or any other attribute traditionally ascribed to God?
Well dreamweaver was right abouts King solomon, the guy who wrote the book of Ecclesiastes, if you cant find Him on the net try the Bible, He also wrote Psalms,   Now to say that I live in a state of blissful ignorance is begining to sound like two kids saying to each other, "Tis To" "Tis Not" "Tis To" "Tis Not" so even though I speak without speaking, and live without living If I could know what a grain of sand is made of, and then I ask that question an infinite amount of times until I am no longer capable, the question is "And whats that?" I could possibly began to say that I know what ignorance means, but for the sake of this human form of communication were we produce sounds and turn them into forms of patterns on this computer screen, like everything else in life I will PRETEND I understand the meaning of words, but that is all I am doing, Pretending, lets pose a scenario, suppose I go and visit a total stranger or a friend for that matter, and this person happens to a small child maybe around 5 years old, as I am talking to this child another person (who is like a lion when he is hungry or for whatever reason kills his prey, Deer, elephant, Giraffe, Human, whatever) threatens the life of the child by pointing a pistol with only one bullet in the barrel in his direction for whatever reason maybe his crazy or something, This person fires the shot to kill and I use my body as a shield to take the bullet and give my life for the kid, a good deed, I say yes, now lets continue the journey of life for the kid, he lived I died, he grows up and gets married has kids, you know the norm, this cycle of life continues, perhaps before I died In my heart I accepted Jesus Christ as my saviour, and upon my judgement day I am allowed to enter heaven for eternity, now the Kid perhaps he turned out to be an atheist and burns in the fire that can never be put out, or perhaps he was also saved an admitted into eternal glory, A person may live forever or may burn for-ever...... then this brain that a God created will ask "Then What" or "So What" and if that notion or concept is erased from my head then everything I know, which is really nothing won't matter for that matter, So lets say that all of a sudden doctors find a cure for many diseased and illness that kill millions every year, and now the world is a better place to live in, "Then What" "So What" all can be 2 sided, maybe there will be World Peace, or maybe there will be Nuclear Holocaust, it may be up to man/woman or maybe up to God, or maybe neither, after the peace, or after the bomb, "Then What" "So What" what is really ignorant is the thought that puny little humans think that they can change even a grain of sand in the universe and think they know things and pretend or act like they are important or special ooohhhhh, theres nothing here, everything is Useless and Meaningless, "Then what" and "So what" = Infinity...... thats why I have no understanding of anything, and have no clue as to what I just wrote, trying to read it to myself is like a bird sitting on an opened school history book and looking at the writting, as much as the bird understands I understand, but I think the bird knows more than I, so I will continue to pretend that when I am tired I rest, when I am hungry I eat, I move my bowels and pass water and at the same time I pretend I enjoy this God given life, because it is the best I know and I find great happiness in both the hapinness and the sad and also find sadness in the both the sadness and the hapiness,   This is normally the part were I would think of a quote to write and close this useless writting with but the only thing I can think of at this moment is laughter followed by silence. hmmm... the mere fact that you recognise that this whole life is nothing more than a complex game of 'pretend' shows that you are not at all blissfully ignorant but more like dispairingly aware. is the pursuit of the truth worth the depression that results when we become aware of reality? or is it better to be blissfully ignorant and shrouded in self-delusion in order to be happy within. after all, whether we lie to ourselves and remain gleefully deluded, or we find the truth and become morbidly aware of reality, the question "then what" "so what" still remains.   is there a deeper instinct of curiousity in humans that pervades species preservation so that we can never be satisfied until we find the ultimate answer? the quest for truth is probably the biggest factor that differentiates humans from the rest of the animal kingdom. yet the more truth we discover, the more questions arise, not enough to cause us to give up the quest, but just enough to fuel the curiousity. as long is more questions than answers exist, man will have something to collectively keep him occupied. God forbid the day we have all the answers to all the questions. so what? then what?
I've mentioned this countless times. You must remember that the scope of which this argument is in, modality, refers to one thing only - existence. It determines that there is a Supreme Being that exists in actuality. the question of existence of the "greatest possible being" has already been dealt with. we are not debating whether the "greatest possible being" exists. the question is whether the greatest possible being possesses omnipotence, omniscience, invisibility, etc.  How is the being immortal? Simple. A mortal being is contingent; it can change and it is subject to death. The Supreme Being is non-contingent. I really don't even know what you mean by invisible here. The Being obviously cannot be bound or restricted by space-time - the being is timeless. Hence, no change and other things as such....   Everything that is in existence, is contingent on the Supreme Being. If the being were to go, it would ALL go. It defines the very reality, and all existence is a subset of it. how did you come upon the conclusion that everything else in existence is contingent on the "greatest posible being/supreme being"? cant a being be greater than all other beings in existence and yet be temporal or limited? would a being having less than all-knowlegde or all power cease from being greater than all other beings in existence?
I've said this in my last post, and the post before that. The being defines reality. It is the Supreme Being, the Necessary Existence - everything else is contingent upon it for survival, while the Supreme Being is, ipso facto, contingent on nothing. necessary existence I agree with. greatest being possible I agree with. as far as this being defining reality, contingent on nothing, and having all other existence contingent upon its existence, I dont see how the modal argument or the premises and definitions imply this
Just what is it that you cannot understand? I've said it in the last three posts.... Do you follow my last post? Maybe we can work from there. Hopefully I can show the difference between these 2 concepts...  from the modal argument we conclude that such a being as the "greatest being possible" exists, and has necessary existence.  you equate this "greatest being possible" with an omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, immortal God  I say that for there to be a "greatest possible being" does not necessarily imply that such a being be omnipotent, omnipresent, immortal, etc.  you say that the all existing things are contingent upon the existence of the "greatest being possible"   I say that the "greatest being possible" only need be greater than all other existing beings, but that does not imply that it defines all other existence  in my perception, the "greatest possible being" is simply a being that is superlative to all other beings in greatness  to you, this greatest possible being can only be an omniscient, all-powerful, immortal God  to me, even without immortality, omniscience, omnipresence, omnipotence, etc, the being can still be greater than all other existing beings, and therefore still be the "greatest possible being"  furthermore, in order for the "greatest possible being" to be omnipresent, omnipotent, omniscient, immortal, etc, we first have to assume that these attributes are possible. the modal argument makes no such assumption, neither does it imply in its conclusion that these attributes are possible. if the case is that these attributes are not possible, then the greatest possible being cannot possess/acheive them.  the entire view point of the "greatest possible being/supreme being" possessing the qualities above hinges on whether such attributes are possible in reality. if these attributes are not possible, the modal argument still remains sound.  I hope this will clear up the confusion, if any
What a strange question: Where does God come from? God is not from around here. Here we ask strange questions that demonstrate a lack of faith. After studying the Bible for many years this is a question that has never crossed my mind.   Too deep for me, I'm heading to the shallow end while I still can. emoticon_xclown   But this does remind me of a joke. What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Unitarian? Someone who goes around knocking on doors saying nothing in particular. the question doesnt mean to ask what part of the universe or what direction/location is God. it means how did the concept of God get itself to mankind. think about it. we live in a time influenced strongly by information and technology. in the earlier ages, myths and mysteries dominated cultures and society. suppose mankind started off in the state of physical understanding that we are in today, meaning, suppose we always understood the body, the earth, the cosmos, etc, in the way we understand them today. do you think that people would still come to the conclusion that God exists?
Hello,  A recent survey found that 54% of Americans believe atheism presents the greatest threat to our society, even more than non-Christian religions such as Islam.   http://www.mndaily.com/articles/2004/04/27/9453#repeat  That has me wondering what our fellow forum members think about the matter. I've included a poll which I hope you'll take time to vote in, and I am looking forward to any and all comments.  regards
Now I`m sure this is all due to neglience and I bet they asked questions about threat, but I found this a bit odd.  "When questioned about what religious or nonreligious group doesn't share their vision of American society, survey participants indicated that atheists - with 54 percent - provided the greatest threat, Hartmann said. Survey participants said Muslims create the second-highest threat. "  "Not sharing views of society" does not equal "providing greatest threat", does it?
 "Not sharing views of society" does not equal "providing greatest threat", does it?  Hi Eddie,  A fair enough question I suppose. I have no further info about the news article or the wording of their poll.   What I'm personally looking for is to try to understand if Christians feel their way of life is endangered by atheists, and what the nature of their feeling of endangerment is, i.e., dwindling church attendance, complete repudiation, etc. I don't for a moment think believers feel physically threatened and the word "threatened" might better be thought of as "concerned".  regards
Well as a die-hard atheist, I'm obviously coming down on the benificial side. But not just because I believe in it myself, but because I believe that society is strongest through diversity, to place the blame at a specific religion is wrong. They all have potential for benifit and destruction.
As an atheist I will give religion the benefit of the doubt and so I voted neutral. I have long felt that a "moral" atheist is the more "evolved" being. Can't see how that could offend someone who believes not in evolution.
  My belief system carries me beyond the physical and into the spiritual, which forces me (spiritually) to grieve for them.   Hi Big Orn,  Well as long as it's spiritual grieving then. Nothing worse than watching a big guy physically sobbing. haha    Of course, if I am a religionist, and my livelihood depends on how many people believe in God, then I could count all atheists as enemies. Heck, I might start a petition around my neighborhood to prevent those kinds of people from buying homes here. I would have a reason to discriminate, right? Yea - right.    Are you going so far as to condemn organized religion? If so, care to put a name to it, like say Southern Baptists, or Evangelical Lutherans? How far out on that limb are you willing to go?   regards
 Are there any two-faced atheists? :p emoticon_xangel I have been known to say "God bless". Does that count?
Look at post #2 here. The actual question didn't actually involved atheists being threats in any way. It basically stated that people believe atheists are part of the least typical American religion. The Christian majority can essentially relate better with Islams who are part of a real religion than they can with atheists who are not religious. That is all this poll shows.I realise that. I meant that as far as I'm concerned, diversity is part of what typifies American/Western culture. Hence Athiesm is a part of that and generally helps it.
Taking a neutral standpoint, I'd say that atheism is, in a way, beneficial to society. AS suggested above, diversity molds us into a better society. You can't have everyone believing the same thing, then forums like these would not exist. It would also be wrong to suppress certain views because you disagree with them.  Honestly, I can see why christians may see this as a veritable threat. For one, many atheists will make postulations-some of them valid, some of them simply blather, about inconsistencies in the bible and deceitful things your parents told you. They also study a very sacred item and ideology; through theology they may discover a few things that gnaw away at the bible's relevancy and credibility. This, to me, seems to irritate christians and make them feel a bit questionable about their beliefs. Atheism, to many christians, is rightfully conceived as an attempt to undermine everything christianity stands for and has done throughout the course of history. I'm sure that's why christians feel threatened by atheistic espousings.
 Atheism, to many christians, is rightfully conceived as an attempt to undermine everything christianity stands for and has done throughout the course of history. I'm sure that's why christians feel threatened by atheistic espousings.  Hi mamboni,  How could atheists like myself do a better job of not grating on Christians?   regards
Hi mamboni,  How could atheists like myself do a better job of not grating on Christians?   regards   I guess it's all about perception, and many atheists are maligned by christians because they question what is/has been sacred and undebatable to many for eons. There's really no way for an atheist to soften the blow he inflicts on a christian, it's basically the premise of atheism - which is to deny the existence of a deity. I don't think it's the attitude or the way you come off, but simply because they're so offended by your beliefs.   Again, I'm neither atheist nor christian, so I am indifferent on this. I hold no preference to either religion, or non-religion in atheism's case.
 The Christian majority can essentially relate better with Islams who are part of a real religion than they can with atheists who are not religious.   Hi AMD4EVER,  I guess that's correct, it's what the poll shows, but like so much in religion it makes no sense. Christians are willing to hop in bed with Muslim jihadists, but will see to it their son doesn't play baseball with an atheist's son. They'll go to lengths to praise Islamists as peaceful people despite the thunderous silence from the Muslim community, and yet shun their ex-Christian brother and neighbor as a seditious traitor. They will try to get him fired from his job, write nasty letters to the editor, and block any attempt to hold elective office, all the while espousing Christian compassion. All the above are true examples of what it has been like since I lost my faith.  I can't believe I asked what atheists can do to not grate on Christians.   regards
Thankfully I have never seen such prejudice and hypocracy from the Christian community, I'm sorry that you've been so unlucky.  I'm not sure what you mean by 'the thunderous silence from the Muslim community'. 'Islamists' are on the whole peaceful people.
A good person is a good person; no religion has a monopoly on it. The reason atheist&#8217;s bug Christians is, IMO, that we ask the unanswerable questions, and wants an answer. That is my experience with my wife, if I ask a question she can&#8217;t answer, I am attacking her religion.
Yes thats exactly the same experience I've had, especially with family who seem to feel I'm making a really personal attack on them just by trying to ask questions.
 I'm not sure what you mean by 'the thunderous silence from the Muslim community'. 'Islamists' are on the whole peaceful people.  Where are the Muslim Billy Grahams denouncing with all their conviction the violence of their right wing? Where is the Islamic equivalent of the Right Reverend Jerry Falwell going on The Most Reverend Pat Robertson's TV show to bare his soul about how to get his violent wayward brethren back into the peaceful flock?
To me, it is a sign of weakness and insecurity that you cannot leave others alone in their religious beliefs.   I agree with you to the exact degree that it shows weakness and insecurity to discuss political ideas to those of other persuasions.
 There is merit in trying to persuade one's political foes to switch sides, but there is no need to mess with their inconsequential religious views.   Makes me wonder what you're doing in a religious forum with such open contempt of a subject as that.
 Religious heterogeneity subverts the authority, the persuasiveness, and positive influence of these beliefs, so they no longer do as well what they are intended to do; they no longer do what people need them to do. Beliefs becomes mushy, tepid, tentative, and somewhat arbitrary as people adjust them in order to get along with everyone else.   Hi galton,  I agree. It reminds me of a theory I have which I would like to trot out for the first time anywhere.  I think when Martin Luther posted his 95 theses on the church door he inflicted a fatal blow to Christianity. In my mind's eye I see him in a boxing ring with the pope, delivering an unexpected solid right to the solar plexus which at first stuns the pope, and then sends him reeling and staggering about the ring uncontrollably and dazed. All these centuries since Luther we are simply waiting for the inevitable to occur.  regards
How do you translate that to contempt?  Hi jim's trucking,  Religious discussion is a passion of mine, as I can see political discussion is to you. if I were to insert into one of your threads that in my opinion "inconsequential political views" were being discussed here, would you accept the statement or would your blood pressure begin to rise as mine is? I happily discuss my differences with my friends on the opposite side of the fence all day and never have to deal with condescension from them. I feel that was your intent.  If you think religious views have no bearing on modern political thought, I will be happy to disabuse you of that notion.  regards
  Political views are not inconsequential.    Nor are religious views IMO.    You inferred wrongly. I simply have a non-confrontational approach to religious differences. That does not mean that I condescend to others having at it. I have more pleasing things to do.    Thank you for clarifying.
The reason atheist's bug Christians is, IMO, that we ask the unanswerable questions, and wants an answer. That is my experience with my wife, if I ask a question she can't answer, I am attacking her religion.  I've experienced that too. If you start asking questions of some people like this, they get angry that you're 'attacking their religion.'  I think that a diversity is necessary. I would never, ever live in a community of 100% christians. Nor would I ever live in a community that is 100% atheist...there needs to be a balance. It's kinda like politics, we should never live in a society which is all conservative or all liberal. That'd be tarrible.
It's kinda like politics, we should never live in a society which is all conservative or all liberal.   I agree. Both wings should be strong and powerful in order to fly. But religion, IMO, is the weight around the neck that keeps us from soaring.
 It is people who claim christianity and then subscribe to the worst the world has to offer. Perhaps a better statement is simply, human nature.  People are the greatest threat. Anyone who can look at history and actually say that the basic human nature is "Good" is lying to themselves about history.  emoticon_xbouncer Bingo. Humanity, IMHO, is both the source of good and the source of evil. Take a look at war, for example. It's horrible, it's evil, it brings out the worst in people. But it also brings out the best in people; self sacrifice, bravery, courage, loyalty, and on and on.
There is no hope with atheism (by definition mind you) Depends what you are looking for, there is hope of a kind.  I think when the poll was taken, 'America' had very different meanings to some people. Is Atheism the greatest threat to a religiously dominant america-definitely. Actually to america itself - no, and would probably strengthen it in many ways not nessesarily by replace religion but if agnostism and atheism were dominant as the sciences and equal rights for all are embraced more openly throughout the country.
  It is not religion that is the weight around our neck, nor is it atheism.  It is religious hypocrisy.    Hi epaphras faith,  We have the religious camp and the non-religious camp, as we can agree from your above statement. In which camp does religious hypocrisy live in?  regards
To sinjin: Since you are an atheist, are you not also being religious? See, a religion is really just a set of beliefs. We must take the fact that God exists by faith, and you to must also take the fact that God doesn't exist by blind faith. That is how I see it. You also mentioned another thing about moral atheists being the more evolved things. My question is, why should rearranged molecules care for anything else, or why should they believe in the issues like justice? I personally just can't make any sense of why this would happen.  I'm going to take a stab at this one if I might. I'm sure sinjin will be along with a better response though.  No, because the beliefs are not defined. A religion is a defined set of concrete beliefs and precepts. An atheist is free to modify the beliefs, or completely change them, at any time. They are based solely on the individual. I see this posted a lot, and I suppose on some level there is some truth to it, but atheism is far from being a "religion" IMHO.  I can take the fact that God doesn't exist based on far more than blind faith. That's an incorrect statement. The simple fact that there is no physical evidence of his existance is pretty good proof that he doesn't exist. Of course I can never prove a negative, but the available evidence provides me with much more than blind faith upon which to base the decision that he doesn't exist.  As for why should an atheist care, I believe that's exactly Sinjin's point. If you are an atheist, there is no end reward, ie heaven, that you are striving for, and no punishment, ie hell, to fear. Therefore, an atheist living an exemplary life is doing so stricty of his/her own choosing, not for any selfish means or out of fear of punishment. To me, that is a more noble or "evolved" reason for doing so.  Waxy
Logic error alert.  This is common logic error number 70253AM-3xd4m, commonly made when attempting to deny the existence of the unknown.  You're on a logic tear jim, so please, enlighten me.   Keep in mind, I also posted this that you didn't quote.  Of course I can never prove a negative, but the available evidence provides me with much more than blind faith upon which to base the decision that he doesn't exist.  Waxy
Lack of physical evidence of the existence of something does not prove its non-existence. All it means is that you lack physical evidence. The evidence could be just around the corner or it could be hidden under a blanket you have yet to lift out of the way.  If your statement were true, it would make no sense for a detective to look for physical evidence of a murder as his current lack of possession of the evidence "proves the murder did not happen".  Whether or not something exists does not depend on your finding the evidence of its existence.  I'm not examining your posts for errors. That one just hit me in the face.  What "available evidence" do you have that God does not exist? your kidding right? First your analogy of the murder without evidence has confused me... wouldn't the evidence be the dead body hence murder?  and as far as proving God's existence is like proving aliens exist.... There is nothing tangible to say he does exist except for faith....and that is not solid proof.... I could easily equate that to Jim Jones telling me God exists
Lack of physical evidence of the existence of something does not prove its non-existence. All it means is that you lack physical evidence. The evidence could be just around the corner or it could be hidden under a blanket you have yet to lift out of the way.  If your statement were true, it would make no sense for a detective to look for physical evidence of a murder as his current lack of possession of the evidence "proves the murder did not happen".  Whether or not something exists does not depend on your finding the evidence of its existence.  I'm not examining your posts for errors. That one just hit me in the face.  What "available evidence" do you have that God does not exist?  IMHO, we're (well you're) getting into technical semantics here, rather than dealing with reality. Ultimately of course you are correct, but what's your point? I clearly stated that I can't prove a negative.     HOWEVER, is something more or less believable with or without physical evidence? If you have searched, as mankind has for thousands of years, for any proof of physical existance and found none, that, to me, is more compelling evidence that something doesn't exist than the word of someone that says it does. Not 100% proof, but strong evidence nonetheless.  As for your murder analogy, a person is dead, what other evidence of a murder do you want? It wouldn't be a murder investigation if someone wasn't dead, it would be a missing person's investigation.  I feel there's plenty of evidence to refute the validity of the Bible, the only "proof" that God exists, we won't get into that in this thread. There always the pie in the sky who, what, where, and when stuff too.  My personality dictates that I need some kind of proof or evidence before I believe in something, I'm a skeptic. I think that's inherent in most people with a scientific background. Nothing is taken to exist or be a fact until it can be physically proven in a repeatable experiment.  For those that are believers, they choose to accept something until someone proves otherwise. They dont' require proof, only faith.  Just two sides of the coin I guess, but to me, only one makes sense.  Waxy
But there is a definite change in the activities of an existing person. I don't know of any murder cases into the disappearance of someone who has never been seen in the first place
So what is the reality of this situation?  The reality jim, is that you don't carefully read a post before you respond.  You asked.  What "available evidence" do you have that God does not exist?  I responded.  I feel there's plenty of evidence to refute the validity of the Bible, the only "proof" that God exists, we won't get into that in this thread. There always the pie in the sky who, what, where, and when stuff too.  I also provided this explanation for my reasoning.  HOWEVER, is something more or less believable with or without physical evidence? If you have searched, as mankind has for thousands of years, for any proof of physical existance and found none, that, to me, is more compelling evidence that something doesn't exist than the word of someone that says it does. Not 100% proof, but strong evidence nonetheless.  So, what's your point again?  Waxy
The reality is that there is as much proof for God as the pink, man-eating hippo jumping on your screen as you read this. But really, lets not get side tracked here from the actual debate.  Is a religous population a lot easier to manipulate do you think? Given the absolute beleif in something that has no obvious facts backing it up, can this be applied to other things more easily? Or that it is relatively easy to twist religions to cover certain topics. Is this even a good thing over the atheist mind set that would question everything the government is saying, or do these values not extend as far into politics?
Simply to point out your error in logic and your inability to expose "available evidence" that God does not exist. You shot with a half-cocked gun.  We have drifted away from the thread topic, the worth of Atheism. I think Atheists are amusing, therefore nice to have around.  Fortunately, yours wasn't loaded either. ;)   I chose not to "expose" any evidence in this thread. Go to one to the thousand of threads here on Biblical inconsistenties, evolution, Noah, or any one of the other arguments that are commonplace. Why rehash that stuff here? Personally, I'm sick of, I've been down the road way too many times already.   Why do you think atheists are amusing? Is it smug righteuosness, or do we just tell better jokes?   Waxy
Disestablishment of proof that God exists is not the same as establishment of proof that God does not exist. You said you had "available evidence" that God does not exist. I am interested in seeing it.  It is amusing that you evade the issue.  I don't know why I continue to reply to this, so I'll just give it one more.  I see what you're saying jim, in fact, I think I've even agreed with the hairs your splitting regarding the logic.   When dealing with an intangible item, the only available means to disprove it is to attack that which supports a belief in it, ie the Bible. If the Bible can be disproven, it may not prove God doesn't exist, but it sure eliminates any "evidence" that he does, or any reason for the belief that he does.   Turns out it was the smug righteousness. I suspected as much, but I hoped it was my joke telling.  Waxy
I think jimstrucking is right on this one. THere is no proof that god does not exist. The evidence could be seen to point both ways, depending on how much faith you have. But there is no proof he does exist so your point is? Faith is not tangible and is subjective matter.  On the other hand, my personal experience has been that religious types are much easier to deal with, treat people more fairly and are more likely to do what is right simply for the fact that it is right. I think this comes from the teachings of most religion that god is watching, no matter how well you think you have coverd your misdeeds, and there will be an accouting. I also find that religious people have a better defined set of morals than athiests. I think this is because they have made a conscious decision to follow their god, whoever it may be, and for the most part the gods that people worship today are nice guy gods who want people to be nice to each other and honest and live a good life. It is true that people have used religion to justify a lot of evil, but lets not throw the baby out with the bath water. I am not sure where you are meeting these athiests to come to such a conclusion... I have meet plenty of Christians that were terrible people should I judge all Christians because of a few bad eggs?  Waxy touched upon this earlier and when he said that a moral athiest might be a bit more sincere since there is no fear of hell..... hmmm all the athiests I know are great people, have families and a good set of ethics and morals emoticon_wow
Depends how you define it really, I would atheism is more applying the same laws to religion that you would apply to anything else with respect to whether you beleive it or not rather than disbelieving purely on faith. While beleif in some things is essential, disbeleiving in others is equally important otherwse you end up in the bizarre position of utterly beleiving in two completely contradictory things with no hope of combining the two.
 It is impossible to say, I believe in nothing. Even that is a statement of belief. Atheism, philosophically speaking, is without logical merit. At least most religious stuff SAYS it is "based on belief". Atheism says it is based on NON BELIEF which is impossible. One simply must believe in some things. We are finite in our perceptions and must believe in things in order to function. It is the nature of human nature.  I think you're misrepresenting atheism. It is simply the rejection of the Christian god, as understood and formulated by religious institutions through any number of creeds.  I believe in a lot of things which may prove to be wrong. I believe in the goodness of humans and their ability to adapt and survive, for instance, despite the daily headlines, and in spite of the nearly universal apocalyptic bent of most Christians.   To say the church's and its leader's messages are "based on belief" has not been my observation. I haven't heard Billy Graham deliver a sermon entitled, "Jesus Saves, According To My Best Guess". Nor has the infallible Pope issued any encyclical that I'm aware of where he states, "In my humble opinion, priests should remain celibate". They instead want their listeners to believe the message has been personally delivered by God to them, and they are reporting it verbatim, without delay, and will result in the most serious of consequences to one who rejects the pronouncement.   That is what atheists don't believe in.
I think you're misrepresenting atheism. It is simply the rejection of the Christian god, as understood and formulated by religious institutions through any number of creeds.It isn't just a rejection of a christian god, but any god. Hence a-theism.  Personally I believe atheism should be considered a religion, it is in the end a set of beliefs like any other.
It isn't just a rejection of a christian god, but any god. Hence a-theism.    Hi Phunting,  You're correct. I was writing in the context of this thread I suppose, on American society.  regards
Atheism has no boundary's how in the heck can you call it a religion? Please explain further.I don't quite see your point, how do you mean boundaries? What do boundaries have to do with something being a religion?  I consider Atheism to be a belief as to the nature of god (specifically that his nature is as a fictitious entity). Now it is not an organised religion in this, but that does not mean that it cannot be considered one.
Hi Phunting,  You're correct. I was writing in the context of this thread I suppose, on American society.  regardsI see,   Appologies if I was being pedantic then.
You are misrepresenting the nature of the infallibility of the Pope here. Maximus posted a link with a good description of the nature of the infallibility of the Pope. You'll find it here, along with some discussion on the topic:  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=42221#post42221  Hi bootfitter,  Here's a quote from the Catholic Encyclopedia which Maximus included in his post on the definition of papal infallibility:   "...that infallibility means more than exemption from actual error; it means exemption from the possibility of error..."   Wow, nice job if you can get it. "And so you peasants, in conclusion I hereby pronounce that I thought I was wrong once, but I was mistaken. But as you can see, I couldn't be mistaken either because..."
 There has never been an infallible proclamation that has been revoked. If there were, it would be proof that the concept of papal infallibility is in error.  How could there be a revocation if it's limited to faith and morals and the sitting pope must be the one to break the news? Of course the pope in the late 19th century, when this doctrine came into being, intended infallibility to include all areas of human concern but had already been shown to be wrong in science for one. He wished to shut the mouths of kings and critics forever with one proclamation. The mistake was making it retroactive to the first pope and there are a number of bone-headed mistakes along the way I believe.
assuming that Jesus promised He would never allow the Church to stray (as indicated by scripture),  Yikes, that's a potential can of worms.  Waxy
The concept of papal infallibility did not 'come into being' in the late 19th century, though that's perhaps when it was formalized.   Papal infallibility became official Catholic dogma in 1870, quite late. The idea was around previous. So? Was that period then non-papal infallibility?   As you are discussing the topic, it is clear that you do not have an understanding of what papal infallibility means. It has nothing to do with the trial of Galileo or any of the bone-headed mistakes of individuals who served as Pope. It doesn't even have anything to do with things like the Roman Catholic Church's position regarding the gender of priests. If you have any desire to better understand that which you are arguing against, you may wish to do a bit more research.  And you may wish to broaden yours if you're interested in pursuing truth wherever it leads.     From a different perspective outside of the RCC, papal infallibility really has no impact on anyone, because only if you believe in the first place does papal infallibility have any impact.   I'm sorry I don't understand where you're coming from.
.  Is a religous population a lot easier to manipulate do you think?   Hi Tastyfish,  Well, depends on what is trying to be manipulated I would say. I think religious people have, through their belief system, an anchored, unshakeable foundation. That it is wrong is where the problem lies, IMO, and causes the rest of a society to slow its progression. Consider: when a new religion appears, its "priests" are the clear leaders, defining the faith, acting as messengers and mouthpieces of the new god. As the faith matures, I think the roles reverse and priests become servile to the masses. Case in point: the Rev. Jerry Falwell in regards to 9/11. His congregation of like-minded believers was clearly telling him where the fault lie in the tragedy -- gays were to blame and this was God's punishment. When he was publicly chastised he recanted, only to re-recant to his congregation. Who's leading whom here?   . Given the absolute beleif in something that has no obvious facts backing it up, can this be applied to other things more easily? Or that it is relatively easy to twist religions to cover certain topics.  Are people, outside of what they believe about religion, naturally skeptical or naturally gullible on the whole? My experience would tell me they tend toward skepticism. Religion muddies the water and tends to make otherwise healthily skeptical people irrational.   regards
What it means is that it has no boundary's because they do not believe in religion they don't want religion just because now some fruity yuppies decide that Atheism should be a religion I disagree with that concept.Atheism is a belief, just like any other? Just because it doesn't have scripture/a church/dogma should that somehow make an Atheists belief less valid? Should they not have equal protection under the law?  I am still confused as to your exact meaning of 'boundaries'.
Atheism is not a belief I repete not a belief. next you will probably call a apple a peach.Of course atheism is a belief, who could possibly ever call it anything else? Just what on earth to you base such a daft assertation on?  I was going to post the definition of 'belief', but it just seems to silly. I'm sure you and everyone else knows what 'belief' means, and yet I cannot comprehend how you could possibly count it as anything else.
Of course atheism is a belief, who could possibly ever call it anything else? Just what on earth to you base such a daft assertation on?  I was going to post the definition of 'belief', but it just seems to silly. I'm sure you and everyone else knows what 'belief' means, and yet I cannot comprehend how you could possibly count it as anything else.  Wouldn't it technically be a "disbelief"? Like not a belief as "dis" indicates..
Wouldn't it technically be a "disbelief"? Like not a belief as "dis" indicates..Well yes and no. In the end atheists believe that the world/life/everything were created by natural and/or scientific principles. That is a belief. By the same token you could claim Christianity is a 'disbelief' as they disbelieve these things are true.  Disbelief is just a relative term when discussing a belief, but it does not negate the disbeliever's belief (!)
 You may be confusing the position for which I am arguing with what I believe personally.  Too enigmatic for me to understand.    Papal infallibility deals with moral truths as defined by the Roman Catholic Church.   I agree.    If a person does not even believe in the Christian God, then papal infallibility will only have an impact on them if they allow it to.   I disagree. What the RCC does, along with every Protestant denomination, has an impact on you and me.     What does it matter to an atheist that the Catholic Church professes that Mary was assumed into heaven, body and soul?   I thought we were talking about infallibility. But you know, why would I want to be debating RCC esoterica? I'm really not interested in discussing the idea of papal infallibility, but if others are, they can feel free to use this thread. I'm interested in knowing what the real deal is for atheists in America.
Well yes and no. In the end atheists believe that the world/life/everything were created by natural and/or scientific principles. That is a belief. By the same token you could claim Christianity is a 'disbelief' as they disbelieve these things are true.  Disbelief is just a relative term when discussing a belief, but it does not negate the disbeliever's belief (!)  Hi sinjin,  I know dis for sure, you can't argue with dat.  regards
Well yes and no. In the end atheists believe that the world/life/everything were created by natural and/or scientific principles. That is a belief. By the same token you could claim Christianity is a 'disbelief' as they disbelieve these things are true.  Disbelief is just a relative term when discussing a belief, but it does not negate the disbeliever's belief (!)  The standpoint that "everything" is a product of a "natural" process is the neutral(obvious) position IMO and not a claim unless you give the "Creation" theory an equal chance of being true. Without being tainted, as we all are, by "Creator" cosmology I doubt the thought of a Being making "everything" would come to most of us spontaneously. It is the assertion of the existence of God that is the "unnatural" claim and should be considered as having the burden of proof upon it. If I said that there were seamonsters on Neptune and you couldn't prove otherwise would that make the chance of them really existing 50/50?
They don't believe in God so they don't believe in religion. They don't go to church they do not par take in religious things. So what I see here is if a car is red you would call it blue. However it is clearly a religious option- more like if you were to ask 'shall we go for Thai or Indian?', 'Actually I am in the mood for Pizza' is an option that makes sense. Different from the others but still an option in that field.  If Atheism was made an official religion, then what would count as priests and churchs (if anything), science teachers, or just anti-missionaries, who challenged the word of gods but nothing more? Trouble is they are a lot more effective than others though, so politically it wouldn't be very good. Could they even be allowed, are you allowed to attack and critise religions or do they have special laws protecting them?
Tasty Fish who said I was critiseing religions I wasn't critiseing religion I was stating my interruption of it. (IMO) I didn't say you were critising religions, I was just saying that athesism can be considered a 'religious belief'. By beleiving in one religion you must by definetion in most cases disbelieve in others, atheism is just that little bit further but along the same lines, it has beleifs in common with every single other religion
It isn't really associating them with religion, but offering Atheism as an alternative to religion- the beliefs cover the same set of things, its just in this case the things are thought not to exist. Atheism on its own is purely about gods, even more so than other religions as atheism only requires the disbeleif in them rather than setting any other rules as well. I can see why religions might not want it to be officially recognised but the association with religions I don't see (being an atheist)
This second statement is incorrect. Christians do not necessarily 'disbelieve' that the world/life/everything was created by natural principles. Some do. Some don't.   Christians do believe that there is a God. Some Christians believe that everything was created by 'natural' means that can be observed, studied and known via scientific principles. Even if EVERYTHING can be explained by scientific principles, a Christian may still believe that a God exists that created everything in a naturalistic way that can be observed and known. Even if singularity (which I freely admit I do not understand) is the origin of the universe, that does not negate the possibility of an all-powerful God as described by the Christian Bible.Point taken, but for the sake of argument I was generalising. By the same token some atheists believe that there is the existance of a supernatural force, be it nature, humanity or whatever, just not a 'god' as such.  I was just trying to show that one mans belief is another's disbelief, I know there are always exceptions to any groups generally held 'belief'.
If Atheism was made an official religion, then what would count as priests and churchs (if anything), science teachers, or just anti-missionaries, who challenged the word of gods but nothing more? Trouble is they are a lot more effective than others though, so politically it wouldn't be very good. Could they even be allowed, are you allowed to attack and critise religions or do they have special laws protecting them?I Britain anyway, atheism is counted as a religion officially, in that Atheists are protected as a religious group in the eyes of the law. It is just not an organised religion generally. However with regards to organised religious atheism, The Church of Satan is fairly close.
They don't believe in God so they don't believe in religion. They don't go to church they do not par take in religious things. So what I see here is if a car is red you would call it blue.Why do you have to do traditional Christian trappings in order to qualify for being religious?  What of Bhuddists? Do you claim that is not a religion because it's followers don't necessarily do such things?
I would not even go there because it would not even with religions that is like having a car that never stays in time. OK let me put it another way Catholics have there ways Buddhist have there ways Muslims have there ways. What do atheist do they don't associate with any religion because they do not beleve in it. There would be to much confusion to get all of there disbeliefs in order. There are to many of them.But all religions have so many different opinions on almost every aspect of their faith, yet they are all linked by a general common belief. This is no different to Atheism.   You mention Catholics, Catholics are one of literally thousands of Christian off-shoots. Does this mean that all of Christianity is invalid because it's members have varying beliefs? Are all the Abrahamic religions equally flawed for the same reason? Of course not.  And if you feel that this is ok, because all the branches of these religions have their own set names and terms. Well firstly there is still massive division in these branches, and secondly Atheism also has it's own 'branches' for what different members of it believe, just like any other religion.
I noticed something...  IIt is like trying to put water in a pipe when there is no water.  next you will probably call a apple a peach.  So what I see here is if a car is red you would call it blue.  You really like comparisons, don't you? :p It's irrelevant, I know, I just thought it was funny.  I think that atheism is a belief, but not a religion in the sense of the word we're used to. A religion is a set of beliefs, an organized philosophy. Atheism itself is not a religion. I'm not saying that all atheists are not religious, in fact many are. Buddhism, for example, does not require a belief in God one way or the other.  And a thing about the 'off-shoots' of Christianity. You'll find that most sub-sects in religions believe that they are the 'true way' and that all the others are the off-shoots. Mormons believe that they follow directly the teachings of Christ and everyone else was led astray. Catholics feel like they were the first and everyone branched off from them. The interesting thing is that Christianity as a whole is an off-shoot, of both Judaism and Paganism.
Not is not a believe they dont want to be associate with religion How can you say something that is not. That is the most ridicules thing I have ever heard. And Christianity is not what it use to be ether.What do atheists believe in? They don't believe in religion no matter how you look at you can not classify them as a religion.  What are you talking about? I said that atheism is not a religion. What are you trying to argue here? I said that there are religions where a belief in God is either discouraged or found unimportant, that's all. That's a fact. Do you know anything about Buddhism?  I found nothing funny with you dumb comment about comparisons. Sometimes you have to compare so people get the message. You knew that now didn't you.  That'd be because you have no sense of humor :p . Relax, I was just playing around a bit, not intending to offend or attack you.
Old note, I know but I am only here every so often. I do not misrepresent atheism. The word itself means without anything theistic or anything of any kind having to do with any god. It is not simply the rejection of the christian god. It is a rejection of all forms of god. No matter the religion. The hardcore atheists (and they do say this) say that bellief in anything that cannot be observed is absurd. Yet you and I cannot live life without believing in things we do not observe.   What sort of things other than God that can't be observed would you believe in that a "hard core" atheist would not?
Just a point of clarification here...  The Catholic Church, per my understanding, is not an 'off-shoot' of anything. Rather, as I understand it, the early Christian Church was largely universal (of course there were exceptions). As more off-shoots became prevalent, the main body of the Christian Church distinguished itself as the Catholic Church. Certainly, this is not a complete description, as it does not distinguish between the Roman Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church. But I don't believe it is accurate to suggest that the Catholic Church is an 'off-shoot' of the early Christian Church. (C'mon, even Dan Brown knows that! ;) )Again, I realise and appreciate that. My point was that the Christian Church has many facets to it's belief just as atheism does, and as sglaine mentioned Catholicism I used it as my example. You are right it is not a strictly accurate wording, but i felt that was a technicality irrelevant to my point.
A few questions:  You say atheism is not a belief because it is reactionary, therefore a non-belief. Hypothetically speaking, if a remote culture were to develop atheism without at any point considering a theistic system, would you still not classify it as a belief?   It was an example thats all just as an example.So if that was just an example, on what grounds would you say something (belief or non) could be classified as a religion?  Finally regardless of if it is spiritually (for want of a better word) a religion or not, do you believe that it should legally be regarded as a religion? In other words do you think that Atheists should be protected under religious discrimination laws and the like?
.  You mischaracterize billy graham. (I don't know about the pope). Dr. Graham has never delivered a message that says believe thusly or you go to hell. He has delivered his knowledge and understanding of the love of God.    Hi epaphras_faith,  Billy Graham picked up the ball where Norman Vincent Peale left it after reinventing God in the mid 20th century. Peale was the one who popularized "God is love" and for it received ostracism from every mainline denomination in America, which was decidedly "fire and brimstone". When they saw the beaten path to Peale's doorstep, they belatedly began receiving divine revelations that God is, indeedy, love.    .  God loves. Period. That is the christian dogma.    A new phenomenon, as I have endeavored to briefly show above. Many theologians still realize today that if you attempt to remove hell from the equation, you have pulled a critical pillar from the base that supports Christianity.   . It is irrelevant what SOME have preached, as it is possible what they preach is wrong.    I hope you're not advocating that the Reverend Billy Graham is infallible. The last time I mentioned that word I was taken to task. At the least may we agree that Dr. Graham may be as right or as wrong as some other practitioners. In the last sermon I heard him deliver he stated God is a spirit. That statement alone relegates God to nothingness, although I'm afraid it eluded the audience.  . Billy graham has preached that he knows God wants individuals to choose jesus because God loves them. He has never stated the conditional fear part you speak of. Good luck finding such an item.   If the words "hell" and "damnation" have never crossed his lips, and he has said many other choices besides Jesus will still ensure God's love and mercy, then I may be inclined to believe, like you, that he may be more right than others.  regards
In other words do you think that Atheists should be protected under religious discrimination laws and the like?  I would say so, yes. The problem is that this isn't always what happens. If you live in Salt Lake City, you'd better be Mormon if you want a good job. And if you leave the church, you'll probably be fired.  On another note, I'm reading a book right now by Bertrand Russell, called 'Why I Am Not A Christian.' Very good book, interesting insights. Phunting, I think you'd like it.
I would say so, yes. The problem is that this isn't always what happens. If you live in Salt Lake City, you'd better be Mormon if you want a good job. And if you leave the church, you'll probably be fired.Hmm worrying. OK Salt Lake City drops from my list of places to move to in the States.   On another note, I'm reading a book right now by Bertrand Russell, called 'Why I Am Not A Christian.' Very good book, interesting insights. Phunting, I think you'd like it.Thanks, I'll look into it. :)
Hello Bill:  ...Hell is simply eternal separation from God. The bible says that the only way to God is through Jesus. That is to be sure. But, it is how this is presented by christians with which you argue.   No, nothing against the messengers, I reject the message. It is about condemning most people to a separation from God, which is a nice euphemism for hell but little more.   I have never preached hell and damnation. None of those have ever turned anyone toward God. God himself told the children of Israel what would happen if they turned their back on Him. It did not stop them anyway (read Jeremiah for background).   If the message was good enough that God personally relayed it to the Jews, if it was that important, it ought to be good enough for his present-day followers to disseminate. Why would you want to hear a sugar-coated version of anything? Why not the whole story, full-strength?     It is God' love, mercy and grace that are appealing to people. God is love is not a New concept. It is well established from the very beginning. It is who God is. All he does is out of love, because it is who He is. You nor I always understand it, but we are not the ones who get to define what is and is not loving. That would be ludicrous as it would result in sheer chaos and foolish actions. That is where moral relativism comes from.   I can't agree with one sentence of the above, and my disagreements become stronger with each new sentence. The God of the O.T. is not about love. We most certainly must get to define what it is. And, most of all, the story of God has nothing to do with morality, let alone relativism.    If, however, love is defined then to know what it is is the highest of all callings. God defines love as Himself. Therefore, the highest of all callings is to know God. To look simply at the surface actions and not dig deeper into things leaves one with a wrong view.   I have dug so deep that I reached the footings and found them rotted beyond repair. Have you dug that deep?   That is the point I was trying to make. You mischaracterize what people are doing. To say that Billy Graham is a terrible person because he tries to scare people into believing is simply wrong. NOthing BG has ever done was out of a desire to induce fear.  I have nothing against Billy Graham.    If he believes that the highest of callings is to know God (love) and it has had a profound impact on his life (and he does and it has) then why would he NOT want others to experience such a thing.   I believe happiness lies in pursuing the truth wherever it leads. I want to share that belief, I want you to experience the exhilaration of discovering a fact, a nugget of truth and realize what freedom really feels like. I WANT to share that.     If you found the most amazing thing in the world to you and it was life transforming and the people you love did not have that, would you not want to share it with them. That is Dr. Graham's motivation. For you to beleive otherwise would necessarily be based on a lack of knowledge and therefore be somewhat prejudicial.  It is my motivation as well, as it is yours I assume.   Thanks for responding and your patience in my getting back. I am still looking for a job and do not spend anywhere near the time I used to on this board.  EF.   A job in the ministry I assume? Well, best of luck. Hope you can find time to check in often.
 My question to you is why do you, a fallible, faulty, flawed human get to define what love ought to be or is?   I'm the captain of my ship and when I see something that looks, quacks, and walks like a duck, I am going to label it a duck. IMO, a Christian all too often imagines some unseen entity under the surface of the water is animating and manipulating the object which appears to resemble a duck, making one BELIEVE they are seeing a duck but are actually being fooled, except for, of course, the Christian, who in turn feels compelled to warn everybody about the fake duck.   I am qualified to speak of love because I have received it as well as given it, and I can attest to its greatness in elevating the human spirit. Beyond that, I can't go, and may I be so bold as to say, neither can you. And even bolder yet, I don't want or desire anything beyond that.     Are you so certain that you can see the future for each and every individual that you know what will be best for them in the future?   No. I'm not sure how you assumed that. I make no claims like that.   Do you really think that you see so clearly that you even know what is best for you 20 years from now?   Again, no. Do you?    Where were you when I was made? Where were you when Rome was built or even the matter slipped into being? Where were you when the designs for DNA were conceived?   Shades of Job: consider Chapter 40:12 . Great literature, no? You know, I've never presumed to know the answers to the great mystery. It seems as though you do, IMO.    WHY oh WHY would you presume to know so much as to be able to define the concept of love?   Because no one else can define it for me. Those that attempt to are charlatans and quacks and have 1-900 phone numbers which one can call at 4 A.M. to be enlightened as to their definition.   May I ask, what are you attempting to strive for that the very act of being a human being isn't enough? Why do you feel you need more, and at what point may we question whether greediness enters the equation?
Hypothetically speaking they simply want to be left out of the religion. Let ask you this Phunting would you like to be dragged down the hall way if you did not want to go. Well it is the same thing here. So Phunting do you want to classify Atheism?Sorry, I really don't understand that post! Who wants to be left out of what religion in what hypothesis?   And do I wan't to classify Atheism as what? A religion? Well yes, as IMO it is. But I appreciate that it can be seen otherwise. However legally at least I feel it must be one.  And you didn't really answer my questions.
Sorry, I really don't understand that post! Who wants to be left out of what religion in what hypothesis?  Well, it is from sglaine... emoticon_cool   And do I wan't to classify Atheism as what? A religion? Well yes, as IMO it is. But I appreciate that it can be seen otherwise. However legally at least I feel it must be one.  Phunting, how do you see atheism a religion? I don't see it. I think that it definately needs legal status as such, but realistically, it has no organized structure, no dogma, no 'higher word,' no churches or temples, no communities, no overriding philosophy.  Billsco, excellent post btw.
Reread the post. I was stating that Atheism should not be classified as a religion. Thats why Atheism is what it is they do not go to church they do not partake in religious things. So that for they shoud not be classified as a religion. So why try to make something that can not be done. Do you now under stand what I am getting at?I understand what you are saying now, it wasn't clear in your previous post.  I dispute that one needs to 'partake in religious things' to follow a religion. A non-practicing christian still follows a religion, even if they don't attend church and the like.  And again I ask, do you feel that it should have a religious classification under the law or not?
Phunting, how do you see atheism a religion? I don't see it. I think that it definately needs legal status as such, but realistically, it has no organized structure, no dogma, no 'higher word,' no churches or temples, no communities, no overriding philosophy.In the end I see a religion as a system of belief concerning the nature of a higher power.  I feel that atheism is based on belief, as agnosticism is the only real system that doesn't require a leap of faith of one sort or the other.  Of course it has none of the trappings you list, but they are a part of organized religion, not religion itself. To put it another way, what of someone who passionately believes in a God of their own definition. They have no church, no dogma not even a set of clearly defined beliefs, but they believe strongly in what they believe. They are still religious, even though their religion has no real defining characteristics.   Equally I see atheists as in the same position, we can passionately believe in what we believe, take it all on faith without any defined scripture or other trappings. We can use these beliefs to find our place in the universe, to explain why the world works as we see it and to base our actions according to these beliefs. As we can behave in a religious way, then surely by definition we are following a religion.  In the end it is a belief about the nature of God. Why should 'religion' be confined to an affirmative belief as to his nature?
Now is that supposed to be a good thing if you go to church you will vote Republican. What a crock of you know what here. That has got to be the dumbist thing I ever heard in my life.Err he was joking! emoticon_rolleyes  ... I hope!  edit: I used to go to church but now a days it has gotten phony like the RepublicansWell that proves his point doesn't it? If you can put up with the phony-ness of the church you can put up with the phony-ness of the republicans. :)  edit edit:  I am too, btw emoticon_rolleyes
What the heck is that suppose to prove. Thats right (IMO) Republicans the majority are phonys. For your info just a many Democrat go to church as well so whats that suppose to mean too. Come on Satin get with the real world. emoticon_rolleyesWhat? Huh? It wasn't supposed to prove anything. Hence the statement that I was joking. And who is Satin?  Anyway lets please stop this before it gets out of hand. In future I will know not to use jokes and/or sarcasm in my posts if it really is that easily confused with whatever you thought I was saying.  emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_frazzled emoticon_cry emoticon_rolleyes
Well, I just checked the latest poll results, 26 votes, from this thread. Allow me to spin it.   So far, only four people who voted feel threatened by atheism. Four people who perhaps frequent this board that are genuinely frightened by the idea of atheism. I was surprised so many voted neutrally, but for reasons once explained, I was in general agreement with them.  But best of all, the happiest surprise, 15 of us gave atheism in our society a postive mark. Is it somehow a coincidence that people who are attracted to debates are so accepting of atheists?
Prove that they follow a religion. Come on, On what bases do they follow?If you read my post 125 to Ghost, I think that spells out why I think atheism counts as a religion.
The Devil what do you think. I thought you were more educated than that.Ahhh Satan.  Satin is a type of silk.
Where did you come up with that nonsense? You still insist that it shoud be classify as a religion. You just don't get it do you. You can't call a glass of milk a mug of beer. Well that is what you are doing here.I see. So in response to my points you have decided that instead of actually debating them it would be far more sensible to just call them 'nonsense' and then add an inane analogy, great.  If you don't agree, why don't you actually post an argument to refute my points instead of just making sweeping statements?
He is saying that Atheism and other Religions is like calling milk and a selection of beers, drinks. Atheism is as much as a religious choice as anything else, so shouldn't they receive the same protection for choosing to reject religions and mysticism. Shouldn't it also be taught in religous education classes designed to increase awareness of other people's views?
You will more likely find irrefutable evidence that the earth is indeed flat.Unfortunatly you appear correct.   Atheism is not a religion, Clear to the end cut and dry. Jeeeeesus are you that mindless yuppies that want to change the world. You can not say a square is a circle. And that is what you are trying to do here.... emoticon_xangelOoookay. I think that is my cue to stop debating (if you can call it that!) this with sglaine.
Let me try since some seem incapable of engaging in cogent thought. :)Appreciated. It's nice to know that there is still a few people out there capable of rational debate. emoticon_rolleyes    I disagree. Atheism is the antithesis of belief. An atheist only "believes" what he/she can see, touch, smell or taste. There is NO "belief" only proof. An agnostic, IMO, is an intellectually vacuous position to hold. Basically, it's "I have no proof that God exists and I'm not willing to put in the intellectual effort to either prove or disprove his existence. I really don't care."  Admittedly in the most part, yes. However I think you do agnosticism too much discredit. That is the true system that demands proof one way or the other. Atheists believe, without proof, in the non-existence of God.   If a person has a "passionate belief in a God of their own definition", doesn't that qualify as dogma?:)Dogma is really a defined set of beliefs or doctrines. What I meant be a 'belief in a God of their own definition' was a belief in a god (or gods), but not in the strict sense as laid down by Christianity/any other religion. More of a innate belief that there is a god, but never going as far to define it.   No argument there, except that I would argue your use of the term "faith".Perhaps 'without proof' instead?   The antithesis of religion is also religion if it is a devoutly held position....... Interesting concept........That's what I believe, after all (inane analogy time!) a negative number is still a number.
So what you are saying is you can fit a circle in a square. It is not a religiion.No, what I'm saying is that unless you can spend five minutes and actually form an argument, refute my points or answer my questions instead of continually making unjustified statements I see no point in this 'debate' continuing with you.
No pal if it doesn't go your way you are like a little kid have a fit.How can it not have gone my way? There has been no bloody argument here for it to go any way at all! All you have done is stated that you don't think it is a religion and provided no justification for your beliefs. So far the only argument I have even heard from you is atheists 'do not go to church they do not partake in religious things'. When I tried to explain that that does not necessarily stop anyone from being religious you didn't respond. I am not having a fit here, but I think I am within my rights to find your attitude exasperating.   I bet you are a concervative(sic).What does that have to do with anything? Why do you feel the need to resort to continual stereotyping?
They believe in some things although they will say that they believe in nothing. It is really a very illogical positon to be an atheist.  That statement caught my attention.  Please, expound.  Waxy
I have to agree with phunting (perhaps a first). Atheists is not a lack of RELIGION it is a choice to not believe in God. They believe in some things although they will say that they believe in nothing. It is really a very illogical positon to be an atheist.  It's not a choice. If you don't, you don't. For an atheist it isn't like an even money proposition. I don't believe because I can't without some shred of evidence that does not require inference. Please elaborate on how illogical my position is and please do it logically without relying on faith based concepts.
All beleifs are illogical if you are getting to the atheism being illogical (disbeleiveing in something where you have no proof defintiely backing up a claim). But with the assumptions you need for everyday living (i.e assuming interactable objects are real and such like) there needs to be some proof to beleive in something. It is an illogical beleif as you are making essentially the same assumptions as a religous person, but as far as the real world goes it would seem to make more sense.
All beleifs are illogical if you are getting to the atheism being illogical (disbeleiveing in something where you have no proof defintiely backing up a claim). But with the assumptions you need for everyday living (i.e assuming interactable objects are real and such like) there needs to be some proof to beleive in something. It is an illogical beleif as you are making essentially the same assumptions as a religous person, but as far as the real world goes it would seem to make more sense.  Maybe I'm not getting your point but are you saying you need proof to disbelieve something? I know this has gone round but I can't see atheism as belief when by definition it is an absence of belief. What assumption is necessary to disbelieve?
The illogical part is you accept somethings without proof (as ultimately prof is impossible, in the purely phillisophical way), but demand proof for others such as God. Same is really true for any beleif, its really a all beliefs are illogical, but some are more illogical than others
The illogical part is you accept somethings without proof (as ultimately prof is impossible, in the purely phillisophical way), but demand proof for others such as God. Same is really true for any beleif, its really a all beliefs are illogical, but some are more illogical than others  So logic demands we must drain Loch Ness or concede the possibility of a plesiosaur being there? I don't recall this sort of equation in my logic class in college. The claim of invisible beings requires those making the claim to pony up not the skeptic.
No logic says that if you want to 'disbeleive' in God you need evidence to disprove it, or at least this is what I imagine the original poster ment by Atheism being an illogical beleif. - you demand proof for God, but not for the computer you are using to type your postings. However when we are dealing with realistic proof and the assumptions required for existance then Atheism makes more sense
Let's consider whether there is a distinction between these two ideas: 1) An absence of belief in X vs 2) A belief in the absence of X  Thoughts, anyone? Is the distinction worth discussing? Ultimately, I would suggest they represent the same concept... though if someone could help me make the distinction more clear, I'm sure I could be convinced otherwise. Very good indeed. Let me chew awhile.
No logic says that if you want to 'disbeleive' in God you need evidence to disprove it, or at least this is what I imagine the original poster ment by Atheism being an illogical beleif. - you demand proof for God, but not for the computer you are using to type your postings. However when we are dealing with realistic proof and the assumptions required for existance then Atheism makes more sense  While I understand what you're getting at and the logic you're using, I think it's tainted by your perspective, or more correctly perhaps the "Christian" perspective.  I try to think of things in a "ground state", ie as they first were. In order to need proof for not believing in God, you first have to have the concept  of God.  If you were talking to someone that had no concept of God, or any supernatural being, you wouldn't have to prove that he doesn't exist.  This is getting back into the whole not being able to prove a negative idea. The problem is, there has to be a BELIEF in the negative before there's any reason for it to be disproven, or to express a belief otherwise.  I know that's clear as mud, but hopefully my underlying point got through.  At any rate, even if both are flawed when it comes to the razor edge of logic, I find it hard, no, impossible, to accept someone can feel that Christianity is more logical than atheism.  Waxy  P.S. To mix what is physical (computer) with that which is spritual (God), is a poor defense of belief/logic IMHO.
I agree totally, diehard atheist here.  However not sure on the ground state thing, if they have no concept of this it doesn't mean the thing does not exist or that they don't beleive such a thing doesn't exist - the fact a child has never heard of elephants does not stop them existing. Knowledge of the concept of a thing is needed before you can believe it is true or disbelieve it.  However as Atheism is generally a disbelief in god (as if you don't understand the concept of God then you would never have heard of the concept of Atheism - neither exist to you) you are relying on absence of physical proof (you essentailly have a hearsay kind of proof as you have been told he exists) and you are choosing to beleive that this physcial evidence (or absence of it) is dominant over the hearsay evidence (a positive in this case, even if the eventual belief is negative).  I dunno, I can see how Atheism can be shown to be illogical purely on semantics, but I doubt anyone can show a way for religion to be more logical way. Surely to follow the same extremes the religous person would have to beelive everything they are ever told, including when someone tells them that a previous peice of evidence is wrong. The human brain just isn't wired to believe two contradictory things at once (though it copes by ignoring one at a time) in the same way as it is wired to assume what its sense tell it is true (even when they may not be)  But we are geting silly now.
Sigh. Not really sure why I continue to respond to these, oh well...   Boy you are way off note. Like always . And the reason for stereo typing is because it is a yuppie crazzeee..... Haaa Haaa All of you do it in one shape or form.If anyone else posted this I would think they were being sarcastic. How can you seriously say that stereotyping is the fault of 'the yuppies', do you not see the contradiction in the statement?   So don't tell me how perfect you or any body else is because there not.Where did this come from? I said nothing of the sort.   Christins(sic) have a religion. Atheist don't. Catholics have a religion Atheist do not. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel Learn it know it use it. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangelDo you not understand, this is not a valid argument? You just keep on stating your own opinion without anything whatsoever to back it up. You have to give reasons to why you think this way otherwise it is just meaningless.  So for the last bloody time: why don't you classify atheism as a religion?
I have to agree with phunting (perhaps a first). Huzzah! There's a first for everything!  ... didn't last long though:   Atheists is not a lack of RELIGION it is a choice to not believe in God. They believe in some things although they will say that they believe in nothing. It is really a very illogical positon to be an atheist.I don't think it is illogical, or at least no more so that an affirmative belief in God. Most proper atheists I think would admit that they do believe in things, it is just the christian stereotype and angry kids who claim to believe in 'nothing'.
I don't look at it that way. It's easy to prove that something exists. It only takes one piece of evidence to prove, but to prove a negative requires one to rule out all else. For example, to prove the existence of a 4 leaf clover only requires one example to prove, but to say that there is no such thing as a 5 leaf clover requires one to examine every clover leaf to prove that the statement is true. Agnostics chose not to look exhaustively for proof or lack of proof. At least Atheists are intellectually honest enough to not hedge and say that since there is no concrete proof, there is no God.I totally agree, though I do still feel you are being overly hard on agnosticism. I think it is a fair enough position to say that there are some things that will, and by their very nature can, never be proven.   I was playing with the language. Dogma is a set of deeply held beliefs without proof. What you defined met the definition of dogma. :)I see. Well we are just arguing over semantics here then :)
I'm reminded of an old Monty Python skit on the Argument Clinic: http://www.duke.edu/~pms5/humor/argument.html   :)Isn't it just! With special note to:  Palin: "An argument is an intellectual process. Contradiction is just the automatic gainsaying of any statement the other person says."  Clease: "No it isn't."  If only we could have Flying Thompson's Gazelle of the Yard come along and arrest him!
Of course it is the falt of the yupppies they think they have a concept but thay are off base. They want change the world they have messed that all up too.But you are just making irrational stereotypes here, surely that is just as bad as when 'yuppies' do it.   Are you a yuppie there pudding?LOL I'm almost tempted to add that to my sig! And no, I'm not a yuppie here sweetie.   I see that you are tweeked. You see you have your beleifs and I have mine what you say just dont mesh.This is not what annoys me. I fully accept my beliefs are different from the vast majority of people here, and it is for that very reason that I enjoy discussing them. What frustrates me is when my beliefs are just ridiculed without any valid reason, logic or proof.   I thing your on a fair island the way you talk.I am indeed British.   And for the bloodth last time I am going to yopur thick head of yoursNone of that, thank you.   Atheism does not fall under religion nor does golf fit under as sking. Atheist do not beleive in religion and you fools can not classify some thing that is not classifyable. Understand that will you.Well, no. Because you won't give any reasons for it.
To me, saying that there are some things that can never be proven, and accepting that position as fact,I'm not agnostic, yet I fully accept that some things cannot be proven. It may well be possible to disprove the existence of any specific belief, but not the entire possibility of a supreme being.   is the intellectual equivalent of crying "Uncle". :)Sorry, I don't get the reference.   A rose by any other name...... :)It would indeed... unless it was called a stinkweed.
An agnostic, IMO, is an intellectually vacuous position to hold. Basically, it's "I have no proof that God exists and I'm not willing to put in the intellectual effort to either prove or disprove his existence. I really don't care."     Hi JP,   I'm actually an agnostic, but for shorthand reasons I've simply gone to calling myself atheist rather than getting bogged down in the definition and not discussing the substance.  IMO, agnosticism is simply the truest position a person can possess. Your five-leaf clover example will suffice. We can never be expected to examine every last clover stalk on the earth, and every other hospitable planet in the universe, before becoming five-leaf clover atheists. But one certainly can be agnostic about it after an exhaustive search reveals no such thing. It also does not preclude the fact that some odd mutation is not at this very moment, or some time in the future, producing one. For that reason, agnosticism becomes a honest conclusion. Certainly not a vacuous one, which is another reason I will sometimes define myself as an atheist. I don't want people assuming I'm riding fences and too lazy to get down.  You would make a fine agnostic. I hope you continue exploring.  regards
I agree totally, diehard atheist here.  However not sure on the ground state thing, if they have no concept of this it doesn't mean the thing does not exist or that they don't beleive such a thing doesn't exist - the fact a child has never heard of elephants does not stop them existing. Knowledge of the concept of a thing is needed before you can believe it is true or disbelieve it.  Very true.   However as Atheism is generally a disbelief in god (as if you don't understand the concept of God then you would never have heard of the concept of Atheism - neither exist to you) you are relying on absence of physical proof (you essentailly have a hearsay kind of proof as you have been told he exists) and you are choosing to beleive that this physcial evidence (or absence of it) is dominant over the hearsay evidence (a positive in this case, even if the eventual belief is negative).  I guess that's where my "ground state" idea comes in. If there is no God, or there was no concept of God, then Atheism would not exist. Therefore, I view atheism as being "first", or the ground state.  Surely to follow the same extremes the religous person would have to beelive everything they are ever told, including when someone tells them that a previous peice of evidence is wrong. The human brain just isn't wired to believe two contradictory things at once (though it copes by ignoring one at a time) in the same way as it is wired to assume what its sense tell it is true (even when they may not be)  This is one of, if not THE, biggest "problem" I have with believers - the use of logic and reason only when it fits their agenda, and then falling back onto faith whenever the going gets tough.  I actually have more respect for someone that says "I believe in the Bible and feel no need to justify that belief in any way." than someone that tries to justify or support their belief in God and the Bible using science and logic.  Waxy
 I said you are not qualified to DEFINE love as you cannot see everything. To say that what God did or does is not love is a little like the pot telling the potter that he should have swirled more at the top.   EF,  I understand what you are saying, thank you for your fuller response. Unfortunately I don't believe I can agree with you. Is it your contention we cannot define anything unless we are omniscient? Would that defense work at my murder trial if I went on a spree? Since we can't see everything, I could contend that we don't properly know the definition of murder and whether it wasn't for the best.  I think I can define love, its three broad meanings: between two people, between friends and family, and with humanity and nature in general. I have numerous problems with God's actions in the O.T. and N.T. as they relate to love, and I have, in effect, put him on trial. As a prosecutor, I most definitely would be pressing the issue that not only should the pot have been more swirled at the top, but it should have been made without the holes in the bottom. You, as the defense attorney, can only respond that I have no business claiming to know what a pot should look like.     He did not give man everything he needed to see the future. Why is seeing the future so important. Because to truly love someone we must know what is REALLY for their best, not just the best in the next twenty minutes, but what will benefit them most for a lifetime. Our (humans) view is far too limited to truly discern. It is one of the reasons that dependence on God is the only real way to love.   I know when my wife comes home from work today, I'll happily sit with her on the porch outside listening to how her day was, and later we'll enjoy a quiet meal together and we'll probably plan our weekend. I know at every step what I've done is best for her, because I love her now. What happens in twenty years is beyond us, but if I'm gone I hope the memory of quiet spring evenings with her husband fill her with peace.   To interject another entity into the equation only detracts from the attention we can give each other, IMO. And he's constantly asking for more and more of it.   regards
I guess that the problem I have with Agnostics is that the ones that I've been exposed to hold that position out of apathy, not conviction, hence the quote below:I see. Although in my experience it has been the other way around, that the ones who are really just apathetic call themselves atheists because they have never looked into the subject to hear or understand agnosticism. I do see your point, and there are many who do take this disinterest. However they exist in all branches of religion, and while atheism/agnosticism may be stereotyped as having more than the usual, that does not mean those who strongly and intelligently hold these beliefs are less validated.   Crying "Uncle" is a uniquely American expression meaning: to give up, concede, plead for mercy, ask for quarter, etc., http://www.quinion.com/words/qa/qa-say1.htmInteresting. Being a Brit I'd never heard it before. Strange that the origin is unknown, and I've had thought for the Latin theory to be true it would have shown up in English 'English' as well. We truly are 'two nations divided by a common language'.
Were you not the one who said you did not believe that God was a loving God, if he existed because of the things that the old testament attributes to him. If you are (and I apologize if I am wrong on this, not posting often sometimes muddies my thinking) then you are the one who brought the outside being into it. .  EF,  No, I don't believe it was me. I understand how you may get confused with postings -- different threads, infrequent visits and looking for a job -- but we weren't exploring that topic here.   Additionally, I am not arguing for or against the existence of God merely that it is illogical, if we assume his existence, for you or I to tell God what love is.  You're correct in your statement. It's the assumption I have trouble with.
"There is far more proof needed to reasonably believe what's asserted in the Bible than there are for most things. "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" - Carl Sagan. I think that statement really is true. Just imagine a couple statements I could make and what the proper reactions should be to them.    1. I was sitting in my room last night and I got a call from a friend of mine.  The normal response is "ok". Everybody has phones, most people have friends, people calling their friends is a very normal thing to do... if this is the only statement I make about that call, there's really no reason for anybody to question the validity of it.   2. I was sitting in my room last night, and a stranger wearing a black trenchcoat came and knocked on my door.  This statement should be questioned somewhat. A person wearing a black trenchcoat during the summer in Florida is odd, but not the craziest thing anyone's ever seen probably... it does need to be explained though.. more detail is needed to conclude that this probably did happen. I should be able to explain the reason this happened adequately for somebody to believe that this actually happened.  3. Last night I was sitting in my room and the walls started bleeding, then several of our founding fathers' ghosts walked out of my closet and told me it was my mission to make sure that church and state remain seperate.  Everyone that hears me say that, should automatically say "no", until I provide some amazing, concrete proof of that. We know about the physical makeup of my bedroom walls, they can't bleed. The idea of ghosts from the past coming to visit people I would imagine is 100% foreign to just about everyone... so nobody's word should be taken on that either.    This is the problem with the resurrection and miracles of Jesus... believers think we should believe it's true and just give it the kind of inspection like in number 1 or maybe number 2, but they're things that nobody living today has actually witnessed anything similar to... it defies the laws of science and nature to the extent that we know them... and the closest evidence we have of them is a couple eye-witness accounts (questionably), which weren't even written within 15 years of his death. There is no rational basis for believing it based on this... ANY feasible explanation that falls within the realm of reason and nature should ALWAYS be taken over any explanation which turns to the supernatural and irrational."  -mD
Would it be classified as beleiving in a god to just beleive a higher being exists in general? Also, one guy was argueing with me and told me that when god created man, that it didn't state anything about neandrethals but they do exist. He said that god created neandrethals along with man. Can anyone tell me how he can infer this when the bible just states Man  If that doesn't make sense, please tell me
He may be referring to the difference between Genesis 1: 26 &#8211; 28 where the Bible stated that God created mankind with His spoken word like He created the other creatures and told them to go all over the earth and subdue it. I can understand this as being separate beings. These were not human beings as we are, these were the inhabitants he spoke into existence. Were they cavemen/Neanderthals? I don&#8217;t know. I haven&#8217;t found enough written proof of that yet. In the second chapter God &#8220;forms&#8221; man from the dust of the earth and breathes Life into him. He then takes a rib from man and makes woman. He also makes them a special place called Eden where they can live forever &#8211; if they do as He says. See the difference from what he tells mankind in Chapter 1 ( go all over the earth) to what he gives Adam and Eve (Eden &#8211; one place to live) in Chapter 2?  I hope this makes the cloud a little less dense. Thank you.
This statement is wrong. People from hundreds of years before Jesus was born prophesied that a baby would be born, in Bethlehem, of a virgin. There were over 50 more prophesies that were made about his life, and the sacrafice he made to pay for the sins of man, and the bigest one of all...He completely fufilled scripture when he rose from the dead. These men were inspired by Jesus, God, how can you argue that he is not the christ? The odds of one man filling all the prophesies is impossible. And these scriptures have been unchanged for the past 2000-2500 approx years! Thats proof for me that Jesus existed and that he is God. PM me if you like.  The egyptians predicted his birth, death, WWI, WWII, and they have predict the supposed end of the world. Are you saying that this religion was wrong? They predicted a lot more that I have not put that have come true.
This statement is wrong. People from hundreds of years before Jesus was born prophesied that a baby would be born, in Bethlehem, of a virgin. There were over 50 more prophesies that were made about his life, and the sacrafice he made to pay for the sins of man, and the bigest one of all...He completely fufilled scripture when he rose from the dead. These men were inspired by Jesus, God, how can you argue that he is not the christ? The odds of one man filling all the prophesies is impossible. And these scriptures have been unchanged for the past 2000-2500 approx years! Thats proof for me that Jesus existed and that he is God. PM me if you like.  I forgot to add something else. Some people in India that he did not actually die but he lived to be 86 years old. He was helped off of the cross. Are you saying that these people are wrong (they have a tomb there)
 I like to call him "God."  Why does it have to be male? Or god?    I don't believe you have to be Christian to get into heaven. I don't care what others say. I refuse to believe that a rabbi is going to hell. That's just... stupid.  Stupid or not, that's what the Bible says. It would seem that these days, people just pick and choose what they want to believe from the Bible. I understand that the Bible is able to be interpreted different ways, but people-- come on! It seems that people only believe what suits them instead of taking the whole thing as a package deal.    Yes. I find it's quite more calming to believe in something, though. You have less a chance of going insane. Er, I don't quite understand this. Me and my voices here have been wondering what this means, but we haven't reached a conlcusion. Could you help us? ;)
So I've heard a lot of people say that "God loves" or "God hates" or some other phrase which assumes that God has human emotions. How can you compare how human beings feel and interact to the way an omnipotent and omniscient being could "feel"? What motivates God? If He has the power to know, see, and do everything, what "feelings" or purposes would guide His actions. We can't assume in this case that God has feelings like loneliness or affection because these are human emotions and would make him an imperfect being (as humans are called when compared to deities). So how can you make the assumption that He can love or hate?  Also, when answering, don't quote Scripture. If I wanted to ask the Bible, I would read it. I'm asking for your thoughts and ideas, not quotes from a book.
I would imagine that God would be very sad and depressed... because thats the way I feel when I see famine, war, dying children, people hating people for no good reason and the list goes on...... Maybe his guilt is so overwhelming this is what prevents him from showing up.
If we were created in God's image, then it would make sense that equally our emotions are a reflection of God's emotions. That our emotions are imperfect versions of his.  Of course I would personally say that when man invented god, they felt the need to give him human characteristics in order to make their invention more understandable. And to assist in the oppression of others by the ever-present threat of an 'angry god who will smite you'. An 'ambivalent god who is above that sort of thing' just isn't as good at convincing people that whatever you say is right.
Man cannot invent anything that did not already exist in form. Did we invent the wheel, or discover the idea? Did the Wright brothers invent machine powered flight, or was it that they stumbled upon it? In every culture, in every society, man looks to something greater than himself. They simple don't leave it at themselves and be done with it.So that would mean that every religion ever conceived must be totally correct, as it can't have been invented if it didn't already exist.  Equally the giant pink and blue aardvark of flaming destruction that I just invented must already exist as well. Cool.
A Russian scientist visiting an American University said "Either there is a God or there isn't. Both possibilities are frightening!" This is so true. If there is a God, we need to find out who He is and what he wants. If there is no God, we are in trouble. We are then hurtling through space at 66,000 mph and no one is in charge. If you ask me, both possibilities are extremely frightening. So I look at your question I see that it first assumes that there is a God and it questions the "who He is and what he wants" aspect of this situation. So if He is perfect can he have emotions? And are human emotions really 'human' or something we get from God when he made us in his image? Well, I'm not gonna quote scripture but the Bible implies that God doesn't just have love but he is love itself. For some strange reason this makes sense to me, because we know the physical aspects of this world but we hardly experience the spiritual aspects of our souls, we can kinda sense that there's more to ourselves then brains that have feelings because of chemical reactions. Yet it's very easy to write it off as just that. Since the question assumes the existence of a God we then have decided that there is this Spirit that exists as a spirit (along with Jesus who came to earth in physical form) we can then decide that we have souls inside ourselves (well not so much inside ourselves as actually ourselves). These souls were made in Gods image, emotions we feel aren't weakness our sinful natures can make us feel rage and hatred and it's okay to hate what is evil (people aren't evil they've just fallen) we can hate sin in the same way God does. God hates the sin but loves the sinner just as we all should.Hello and welcome void, and damn good post.  I agree with you totally, should God exist that is exactly how I would see emotions.  And yes it is frightening, but when was life anything but?
I don`t really know, as I`m not a christian. But couldn`t it be so that love is actually the "normal state". I mean, if we say that good cannot have emotions, then some kind of state of mind must be the natural state of mind that is when we don`t have any feelings. Perhaps that state of mind would be love?   Wow... kind of hippie-ish ;)
Haha, no not like that. It's not the fact that every religion is right, or that their god exists, but A god. I've already said that we cannot invent anything that is not already. (I love philosophy, but it's so hard to word correctly) Does that make sense. And while not all gods are true, the idea of a god is.Yeah, I do understand where you are coming from actually, I was just being facetious. Sorry. But I don't agree.  However as God hasn't been 'discovered' yet, at least not beyond reasonable doubt, I think it is still reasonable to suppose that he could just be an invention of man.
Would you believe that He has felt every emotion... - He has not only felt those things, but has dealt with them and has subdued them.    That's one of the reasons I've begun objecting publically against Christianity. God wants so much for you to deny your human senses and instead turn toward misery, the sackcloth and ashes bit, subdue your emotions and please the Lord.   I enjoy my senses and emotions to the maximum.
You said Christianity. Is that what you meant? I never learned it that way, nor have I read it that way.  Christianity is all I feel competent to comment on.    I love my emotions - glad He made them. Although, I had hard time subduing some of them...you know: Lust, greed...the bad ones. emoticon_smile   We should debate those deadly sins sometime Big Orn, just to see how fatal they are. For instance, who did you allow to define greed to you?
You have so soon forgotten that I have not always been a Christian?   No, I haven't forgotten that, but in answer to my question: how did you come to identify greed?
True, but why would God want to be discovered like you want Him to? So many today think that God can be proven away with a litmus test or found in a beaker. It just isn't so. Science cannot discover what goes beyond its scope.I do take your point here totally. I am just saying that the statement that 'God can't be invented because humanity can only discover, not invent' would only be applicable if he had been proven by 'litmus and beaker' as you say. This is not to say this means he doesn't exist at all, just that it isn't a valid argument in this case to confirm his existance.
we could simply be jumping in and out of reality as chaos determined. While this is an interesting idea and something you should at least wonder about, I don't think it's so.I don't quite follow what you mean by that, could you extrapolate?   My definition of God is taken from the philosopher Anselm (I will not quote, for I do not remember it with clarity) who said something like this; the idea of God Himself is perfection. When you speak of God you imagine (as well as an imperfect being can, I suppose) a perfect being. Is it more perfect to exist or not to exist, to remain an idea or to fulfill the potential of being? Since it is better to exist than to not, God therefore must exist, for the definition of God is perfect. That's one of the ways I view things.This of course assumes that it is possible for pure perfection to exist, which is something I personally don't believe can. Very interesting however...
But if he doesn't want us do deny emotions, then why does he condemn several of them as 'sins'. These are natural human emotions that need to be understood, to indiscriminately label them all as just sins, no matter the cause or outcome seems very repressive.
 With me wearing cheap lace-up boots while the other boys had penny loafers, sneakers, Tony Lama's or the like, I grew to want more than I needed.   I don't think a young boy wanting a nicer pair of boots is a good definition of greed. It's more about experiencing what it is to be human, IMO, and finding positive ways to get oneself into a new pair.   I think you made my point Big Orn: whip out the sackcloth and start sprinkling yourself. Anything more is troubling to God. If he leaned over his throne and saw you wearing a shiny new pair of Justin's, well, let's say his eyebrows would furrow.
"A sinner can't find God for the same reasons a thief can't find a policeman."  Because God's at Dunkin' Donuts?
Does that explain my position better?I understand your position, but it seems to me to be a more sensible position based on Christian teachings, rather than the direct teachings of the bible itself. The 'seven deadly sins' for example, all appear to be condemned emotions. Listing them in such a way doesn't appear to say that it is the action that is the sin, but the very emotion itself.   Lust is an indication of desire for something forbidden. While it is an emotion and jesus says he who looks on another woman with lust in his heart has committed the sin of adultery, the point Jesus is making is that the condition of the heart is what is important. It is an indicator that I have put sexual relations with a woman who is not my wife above God. I have now begun to treat this woman as an object. That is the true sin, not the emotion, but rather the way I think about this woman. The emotion is what notifies us of problems in our thinking and actions, it is why they are there. To make them paramount over our thinking is sinful, to ignore them altogether is just as sinful.But this does not make it a sin. It is an indication that something is wrong with the relationship, but not a sin. I see this the equivalent of saying that 'pain is a sin', labelling the effect and not the cause as the problem.
Ok, so let's say the universe is only chaotic and random. By random, I mean that there is no constant and that existence is real at various points by the roll of the cosmos' dice. If that would be true, then existence (what we perceive to be true; everyday life, you, me, everyone) would not exist in a stream, but in short fragments. Look at it this way. Imagine that the characters in a book are real, and only have existence when being read. So, with that laid on the table (yeah, I know, this is weird) you're reading a book, and the characters in the book are experiencing existence. But then you put down the book to take a short break and grab a snack. The universe for them stops, but are they aware of it, or is the lapse of their existence as seamless as dozing off without realizing it, coming right back into play whenever you decide to get back into it? So if we exist at random intervals, then would we know it? I hope that clarified somehow.I see. Thats a fascinating idea. I wouldn't see how we possibly could be aware of such a thing. And as such I couldn't say it isn't so. But would it actually matter really?   But if pure perfection exists, would we ourselves be able to experience the breadth of it, not being perfect ourselves?I don't see how we could.
When you say that it is not a sin, then you misunderstand 'sin' in the Christian sense.  God gave us choices, follow Him, or disobey Him.  He drew our attention to what He 'wants' and these include moral laws.  If you disobey these laws, even if you don't think there's anything wrong with it, it matters not, for it is still a sin, and causes your separation from God.  Pain, spiritual hurt, is an indication of sin. It is not natural. We know it, and we feel it.But is lust, for example, in itself a sin? Or is it necessary to act on this for it to become a sin? I would say that the Bible states it is not just the act, but the emotion, which is the sin.  So if the very feeling of lust is disobeying the laws, then what chance to we have of obeying them as our inherant nature forces us to do otherwise?
Lust is a sin, by its very nature it is an un-natural craving or excessive desire.I totally disagree with your definition. Lust is sexual desire, and as such totally natural.  I pretty much see this with all the 'sins', they are natural desires, not good or bad in them selves. True on the whole they are some of the more 'destructive' ones, but that does not make them wrong, or something to be oppressed.  In my mind the sins are natural emotions because the church knows we cannot help feeling them. By keeping subjects guilty over their very humanity it can keep them under it's control.
God has emotions wow. That has got to be ridicules thing I heard in the old days you talked like that they would send you to a cuckoo farm. God loves you God hate s you etc etc etc. What a bunch of hog wash. What do people mean by that? You would think god sat down and had breakfast with you or something like that. emoticon_wow
God has emotions wow. That has got to be ridicules (sic) thing I heard in the old days you talked like that they would send you to a cuckoo farm. God loves you God hate s you etc etc etc. What a bunch of hog wash. What do people mean by that? You would think god sat down and had breakfast with you or something like that. emoticon_wowGod is frequently referred to in the Bible as having emotions, so I doubt the church of old would have had too much of a problem with the idea.  Your analogy is wrong, because God has emotions that doesn't mean that he is somehow made human. If we were made in his image then it would make perfect sense that what we consider emotions are a reflection of his.
God is frequently referred to in the Bible as having emotions, so I doubt the church of old would have had too much of a problem with the idea.  Your analogy is wrong, because God has emotions that doesn't mean that he is somehow made human. If we were made in his image then it would make perfect sense that what we consider emotions are a reflection of his. Sure Bud, But it is still wrong because if you see god or talk to god your NUTS God is dead and has been for quit a while now. The Devil live's on. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel
Identification with Jesus is what leads to salvation. This is not just avoidance of punishment,but actually being declared righteous, and being adopted into the family of GOd.  Epaphras[/QUOTE] Prove it. That Jeesus leads us to salvation. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel
Sure Bud, But it is still wrong because if you see god or talk to god your NUTS God is dead and has been for quit a while now.How does that show that God has no emotions?   The Devil live's on. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangelSurely to take the position that the Devil lives takes as much faith as the position that God does.
By looking at the seven deadly sins you limit yourself to the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church and miss out the position of the protestants,of which I am one.So how does yuour church differ in teachings of the sins? I was under the impression that they were part of both catholic and protestant dogma.   Your last paragraph is correct except that lust is an emotion coupled with an action. The actions are sinful.I understand your position here, but it does appear to be different from the position of most Christians in the matter, who see the very emotion as sinful IMHO.   Here is the last thing. The majority of protestant churches teach salvation by Grace through faith regardless of the sins committed. Again, appreciated. Yet this does not stop them criticising that which I consider to be natural and harmless.   We in our judicial system may condemn to prison or physical death, but only the creator has the right to condemn to final death. Personally, I would not want anyone else to do it. No one else would know enough.But surely nobody else has the power anyway, so the point is moot.   I hope this answers well. I apologize for the tardiness of the response. I am still not online as often as I want. Thanks for your graciousness with time to respond.Not at all. We all appreciate that not everyone has nothing better to do but be online all day!
Love leads to desire  Hate leads to lust   It is true we oft sin, but it is not our natural state, but is a consequence of the fall.But what of a hatred of an inequality, that leads to social change for the better? Hatred of an injustice that saves the same happening to others?  Lust is also just an emotion, a natural reaction to what we find attractive that works inherently for the continuation of the species. And in sociological terms as well it can be positive, a marriage with no lust in it is not a very positive thing and is probably doomed.
1) Jesus doesn't just lead us, he is salvation.I know this has nothing to do with either your post or the thread, but something occurred to me when reading it.  If Jesus is the only way to salvation what of those people who lived before the 1st coming (if that is the correct term!). If Jesus is the only way then they cannot have been saved, however if salvation didn't require Jesus before hand then isn't it a bit unfair to have the goal posts moved like that?
I think the issue of the seven deadly sins is rather a red-herring.  They are simply one church's attempt to categorise sins, because (some) people want to know what to do and what not to do, to avoid separating themselves from God.This seems to imply that protestant churches don't believe in the seven deadly sins, is this true?   However, James Hogg lampooned this Protestant notion in his book (which from memory)* is called "Confessions of a Justified Sinner" in which he says that once he's received his justification -through declaration of faith, as Protestants do, then he is free from worry, and can commit any sin he wants.This is exactly my problem in many respects too. Christians seem to concerned with the sin itself (which can be repented easily enough) as oppose to the actual causes and consequences of the action. Yes I know this is not how God intends it, but it is still my impression of how a lot of believers act.   Romans 2 deals with this.Cheers, I'll have a look.    Now we are getting into semantics. Like "If I hate the enemy of my friend am I doing the right thing?"I'd argue semantics over your use of the term semantics here! But anyway... While hate is for the most part a destructive emotion, it can and has been channelled and used for good. I disagree with seeing it in such black and white terms.   Lust is a negative reaction. It is a form of hate. If I hate my neighbour, I desire what he has, that is, I want to deprive him of what is his.Sure, in some cases it can be negative, but so can everything. What of lust for one you love, how can that be negative?   Lust is also a form of self-hate. I hate myself, so I don't respect others; and I want to own/control them, or use them for my own pleasure.I totally disagree. I have lust for many, many things. It is a natural desire, it doesn't mean I hate myself, or want control or ownership over others.   And of marriage? Love is what you feel for your partner if you respect them. If you see your partner as an object, a means of self-pleasure then you lust after them.In my relationships I have had strong love and lust for my partner. The two aren't mutually exclusive. To lust after something isn't necessarily objectification, it is a deep desire for someone on a physical and emotional level. It does not mean any loss of respect.   Lust in marriage is liken to rape.It certainly isn't rape. In fact I'd say sex without lust is more like rape, because it is missing the inherent desire for the act.
.  Lust is wrong.  Hate is wrong.  Fighting hate with hate is wrong.    Lust is a negative reaction. It is a form of hate. If I hate my neighbour, I desire what he has, that is, I want to deprive him of what is his.  Lust is also a form of self-hate. I hate myself, so I don't respect others; and I want to own/control them, or use them for my own pleasure.  And of marriage? Love is what you feel for your partner if you respect them. If you see your partner as an object, a means of self-pleasure then you lust after them.  Lust in marriage is liken to rape.[/QUOTE] How in the heck is lust a hate please explain that one. emoticon_confused I was aways thought lust is a happy thing and you are not making any sense here. and were do you get lust in a marriage? emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xdonno
 Lust is a negative reaction. It is a form of hate. If I hate my neighbour, I desire what he has, that is, I want to deprive him of what is his.   Ok, you're saying that if anyone every wants anything or is envious (see also "covets") of a neighbour's possession, that means that I hate that person because of it. Isn't that how most people end up wanting something, because they see someone who has it and they imagine themselves with it. This does not mean that they hate that person because they desire the object in their possession because by that logic you are assuming that the only way to procure said object is to steal from or kill that person which is most likely not the case. Competing for resources is a natural instinct, so wanting something that my neighbour wants is purely an instictual urge to compete with my neighbour. And competition is not inherently evil, is it?  Also, is it wrong to harbor a feeling and not act on it? Most dictionaries will say that lust is a purely mental concept that requires no action. Is it wrong to feel sexually attracted to someone because of their looks? This is also instinctual. Why would a religion support the supression of instinctive emotions conveniently labeled lust and envy? Or does this go back to the orignial flaw that caused the Original Sin? If so, it was God's wish to give us the capacity to lust and envy, so who are we to say otherwise. Anyway you put it, I can't see how a religion can justify condemning thoughts of lust and envy without action (unless they're the Thought Police), as the definitions of these words do not imply physical action at all but merely a mental action.
Haven't read any of the thread, and only the title. The answer is simple, "no". Emotions are the result of various electrochemical reactions and synaptic discharges; that is, they are physical. God is spirit - He is not in emotions. He is in morality. By "love" we, of course, do not mean the emotion - that would be absurd. By love I mean that which multiplies and facilitates goodness. Wow what a great way of putting that one across. emoticon_xhoho emoticon_xhoho emoticon_xhoho
I would submit that your definition of emotion as mere chemical reaction ASSUMES the non existence of God. If you compare God to this definition it is nonsensical. If you assume there is a God then by necessity He has emotions. There is nothing, nothing, nothing, either historical or scriptural to imply that God, any God, doesn't have emotions. There is no nonemotive God in any theology. Ever.   The only one I can think of also denies the existence of God and that is the whole scientology stuff. Look if you think that God has emotions you better find a mental health worker. Also I don't think he said that there was no God.
On what do you base your reasoning for saying God does not have emotions. Kind of you to attack and insult and not back up your argument. If I am talking about the God of the bible, and I am then I have shown scripture to point to God's emotions. For you to say that I need a mental health worker is ad hominem at best. At worst you are showing yourself to be silly. Not silly my friend just being truthful.. emoticon_xdonno
uh...........truthful would require you to speak a fact. All you did was state an opinion based on zero reasoning. That is not truthful but silly. You obviously have zero command of the english language and your concept of logic is barely beyond that of a 1st grader. If you disagree then back it up or shut up. Oh come on now you are not being a Christian. Haaaa Haaa all of your opinion has no meaning ether. I'll give you meaning plain and simple even a yuppie can figure it out. If you think god has emotions you must think you have breakfast with him or something. No I am smart enough to know that God is not here just in spirit. And you guys are acting like he is in your living room or something. I'm sorry but I don't buy that hogwash. emoticon_xhoho
I am enjoying this discussion. As to this, MOntalban is on the right track. Hebrews chapter 11 also answers this question. However, from a philosophical view consider:Thanks, interesting and certainly nothing I'd disagree with (!).   You see, the majority of christians do seem to act the way you say. It is a sad commentary for the church. Believers lives really ought to look different. If we truly believe what GOd has said, we should act that way. Just as an atheist believes there is no God then they act that way.I agree, and it is certainly why many become disillusioned with it, as they see it rampant with hypocrisy.    Lying becomes just a necessary tool in the hands of an atheist.I'm not really sure what mean by that.    My church is different. Or at least, I think so. I have seen many people come in hurting. I have seen them reveal their addictions to those they trusted in the church and watched the members say, "you are okay" They have said this even if they did not stop their addiction (sin). GOd has declared me righteous. If I have an addiction (mine is codependency) then the church should be a place where the sick, sore, wounded and hated can come and find healing, rest, and love. This is what my church believes.Which church do you belong to?   Perhaps the difference is my church believes that we all sin. We are not better than you because we are christian. Even a blind squirrel gets an acorn. I am one blessed squirrel. I am not better than you. I am living under the grace of GOd. You can too. Just because you may choose not to, does not make me better than you. Those that condemn, do so out of their flawed selves. That does not make you better than them. We are all flawed. The question is how are you and I going to deal with that. We can try to live up to the law of God and be perfect all on our own. However, given that we are flawed, that is impossible. It is only by trusting in the grace of God that it is at all possible.That is a very enlightened point of view, but unfortunately one that very few people (whatever their religion) seem to share.
Making a list of, or grouping sins is besides the point, hence the use of the term red-herring.Agreed.   Well I did give you the relevant verse, but no worries.Yes, but I think it is always best to read the verse in context.   You have said you disagree with the definitions but then ask for the definitions. I am confused.Sorry, I wasn't being entirely serious there, it was just that I wouldn't have termed that issue as semantics myself, but that is an irrelevancy..   I have stated that sin is the removal of us from God, and stated an example; lust. Which you then say is not a sin, but a positive, and then ask what is sin?Personally, as an atheist, I would say that sin is a problematic term that doesn't really exist. From a Christian point of I would say it is an action that goes against God's will, but not necessarily just an emotion, which we are powerless to avoid experiencing.   That's rather odd. If love transforms to lust then it's no longer love! You can't have negative love. It's like saying I've painted my house black-white. Hate is negative.Again, I just don't see them as opposites, but just two different emotions.   Yes, I understand that you do disagree, but I'm still confused as to what it is you're driving at. I state the Christian view, which is what you want, then you say that lust is good... that a negative is good.Of course. I can't say I really had a specific point, I was just curious about sin being the emotion or the action, because IMHO one can never control the emotion and I feel it is even counter-productive to label it as a sin.   No, desire from love leads to respectful marriage. Sex can be a result of love, or of hate. If you love, your coming together for sex is not for yourself, but for the other. If you lust, then you are acting upon your own desires, and possibly your partner is doing the same thing, so you believe that just because you're both using each other to get off, that it's love. That's more like a social contract - let's have sex with each other, so that you'll pleasure me, and I'll pleasure you.  In your case perhaps, it is the act of two individuals coming together to use one another, and feeling good, because you both at least got something out of it.  Love would be let me give myself to you, let me make you happy, let me cease to be.I see what you are saying, but I believe both are possible at once. You can have sex not just for yourself, not just for the other but for both of you, you love the person and want to give yourself for them but also feel lust for them and want be with them yourself.
Just a tidbit: http://home.neo.rr.com/bradspad/ocean_of_emotion.htm What is that suppose to mean and what authority does that guy have about religion? Most of his links wont open and there are annyoing popups to go with all of that.
...the point is that if there is no standard for behavior which lies outside of the human realm, (ie God) then there really is no standard at all.  [emphasis added] Wow! He nailed this one on the head!  Now... assuming there is a God and this God does set a standard for us... how can we KNOW what this standard is? Where do we find this standard? Obviously, we cannot rely solely on the Bible, because there are so many different and varying interpretations of the Bible by those who proclaim that their standards are solely from the Bible. So, how can we KNOW which standard (based on the Bible or otherwise) is the RIGHT standard?  Are you suggesting that YOU KNOW the ONE RIGHT WAY to live? The ONE RIGHT WAY to believe? And that all other ways of believing and interpreting God's intentions are WRONG?   It is big enough to deal with even my flaws. I occasionally have insulted or attacked people on this board. It is not my desire,but I have done it. I seek not to and continue to learn and grow.   So, do you really contend that you are flawed? I guarantee you that you are not intrinsically flawed. I guarantee you that this is a matter of perspective.
Thiest: I believe in God?  What is God as best defined by you?  Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in?
Thiest: I believe in God?  What is God as best defined by you?  Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in? I have been asking that for 10 years now and get a lot of different answers Haaa Haaa When you can find someone that is lodgical about the subject you will find out but until that time it is like looking for a needle in a hay stack.
I have been asking that for 10 years now and get a lot of different answers Haaa Haaa When you can find someone that is lodgical about the subject you will find out but until that time it is like looking for a needle in a hay stack.  Surely this question be easy enough to answer.   Any rational thinking thiest want to give my question a shot?
phuntin,  it is asking to define the undefinable. Humans are limited creatures, we can give a dictionary definition of these things, we have a rough idea of the concept of infinity but can never begin to truly comprehend or define it.  So now you have said that god is undefinable or often said "supernatural".  So the discussion follows...  T:I believe in God A:What is God? T:I dont know.  Montalban,  Your question itself is a problem. God is 'He who is', not a 'what'.  You've avoided the question. God does not fill the word "who" because to most accounts he is not a person, or being.  But for your sake I will restate the question. Who is God? Describe God to me. What is that you believe in?  What do you care what people believe other than attempt to ridicule? Hence your question 'what is God?' which is rather loaded by already de-personalising God.  Yes I am an atheist. But I wish to debate the existance or possibility of an existance of God.  No such debate can exist without a precise idea of what God is.  Consider the following conversation. A: "I believe in a unie" B: "What is your evidence?" A: "It has rained for three consecutive days, that is my evidence"  Both are at fault here for not laying out exaclty what a unie out. A has failed to defy unie and B has failed to ask what it is that A believes in.  Secondly, why would it matter to you about someone trying to define God, who paradoxically, is be definition, undefinable?  By definition is undefinable? So then God you cannot claim that god is: loving, good, omnipotent, ominiscent, etc....  Or do you claim such.  Again I ask you describe what it is that you believe in? Is your answer than you believe in the undefinable of which you do not know any further?  Do you believe that you will hear an understanding of God that you've not heard before, or are you of the belief you are open-minded on the subject, and might well have an epiphany?  I'm not going to go into what is wrong with the idea of God without knowing it is what we mean we speak the word.  Excuse me if I am mistaken, but it seems that you are getting defensive on your belief before I even begin a debate. I'm simply looking for any one wishing to participate on the nature / existance of God. If you find my questions to be complete nonsense and that I'm only here to critize theism than you need not participate.  thebootfitter,  If a God exists, then God is as God is.  True but this progesses nothing twoards a conversation because you have no told me the nature of such an existance.  You have said if A is then A=A.... thats saying a lot without saying anything at all because you have failed to provide what A is.
thebootfitter,  I am suggesting that (assuming a God exists) the nature of God is unknowable in the realm in which we exist. Unlike a square or a rock or a chair or a tree which are of this physical realm, and for which we can make a definition and then test the object to determine if it fits the definition, we cannot do this with God, simply because there is no way to 'test' God within the physical realm in which we exist.    So you would go with the unknowable argument?  Well then this is applicable to your response:  So now you have said that god is undefinable or often said "supernatural".  T:I believe in God A:What is God? T:I dont know.  Then my question to you would be that if you dont know what God is... then what is it that you believe in?  By asking the question that you are asking, you may get responses from individuals with their personal interpretations of the God as they see God. None of these will have any 'proof.' I recognize that regardless of what anyone believes, God is as God is (assuming a God exists).  I have not asked for any kind of evidence or proof for their belief but rather what the nature is of the thing they claim to exist.  Proof is not yet into play unless we are clear upon which we are offering proof upon.  What I stated is one thing that can be said of God with certainty.  I mean no offense but you have stated nothing relevant. If I am asking of what A is and you say A=A, that is nothing new and I learn nothing about A but rather that A is A which is self evident.
My wife and my daughter are my GOD'S.... emoticon_xangel emoticon_xhoho emoticon_xangel
bootfitter,  Ultimately, this is the way anybody would have to answer. The conversation could follow thusly: T:I don't know what God is. But I do know what I believe God to be. I believe God to be X, Y, and Z. Instead of making up X, Y, and Z, I recognize that making up X, Y, and Z is irrelevant to the question of 'What is God.'    Well of course they can include that while they are not absolutely certain of X,Y,Z they (according to some reason such as the Bible) believe God to have the x quality.  My question can be taken both ways.  By saying "What is God" and "What do you believe God to be" I am essentially attempting to ask the same thing.  What they answer for God to be is obviously their belief.  And my answer is that I believe God is as God is, however God is, assuming a God exists. That is my answer. That is what I believe. Anything beyond that is speculation, and I have no need to speculate.  Yes but again you have told me nothing except that you know nothing about what you believe. In which case you have failed to define in relative terms of what you beleive. With only this definition to say "I believe in God" is senseless and establishes nothing.  The same is comprative to the following: A: I believe in a unie. B: What is a unie. A: A unie is as a unie is.  I have stated my answer to your question. You did not ask me to teach you anything about 'A.'  All right then under this technically I re-pose my question: Teach me about God.  (Although I thinking asking what God is is asking essentially the same thing)  I'm curious to know how you would answer your own question? How would you define God? How would you describe the nature of God? What do you believe?  I do not have a belief in God. I'm am an atheist. So this question does not apply to me.  But I have heard answers before from Christians which attempt to descibe the nature of the God they believe in. The descriptions are usually somewhat the same. They assign qualities such as: all loving, omnipotent, omniscience, wise, just, all good, incapable of evil, enfallable, etc...
Without a clear definition of a unie, we cannot know for certain whether or not a unie exists. The same applies to God. And since a clear and ultimate definition of God is unattainable in this realm, then we cannot know with certainty whether or not a God exists. We can only believe. If we believe that a God exists, we may also assign attributes to this God that we believe this God possesses.  All right. I think I agree for the most part.  Not I, nor anyone in this physical realm, can teach you about God as God is, assuming God exists. I, along with everyone else, could only teach you what may or may not be true about God according to some perception of God (and again, assuming God exists).  I understand your point.   I understand this now. It was not clear to me initially, as there is a distinction between the two question. One asks what IS, as in reality. The other asks what do you BELIEVE is.  All right. It appears we have reached common ground.   - - -  So I repose my question.  Teach me what you believe God is.  What is it that you believe God is? What is the nature of which you believe?   (They all amount to the same point of the perceptional idea of God, which I am asking of all theists)   I don't understand why my question still lacks an answer. Perhaps you all were under the impression that my question dealt with actual reality, but I doubt that. I thought I would be swarmed with answers.  Theists....  Where are you?
Rouge,  Suprisingly in all of this you have told me nothing....  TRI-UNITY -- The teaching of the Bible concerning the Trinity might be summarized thus. God is a Tri-unity, with each Person of the Godhead equally and fully and eternally God. Each is necessary, and each is distinct, and yet all are one. The three Persons appear in a logical, causal order. The Father is the unseen, omnipresent Source of all being, revealed in and by the Son, experienced in and by the Holy Spirit. The Son proceeds from the Father, and the Spirit from the Son. With reference to God's creation, the Father is the Thought behind it, the Son is the Word calling it forth, and the Spirit is the Deed making it a reality.  But I didn't ask for the Trinity. I asked for God which you have told me = the trinity which = God.  Thus I know nothing.  If I ask the nature of A, (and i do not know the nature of B) and you tell me A=B and B=A I have learned nothing except the relationship of A and B which I know nothing of.  "The Son proceeds from the Father"...  I am asking the nature / description of what / who the father (God) is.  Similarly, men have always felt the need to "see" God in terms of their own experience and understanding, but this knowledge that God must reveal Himself has been distorted into polytheism and idolatry. Men have thus continually erected "models" of God, sometimes in the form of graven images, sometimes even in the form of philosophical systems purporting to represent ultimate reality.  Again you have not told me what this "God" is.  Side note: I have no problem with you giving me the definition of God through a copy and paste of some other source (unless of course its too long) but please make sure that what you say properly answers the question.   Montalban,  I have clashed horns with SilentPoet before. He is, unfortunately, neither a poet, nor more tragically, silent.  Ha. Nice one.  This is indeed a debate forum, and I don't see why a self-confessed atheist would want to discontinue his attacks on religion and feign real concern for people's opinions. If you have some proof of his change of heart, please let me know how you know this. Otherwise, I continue with my warning, which is also my right to give, and yours to ignore, or to respond to as you have.  Montalban you are beginning to bother me. If you are not interested in a discussion then by all means do not discuss and completely ignore this thread.  This is a new approach to a theistic/atheistic discussion so you perhaps you would actaully like to listen to what I have to say instead of telling others to pay not attention.  If you have nothing productive or meaningful to contribute to the ACTUAL discussion the please shut up.  dreamweaver,  The Supreme Being.  Excuse my apparent ignorance, but this description is not sufficent. I do not know what the "Supreme Being" is that you are referring to.  "The" points to something specific which you have designated as "Supreme Being" but I do not know what "Supreme Being" you are speaking of or anything about this "Supreme Being".  Also when you say "Being" is this in the same sense that we (people) consider beings?  Beings are in all case (to my knowledge) finite beings that exist in the physical realm.  How could this apply to God, which by most accounts I have heard, who is supernatural and does not exist within the "physical realm"?  unkerpaulie,  God is basically an extremely powerful being credited to creating the universe and life. also, there is within the nature of God a nuturing and benevolent aspect towards humans.  Thank you. Finally a definition I can work with to understand.  All right we have come up with "extremely powerful" "credited to creating the universe and life" "nurturing" and "benevolent".  First I need to clear up "extremely powerful".  Are you excluding God from being omnipotent (all powerful)? In other words, is God all powerful, or extremely powerful?  Next I'd like to present a belief of mine in relation to "credited to creating the universe and life":  I have very few concrete beliefs. But one of this is an axiom. This axiom is that "existance exists". I do not find existance to be a perceptual thing, but rather existance exists outside of perception.  Life, the universe, existance itself is independent. It does not rely on the perceptions of others to exist, rather it exists.  As part of this axiom existance (as a whole) cannot be simply created. Nor can existance (as a whole) be destroyed. Existance is and always will be in form of another of: Matter, Space, Energy, Light, Heat, etc...  That is my axiom. Which although it may not seem relevant now I am certain it will eventually come up if the conversation continues and we can refer back to this.  Now you have said that God is "extremely powerful" (powerful enough apparently make existance out of non-existance) and that he created the universe and life in which we know live. Also you have stated that God is benevolent.   And so down the rabbit hole we go...  Every action, every deed and every occurance of anything in the unvirse is allowed by God to occur.   If God is extremely powerful and all good how does this fit in with the travestys that befall mankind. War, Death, Rape, Thievery, etc....  In respect to the idea of good and evil (which we have come to understand) this universe, this life, is surely full of evil.  When asking this question before I have received the answer that evil and bad befall man because of the "origonal sin" Adam and Eve made. While I don't think this argument holds up when you bring in some claims of God's omniscience I will leave this alone. But while this claim might be able to defend the allowance by God of man affecting man it does not cover up for God's allowance of the natural travestys and disasters that befall man, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, tsunamis, etc...  So if God is truly benevolent why does he allow such natural disasters which kill and wreck lives to occur? If God was not all good would he surely not stop these incidents from occuring?
Epaphras_faith,  Sorry I did not reply to your message in the one before this, you must have responded when I was replying.  SP: Hello again. I hope you are well.  And the same to you.  One would not expect a finite being such as myself to define clearly and completely an infinite being such as God.    Understood that you could claim that you cannot COMPLETELY define God.  He has mades statements about the things he likes and dislikes (The ten commandments for instance). He tells what he does (he is a creator for instance, He loves, he has mercy and grace.) He tells us where he has been (He is the God that is, was, and will be, in otherwords exists outside of time).  But none of this tells me what God is.  This is how God is defined. You ask an impossibly broad question. Sglaine seems to imply that theists will only hamper you with illogic when it comes to defining God and they will eventually say they don't know. I know some not all. So do you. This is right. To assume that we should be able to define God completely and accurately is illogical  But surely there is a more specific definition you can give than incomprhensible / undefinable. Otherwise I'm not entirely sure you what you believe in as the discussion would follow:  T:I believe in God A:What is God? T:I dont know. A:Well then what is it that you believe in?  The theist (under the undefinable definition of God) is forced to answer: T: I dont know   And so I would ask you now: "Well then in what sense is your statement even relevant? How does your beleif any different from no beleif at all"  This is true with any person. You cannot completely define your closest and dearest friend. It is impossible because people are infinitely complex.    Yes but I can assign attributes to my friend, while not having to full define him.  I am not asking for a full definition of God, because that would seem impossible if he is truly undefinable would it not?  Instead I am asking for attributes to describe in some way the nature of God to me. (This can also be done in relationship to my closest friend, while not having to full define him.)
dreamweaver,  Dictionary: Sumpreme Being  Defintion 1: God Defintion 2: the supernatural being conceived as the perfect and omnipotent and omniscient originator and ruler of the universe; the object of worship in monotheistic religions  I must assume that for the sake of progession that you were referring to the second defintion (because the 1st would lead to nothing (What is A, A=A thus no progession) ).  And so with this I will accept this as your defition and attempt to disect it.  Supernatural through disection amounts to unconceivable. Supernatural is by implication and definition outside of the physical realm and outside of natural laws. The supernatural is completely independent of any established laws of the universe and existance. It lies beyond the realm of human comprehension.  I assume we can agree on this.  A perfect supernatural God?  What true relevancy does the quality of perfection hold on the supernatural. Since the supernatural lies beyond human understand and we can have no comprehension of the supernatural the perfect or imperfect supernatural would hold no bearing as we as people could not differentiate between the two. How would one know claim that something beyond our realm of understanding (in the supernatural realm) is perfect.  Perfect can only been used when described in relationship to something else and since God in the supernatural realm cannot be validly compared in the area of perfection to people, God as the only supernatural idea would neither be perfect nor imperfect.   An Omnipotent God?  Omnipotent (all powerful). What is meant by this? Is God truly capable of doing anything, even if it defys logical possibility.  For instance can God creat a square circle? No of course not because this is impossible. The assertion that God can do such is absurd.  And so the theist must resort to the idea that God can do anything that we can imagine. "If we can think it, God can do it". I cannot imagine a square circle, but I can imagine an acorn changing into an elephant. And while this may appear valid because at first glance it seems to eliminate the "logically impossible" it does no such thing.  The mere fact that I can imagine an acorn into an elephant does not make it a possibility. It is impossible for such a thing.  Everything in existance has qualities that make it what it is. All of these things simply do not pop out of nowhere but are rather formed by combinations of matter (or energy). One form of matter cannot simply change itself to another form of matter without the required elements and process motivation to do so, and these elements required cannot simply pop out of nowhere.  The specifications for an acorn vary greatly in that from an elephant. The acron can by no means change in any way into an elephant. An inanimate object cannot become a concious one.  Its logically impossible.  Both the "square circle" and "acorn to elephant" are logically impossibilities and to claim them as possible is absurd and irrational.  Now the theist has several choices.  1. He can continue to claim that God is omnipotent while ignoring all logical evidence to the contrary.  2. He can abandon his claim of God being omnipotent and change the quality of God to extremely powerful. 3. Or he can flee into a form of agnosticism where he claims that God's awsome power is beyond human understand and logic nor reason are able to step into the realm which is God.  The 1st choice is irrational. The 2nd is somewhat more logical The 3rd falls to: If man is unable to comprehend God how is it that you can claim that this God is omnipotent, if it was truly unable to be comprehended wouldn't you simply not be sure?  The Omniscince of God  All right. But this come under disection of my previous argument adressed to another that I now give to you:  If God is extremely powerful and all good how does this fit in with the travestys that befall mankind. War, Death, Rape, Thievery, etc....  In respect to the idea of good and evil (which we have come to understand) this universe, this life, is surely full of evil.  When asking this question before I have received the answer that evil and bad befall man because of the "origonal sin" Adam and Eve made. While I don't think this argument holds up when you bring in some claims of God's omniscience I will leave this alone. But while this claim might be able to defend the allowance by God of man affecting man it does not cover up for God's allowance of the natural travestys and disasters that befall man, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, tsunamis, etc...  So if God is truly benevolent why does he allow such natural disasters which kill and wreck lives to occur? If God was not all good would he surely not stop these incidents from occuring?
Rouge,  So in order to describe God we must define the three parts that make up God, i.e. the Father, Son and the Holy Spirit.  Also, how can I explain something that I have no physically observed? Here your question is also logically flawed. I cannot explain the features to something to which I have no positively observed.  Well then as I have said describe the nature of the "Father" to whom you claim existance.   So what you are essentially told me is that you cannot tell me what it is that you beleive in, but despite that you continue to beleive.  You asked me to describe God, and in order to do so, I need to describe or explain the concept of the Trinity. That is, there are three parts to "God" - as weird as that sounds. You were not specific in your question. You asked me to describe God, and God consists of three parts. As you can see, your question is flawed.  Again I ask for the nature of the "Father" which you have said is part of the Trinity which is God.  How do you expect me to describe something that I have not seen. Your question is stupid and illogical. If you ask a half decent answerable question, you may get some answers. Basically, God is the "Alpha and the Omega".  In other words you do not know the nature of that which you claim existance. This is apparent because you have refused to provide me with anything.  dreamweaver,   SP: No. I meant the first one (the other wasn't "definition 2" it was another dictionary), just to clarify that it was the best definition for God.  Hmmm..... Well I suppose I'd like to have my previous response to the second definition written out anyways... it may come in handy.   With regard to the rest, I told you what we can determine from the lovely modifying qualifier, "Supreme". There is progression - taking that. What parts of it did you not understand; help me out here.    I see no progession. If I ask "What is God" and you tell me God is "The Supreme Being" which is = to God, then I heave learned nothing of the nature of God because I know not what the Supreme Being is, which is God.  In other words if I ask for the value of A and you tell me that A=a I have learned nothing of the value or nature of A but simply rather another word for it.  I'd love to take the time to answer your questions, but it is quite evident that you didn't check the links that I provided. Check the Catholics take on God - they clarify what they mean by the specific terms too.    First off you only provided me with one link besides the dictionary reference which I got the wrong impression on.  I have said before that I will respond to copy and pasted material as long as it is not TOO long and fits the specified topic of discussion. I thought it made more sense for you to copy and paste the definition of God since you must obviously know where this information lies if you were to have provided it to me.  But for the sake of progession I have gone through some of the "Catholics take" on God and down the rabbit hole we go.  Your link quotes the following:::  Who is the Creator and Lord of heaven and earth, and is also, in the words of the Vatican Council, "omnipotent, eternal, immense, incomprehensible, infinite in intellect and will and in every perfection" (Sess. III, cap. i, De Deo).    And so my earlier argument follows in relationships to God being "incomprehensible", "omnipotent", and infinite in every perfection.  I would not like to waste room on the thread for something I have already said so I refer you to my earlier arguments in refutation and disection of the "Catholics take" on God which you have referred me to.   Please see my arguments that are underlined in Post #24   See refutations: Supernatural through disection amounts to unconceivable. A perfect supernatural God? An Omnipotent God?  With regard to the "problem of evil", I have a few recommendations for a read (I can re-outline a few theodicies/answers to if you like,  Yes I would like a reply to my earlier question of mans suffering in relation to the existance of an "all good" God.  p.s. I assume you're using The American Heritage dictionary.  I used the link you provided with me and wrongly assumed that you meant the second defintion.
unkerpaulie,  there are many popular beliefs about the nature of God that believers take for granted but which are really illogical if you really look deeper at it. some of the common attributes of God that werent covered in post 24  That is true, but I dont want to go over everything at once because I don't have the time and I'm not going to refut unmade claims.  first of all, is a tsunami or earthquake or flood evil? if these "disasters" occured on Mars or any other unihabited planet, would it be evil? secondly, how do you define a tragedy? is a broken fingernail a tragedy? loss of your job? loss of a limb? loss of your life? tragedies are only defined in the perspective of the person experiencing the event. an event in itself cannot be evil or good, only the perception of the one experiencing it. a winter at one point could have been a natural disaster. a hot summer as well. even a sunset could cause destruction.  I understand your point, but its obvious to most that the loss of large amounts of life due to natural disasters are a bad thing to happen. To let large amount of people die, when you have the power to prevent it at no expense to you is not by any means a good thing to do.   To the rest of what you have said I do not agree with it all and some of it does not relate to the nature of God but thanks for your input.
To all,  I apologize for my late response. I have been out of town.  Dreamweaver,  God is the Supreme Being, and the Supreme Being is God, but it does not follow that we have not learnt anything. I'm mentioning this for the third time here, but hopefully it should be alright.  Unless I have a clear notion (which I don't) of what a Supreme Being is, then I know nothing of God and nothing is learned.  This qualifier we have, "Supreme", tells us a lot of things. We can speculate on the attributes of such a being, Supreme Power; Supreme Knowledge and the like. Now, with regard to modal status, it should be palpable that a Supreme Being would have necessary existence - ontological perfection which, is indeed, the supreme modality; no other existence has more views.    So God does not posess all knowledge, but instead the most knowledge? God is not all powerful, but the most powerful?  So where do these attributes start and end?  So only with the idea that God is the Supreme Being you have a God that could very well lie in the physical realm, correct?  I'd like you to expand a little on the "laws of nature" here before we continue. In science, we use the term "law" a lot, but there really are no absolute laws of science.  When I say this I mean how the physical realm works. Matter cannot be created nor destoryed (same goes with energy). Acorns cannot suddenly zap into elephants. All things (I am aware of) in the universe are finite. Motion laws such as Newtons, etc... There is a certain order to things.   As you know, science is based on empiricism - on induction. It has no room for absolute truths and it would be a mockery to it to suggest that it does. We give names such as "Newton's Laws", "Ohm's Law", "Kirchoff's Laws" and the like, but none of these are absolute in any sense. Firstly, that which is reached through induction can never provide absolute certainty; it can only show something to be probable.    I don't agree here. What is not absolute about scientific laws? Science uses logic and experimination and arrives at conclusions based upon these tools. There are no other tools to use and thus it would seem we must assume these conclusions as are truth (or temporary if science develops and conclusions change).  However, that is not only what we rely on. In fact, we do indeed know that all these are subject to be broken. You'll note that at the point of a singularity all our "laws" break down - including Relativity and it all; our equations break up and everything is meaningless. Can't really blame us - how are we meant to comprehend that which is infinitesimal.  Yes of course there are things which science has yet to learn but this does not put it beyond the realm of the finite and understandable nor does it put it beyond the realm of reason and logic.  Sorry, but the majority of that point is pure speculation. Granted for the moment that God in "His realm" is no "perfect", as you presuppose, so what? Why would this cause a problem for the theist? The theist might easily superimpose that God, in comparison to homosapiens and all of nature is eternally perfect. Of course you can compare that which is another dimension; your point is saying that we cannot compare football and computer games - because one is a sport and the other is of something different - a computer.  It causes not a problem on the existance of God, but the idea of a perfect supernatural God doesn't make any sense. But there can be made no comparsion between God and homosapians. The theist claims God is beyond human understanding, the physical realm, and beyond reason. The notion of God to some point (claims the theist) is uncomprehensible.  Well yes of course you can compare football and computer games. There is a large difference between this and the analogy is not valid. We as people (claims the theist) cannot truly comprehend God who is supernatural. Although we can to large degree understand ourselves. So here we are comparing the unknowable (God) to the knowable (people). This comparison cannot occur. Now as to your football vs. computer game example these are both in the physical realm and are not beyond human reasoning. We understand both of these and are not in any way supernatural or unconceivable. Thus it is the knowable to the knowable. Again the notion of a "perfect" supernatural God is senseless. Instead God would be supernatural since we have no prior notion of the imperfect supernatural.  You can only compare things that you can comprehend.  You're asking this and you're telling me that you read the Catholic article? I won't outline it all now, partly because of lack of time, but: is the point of this thread for you to learn, or to debate? You might say both, but which is primary? If it is to learn, then I think you would do well to read the article on Omnipotence; if not, you can just say and I'll answer the questions you proffered. The only reason I provide links is because the arguments proposed here are pseudoproblems, answered easily by some mild theology.  No I did not read the entire Catholic article but rather looked for the definition of God to which we can discuss. If there is something specific you would like me to read then please point it out.  As far as the article of Omnipotence...  I have read the article but I still have a problem with God's "omnipotence". For you see the entire notion of the universe (which includes matter and energy) is logically impossible. Matter / Energy cannot be created or destoryed.  You cannot have nothing and simply pop out of it some planet or star. To propose such is to propose the logically impossible as with the acorn to elephant example which I stated earlier.  So to claim that God created the universe is an irrational illogical and impossible claim.   Since you have presupposed in your inference three that evil exists, the burden of proof lays on your shoulder to (i) Define evil, and (ii) show that it exists.  Oh come on. This is ridiculous. Because evil in the Christian sense is obvious. Dictionary.com - Causing ruin, injury, or pain; harmful  I do not beleive in any kind of absolute evil. So I'll refer to what I am speaking of as "bad" events. These bad events are not good. They cause damage and or pain both physically and mentally.   Bad events occur constantly. For these you can turn on the local news. Hear about the rape, murder, robbery, these are all "bad" events.  More significant and well known "bad" events in history include various genocides such as in Africa and the Holocaust in Germany.  The occurance of these events is undeniable.   It is contradictory for a God to be all good, all powerful, and all knowing and still create the world knowing such events would occur (due to his omniscience). Also if one has the option of preventing such bad events (murder, abuse, torture) then one who is good would take the oppurunity.  We both know what it is generally I am speaking of when I speak of evil and the idea of "bad" events is obvious.  On another note, let's proffer that it makes sense to say that evil exists. If a Supreme Being allowed this evil to occur, but for it to have a purpose, then things are "all gravy" and there's really no problem. On another note, if this God provided humans with free will moral agency, then it would not mean that he is malicious. What I mean, is that free moral agency is neither good nor evil. It is a mechanism, not an aesthetic, by which love and goodness can occur. Of course, it allows the contrapositive to occur since it is necessary - decision. One does not call a line crooked without some idea of a straight line. It can be easily argued that evil exists for us to consciously identify it from good. Paul writes, "For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law."    I've heard this argument before but it doesn't hold in the face of obvious misery in the world.  Events are not just caused by man's "God given" free will. Natural disasters occur that also cause pain and death to many at the choice of no one. To allow such events to occur and to be all good is contradictory.  Finally, the POE can never be used to refute the existence of an almighty being. It only poses as "problem" (if you want to call it that) to those who follow the God of Classical Theism. Therefore, it does not prove the non-existence of a God.    It doesn't disprove the existance of God. But rather is disproves the existance of an all good God.  On a last note, you suggest that this world is evil; tell me, which world are you comparing it to?    I'm comparing it to a lack of evil in places of the world which also exist.  But to humor you I will restate, in this existance evil exists.   You, in particular, speak of "natural evil" - tell me, why should I consider any of this evil. Are you proposing that an objective evil exists? Perhaps a definition (preferably not an example) of evil would suffice, here.    www.dictionary.com Causing ruin, injury, or pain; harmful: the evil effects of a poor diet.  http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=evil  Poet- if you were provided with the evidence, would you change your stance on the existence of God, truly?  This discussion isnt about evidence for its existance, but rather what is meant by "its existance". You cannot provide evidence for something that is not understood and expect me to beleive it. Bob: I beleive in a unie. Mike: What is your evidence? Bob: It has rained for three consecutive days... that is my evidence.  No one knows what a unie is and thus the entire conversation accomplishes nothing.  But as a side not in response to your question: If I was given solid evidence or substantial logic for the existance of God, I would beleive. Do you have some for me?  unkerpaulie,   suppose that God exists, God prevents all evil, and macroevolution is true. do you think that mankind would even exist?  My argument is now the evil that occurs as a result of nature. Not all of evil itself. Stick to the issue.   and say God goes on an evil-eliminating campaign. so he ceases all tornados, floods, harsh weather, earthquakes, etc. then he cleans up pollution, then he regulates temperature to ideal climate settings (say 70 in the day, 55 at night). then he removes all cliffs and and slopes, all predators and viruses. what next? make the sea shallow so that noone can drown? make fire at a safe temperature? reduce gravity so that you fall in slowmotion? where do we draw the line?  I'm not sure. But I don't see how this discredits my argument.  Epaphras_faith,  There are some standards, love (agape, phileo, and eros),mercy, gentleness, kindness, lovingkindness, justice, imenent yet transcendant, omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, etc. However, these words can only dimly convey what is truly meant by them.    See the issues I am discussing with Dreamweaver. Also see post 24 in which I question some of these above proposed qualities.  If however, you are looking for points from theists to argue with then undoubtedly you will find those also. I am well aware of your stance on God and Jesus,as you are mine. So, suffice it to say that I will finish here. Thanks for responding to me though. I knew we posted at the same time,so I waited.   All right.  Have a great summer. Hope to argue more soon.    All well to you...
I am perfectly understanding of a lack of time and forgetting debates that I have entered to, and of course as some know I seem to have that problem a lot. So just a friendly reminder to everyone that I'm waiting for a response. emoticon_xbye    Hope to hear from you soon...
Dreamweaver,  I'm having serious computer problems so my response may be a little late to this thread.  Frustration at computer emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill ::COMPUTER::
Dreamweaver,  Did I ever say that the Supreme Being would have the best power but not "all" the power? Never. If one has all the power, anyhow, they automatically have the best power. And, I thought I was pretty clear on the notion especially with regard to existence.  I'm sorry, it was an honest misunderstanding.  Just to clarify, you beleive that God is ALL powerful? (Meaning capable of doing anything). If this is the case then is God capable of doing the impossible, such as changing something inanimate into a concious being?  God doesn't exist in the most possible worlds; an ontologically perfect being exists in all the possible worlds with regard to possible world semantics. This is the "most" amount of possible worlds that a being can exist in, but it is also all the possible worlds that a being can exist in.    I'm not following. When one refers to something existing in something, that usually means it exists in some physical sense whether as a form of matter or energy. But since God is neither but is rather supernatural how could he exist in "all the possible worlds". Wouldn't God rather be outside of these worlds and rather not exist in them.  I'm sorry, and I need no offence to you, but this debate is going to be entirely futile if you're not versed on the make-up and foundation of science with empiricism. It is a mockery to science to even suppose that it is absolute. I know you don't like me recommending things, but you should really check out Popper on this; he's good. I fully explained why science is not absolute above - you just said that you disagreed without any reasons. Science can use logic, great, but it uses induction to reach its conclusion. Hence its non-absoluteness.    Sorry my knowledge of science and scientific laws if very limited and I cannot attempt to carry on such a conversation. The fault is obviously my own.  What? Surely you have a reason for it supposedly not being a valid analogy?  You can compare football in computer games at some level or another but you cannot compare something supernatural, unknowable, and incomprehensible to something within the physical realm.  And as previously stated: You can only compare things that you can comprehend.  For one, the presupposition that matter cannot be created/destroyed rests upon the "laws" of thermodynamics - of science.    Yes but how does this relate to the acorn to elephant?  With regard to evil, no, what is ridiculous is your initial presupposition that evil exists and the fact that you haven't defined your terms properly. Let's take a look at your definition:  Hmm this definition isnt going to work for me.  I could come up with tons of examples of what I mean by evil. Would this help you to understand what I mean?  I don't know how to define my terms of evil to you.   I have a more meaningful definition of evil, to which you may not agree, but if you cannot provide one, I will.    All right.  Oh, ok. So you don't think that the world is "evil"? Just a few questions for now; more later.  No and if I said that I take it back. But evil has and does exist in the world. (Example: Genocide of civilians)   Don't worry about it; take all the time you need. Computers are evil, Windows in particular. Just fully installed Linux.... too good.  I think I will be taking my computer into be fixed soon. I'm not sure of the problem so I don't know how long it will take. Its something to do with a graphics device driver causing my computer to restart at random. Its quite annoying especially when I'm right in the middle of doing something, like writing this...  Better post this before it restarts.
Dreamweaver,  How aggrivating. I already had half of this response saved, and before I took my computer to the shop I put it on a floppy disk. Now I got my computer back and the floppy drive doesnt work. emoticon_angry   Heh, you've got an interesting definition of "all"; your "all" here seems to include that which does not exist. You probably don't see the absurdity in the presupposition, but I'll give you an analogy to show the problem:  A scenario. We had a test in Math yesterday, and today, we got our test results. A friend of mine asks me, "how many marks did you get right on the test?" I reply, "I got all the marks right" (as if ). Now, surely, from this we would think that I got 100% on my test, but by your reasoning, I should have got something like oo%, since, "all" here should also--apparently--include that which is impossible. Of course, that never happens. We are not concerned with the impossible -- the impossible can never occur. Period  Your right.   Since you are positing that evil exists as one of your central premises, I want to know what you mean by it before I can agree that it exists; surely, that's reasonable, is it not?    I suppose, but I don't take my earlier idea that evil exists.  I can no longer argue this point until I come up with some sort of definition to go by. Hmm...  Epaphras_faith  I too am having difficulty with computer things so I apologize for a late reply.  If my computer messes up on me again I'm going to feel like scrapping it and buy a new one.  I beg to differ. The presence of Evil is necessary to show love. If there were no evil then there would be no need to depend on God and we could suffice just fine without him. This means that he does not get to show His love which is his primary nature.    Hmm, I disagree.  First off, even if this was true this does not in any way justify the allowing or purposeful creation and plan of such evil (human and natural).  Now while maybe I would let you get away with arguing that some form of bad must be present to show good, this does not account for the extremity of the suffering and events that occur.  Even if you disagree with the above, which I think you do, it still does not PROVE the non existence of an all Good God. Just because you and I cannot reconcile with the presence of Evil that does not mean that God is not Good. If you say that because evil exists then God cannot be good then you are setting yourself up as the definer of what is good. However, if you accept the existence, or potential existence of a God, any god, then He must be the definer of what is good. By discussing the attributes of God then you necessarily stipulate to His existence. The question is "what is he like?" If he is creator, and no christian would say he is loving or good without also saying he is creator, then you must also accept as creator that HE is the one who defines what is good. Allowing for the possiblity of the existence of evil He has defined as good. Why, because HE, the creator says so. Therefore, it does not disprove the existence of a good god. I also say that it does not prove the existence of a good god.    One all good (meaning does not do evil) would not have created this world with the intention of evil occuring on a day to day basis.   To do so would be a contradiction of its goodness.
Don't worry about it; you can post it when you get your floppy drive working, if you like.    The above is virtually my post I just had to re-do it. Although I probably worded something differently. I have no idea when I will get my floppy driver working.  I'm not sure how much there is left to say in our debate. My points seem to have hit a brick wall. :xbanghead
By Reduction to the Absurd:  Suppose that God is in fact all-powerful. If he is all-powerful, then he can do anything. Yet this raises the question, "If God can do anything, can he make a rock so hard that he himself cannot break it?"  If the answer is yes, then God cannot break this rock, so there is something he cannot do.  If the answer is no, then he cannot make such a rock, and thus there is also something he cannot do.  Therefore, it is impossible that God can do everything, and it is thus impossible for him to be all powerful.  I can't claim originality for this proof, but I have never heard any good refutation of it, and yet people still act as if God is all powerful despite the absurdity of such a notion. :xbanghead If there is a refutation, then I'd like to hear it.
Well, the simplest refutation would be to say that God is omnipotent within the realms of logic. Everything that isn't inherently contradictory, God could do.  Another simple refutation would be to say that since God is beyond the physical realm, the logic of the physical realm doesn't apply to him. Perhaps he can create a rock so heavy he can't lift it, and yet still lift it. Our logic may simply not apply, the same way that Euclidean geometry doesn't apply in cruved space.   The first refutation is not a refutation at all - it is a retreat. No longer is God all-poweful, but he is all-powerful within the realm of logic. That reminds me of the guy in Monty Python's Life of Brian who says "Besides the sanitation, the education, the aqueduct, the public order, etc. what have the Romans ever done for us?"  The second refutation sounds like something Rousseau said, along the lines of "I don't care about logic. I'll believe in God privately." If one can claim that the power of God is beyond logic, but still true, then one can also claim that the powerlessness of God is beyond logic, but true. Similarily, I can claim that "2+2=5" is true by saying "We humans are too simple-minded to understand it, therefore it must be true." That's fallacious.
"Yes, God can make a rock so big that He can't move it. Then after He makes it, He can unmake it."   Unmaking it isn't moving it. And I didn't say "Move a big rock" I said "Break a hard rock." In half, that is.  All things are subject to the Will of God the Creator. Nothing exists or can exist that is not subject to God's Will.   What about this hypothetical rock? Can it exist?  Or, does this mean that God himself requires God's Will to exist? Cyclical! :xbanghead
That's because its sophistry. Its an inherent contradiction and it simply means we don't have the capacity to understand it. Another more common example is that the assertion that the universe cannot be endless, and yet as far as we know it is. Trying to understand it is for us humans like an ant trying to fathom the theory of relativity.  Damn are we ever conceited as a race...we seem to think that if we can't understand something, it cannot be. We also tend to think, in every generation, that we have achieved somehow the pinnacle of progress.  I agree..how do we change this? One guess as to how we will ultimately change this is to create new life (robotic or biological or both) that will be capable of many of the things we strive to be, but cannot seem to grasp.  -Mach
...and I agree. If we could comprehend God, we'd be his equal...and we ain't!   And if we somehow knew he existed throug a mere conjecture, i.e. blind faith, then we would be his superior!
 but he cannot because he cannot lie   If he cannot lie, then there is something he cannot do.
The only way the hypotehtical Rock could exist would be if God would deem to give the rock Free Will and then deem to honor the rock's Free Will as God honors Free Will -- the vast majority of the time -- within people.   Whoa! A rock that God cannot break, with free will now! I don't want that thing running around the universe!  So, you are proposing that God can create a being more powerful than himself?
Your question by its very statement does not test wether or not God is all powerful but wether or not God is comprehensible.  No, it tests whether he is all-powerful. The proof shows that the very notion of all-powerfulness leads to other notions that are absurd, such as the unbreakable rock or, someone else posted, the round square. This is called "reduction to the absurd" and it is a valid logical method. It has been used to prove that 1/0 is undefinable.  The statement that God is all powerful defines his nature. To state then that he cannot do something outside of his nature as proof of the non existence of his nature is circular in logic.  I stated that he cannot do something inside of his own nature, that is, his nature doubles back on itself and is contradictory. Similarly if someone spoke of something that is "both green and not green at the same time and in the same sense" I can disprove this statement using the Law of Non Contradiction. Of course, one can pull off the rubbish argument that "it is incomprehensible, therefore it is true." As I stated earler, such an argument is fallacious.
You argue from two contradictory premises. 1) God is all Powerful, 2) God can not do something.   No. I first assumed that God is all powerful, and then I showed that idea led to contradictions. The second "premise" is the conclusion. Learn to read.  Look up the "Reduction to the Absurd method" and you will find that the logic is valid.
okay, well i think that you are just finding reasons to go against Him. I think that you had some bad experiances when you were younger or a while ago that made you turn on God. You are looking for reasons, not very good ones i might add, to convince people.....either way, God loves you. :)  Here come the Christians, thinking they can know everything by guessing, and commiting the genetic fallacy left and right.
Problem with your logic is thus. Step two is not based on step one. It is a second premise. The fact that a being is all powerful precludes step two. Therefore, contradictory PREMISES. Therefore, fallacy of the inconsitency.   Technically, all syllogisms need two premises, first of all.  "Step two" and "step three" were a dilemma, not separate steps. Learn to read.  Dilemma:  You only read Scenario 1, which was: step two -God can create a rock he cannot lift - Step three - God cannot lift the rock conclusion - God is not all powerful  Scenario Two was - God cannot create such a rock - Therefore, there is something God cannot do - Therefore, God is not all-powerful  The only case in which God could truly be all-powerful is if he can somehow both create an unbreakable rock and then break it, which defies the Law of Non Contradiction and is thus absurd. Thus, the notion of all-powerfulness, which leads to such a notion, is also absurd.
While the comment by "God-is-real" may have been unwelcome, you merely prove his point by your prejudicial reaction (lumping all christians together into some category YOU think appropriate).   I apologize for that statement. I just thought that his air of superiority when he was preaching to be simply sickening.
I think your assertion that the proof is fallacious is a result of the fact that you're attacking the wrong proof.  To restate the proof in premise/conclusion form, it would look like this.  Premise #1: - If God is all powerful, then he can do this (the rock thing.) Premise #2: - This is impossible due to the Law of Non-Contradiction. Conclusion: - God is not all-powerful.  It is based on a completely valid logical method:  Premise #1: - If P, then Q Premise #2: - Q is false Conclusion: - P is false
This is all pure speculation and an excercise in futility. What could we possibly discover about God when any theory concerning his capabilities cannot be tested? It's interesting that this question even comes up but I think it's fairly obvious that this question was designed as a trap because regardless of the answer, the conclusion one is supposed to draw is that God is not all powerful.   To take God out of the issue, I'll say that this proof is merely a corollary of the proof that nothing can be all-powerful. It goes like this:  - If P is all-powerful, then it can do Q (where Q is some impossible action like creating a circular square.)  - Q cannot be done because it defies the law of non-contradiction.  - Therefore, P is not all-powerful.  I can fill in P with anything, like my shoe, or my watch, and prove that it is not all-powerful this way.
sticking to the realm of possible, let's define God as "most powerful being possible", shall we?   So tell me, what is the largest integer possible?
why need there be a largest possiblr integer? what does this have to do with anything?  It's an analogy between the "the being as powerful as possible" and "the integer as large as possible."  No matter what integer I pick, I can always add 1 to it and it will be larger.  Similarly, no matter how powerful a being is, I can always imagine a more powerful one.
Yes, but the realm of the possible has largely been mapped out by science.
I'd like to refute the point that has been make about the rock that God cannot break.  My original question was "Can God make a rock that He cannot break?"  It has been fallaciously assumed that the rock is infinitely hard.  The rock doesn't have to be infinitely hard, it just has to be too hard for God to break.
Yes, but can he make a rock that is not completely unbreakable, yet too hard for him to break it?
Rather than joust with linguistics, why don't we simply ask the root question?  Can God violate the rules of logic? Can God do the logicaly impossible?  That's the real question here.  Theists cannot say no, or they would be suggesting that logic is more powerful than God.
By Reduction to the Absurd:  Suppose that God is in fact all-powerful. If he is all-powerful, then he can do anything. Yet this raises the question, "If God can do anything, can he make a rock so hard that he himself cannot break it?"  If the answer is yes, then God cannot break this rock, so there is something he cannot do.  If the answer is no, then he cannot make such a rock, and thus there is also something he cannot do.  Therefore, it is impossible that God can do everything, and it is thus impossible for him to be all powerful.  I can't claim originality for this proof, but I have never heard any good refutation of it, and yet people still act as if God is all powerful despite the absurdity of such a notion. :xbanghead If there is a refutation, then I'd like to hear it.  To be able to do "anything", including things outside the knowable, is unintelligble. You cannot even being the argument because you are arguing the unknowable, which is, unknowable. That's the root. You can no more argue that god can participate in the unknowable, than you can do any rational examiniation of anything that has the attribute of being unknowable. It's meaningless.  If on the other hand you are starting with the premise that god is some entity that resides in the knowable universe, and is also knowable, then we can discuss this. And then "god" cannot also be the creator of the universe, which means I can probably stop right there in the debate.  Jim's claim of "god is omnipotent and omniscient, is equally nonsensical. Ominpotence cannot be understood, it's unknowable.  But, to tie this all back into a more useful example:  If God is omniscient, he knows everything that will happen and has happened. If God is omnipotent, he can do anything.  That's contradictory. If he knows what will happen, then he cannot change what will happen, and is thus, not omnipotent. These are contradictory.  So theists can choose, either to discuss meaningless things (unknowable), or to admit that there is no god by classic definition.   -Mach
Perhaps by you this is true. No Jim, by reason.  You cannot know the unknowable, it's a contradiction. To claim anything about the unknowable implies knowledge of the unknowable. Me saying it has no relevance to it's being rational.   Virtually anything! Which then would NOT be omnipotent/omniscient.   Not being able to change something would be an indication of not being omnipotent. Here is another example of your inadequacies. corrected above, thank you, minus the insult that followed. It still stands however as a rational rebuttal.   Some theists are willing to ignore such discussions. It has nothing to do with whether God exists. As previously stated, this thread topic is meaningless because of our inequality to God and the illogicalness of the question. We do not and will never understand Him totally.  Good, then you go back to the first point, which is that you cannot rationally claim to have knowledge of the unknowable. So yes, you're back to either being rational and not accepting god, or being irrational and accepting knowledge of the unknowable. I don't make the rules Jim.  -Mach
i totally agree with this point, Mach. it is useless to give God definitions that include the impossible or illogical. thats what this whole debate is about. its imperative that we limit what can be done to what is logically possible. it is not logically possible to foresee the future and then cause the future to be different that what was foreseen. omniscient can only be defined as "knowing all that can be possibly known", and similarly omnipotent as "able to do anything that can possibly be done"  if you want to argue that God cannot do or know EVERYTHING, then you should win that easily, since EVERYTHING includes the logical and illogical. but defining God as able to do anything possible, then you have a much better frame to work with  Right.  And it's much easier to argue the root cause, as you pushed for on this forum as well, since you have to deal with fewer arguments. There's no reason to argue about "can god lift an unliftable rock", if you start at the begining...define god.   -Mach
Why should that be a problem? Why should an inability to do the logically impossible be considered some sort of flaw? It's not like logic is an actual force wrestling with God to see which is better. Any theists out there have any comments? Personally, defining onmipotence as being able to do anything that's logically possible, instead of just anything doesn't seem like that big a deal.  It suggests that Logic is more powerful than God.
 There will never be prood of god, as I understand it, god would never allow it to be proven because faith is the cornerstone of religion.  Faith is the cornerstone of religion, yes. But who says God cares about religion? Religion is a completely human invention, and as such is a poor indicator for God's will. If God felt like showing up, and thus proving his existance, I don't think he'd let the fact that it would screw up most of the world's religions stop him.
The problem with that argument is that the author accuses science of claiming that everything is random. That is not so, for science claims that the atoms operate according to the laws of physics, not random chance. And also, the author only recognizes the "gradualist" version of evolutionism - there is actually another version called "punctuated equilibrium" that means that the separation of species was occasionally caused by drastic mutations.  Like GreenMtnBoy, I hardly read anything after the author tried to throw out science.
Do you believe in God? I do, and I don't agree with what you believe about God and proof. Jesus Himself was living proof. He said "I am" and He showed us with miracles. If God had wanted total faith alone, then Jesus need not have appeared.  On another matter... You seem to mistake faith for something that is devoid of reason. Here's an analogy. My mum, I've obviously known all of my life. She tells me that a new work colleague of hers is a thief. I don't doubt her, not based on the fact I've actually witnessed this person, or that I've even met him/her, but because I know my mum, and I trust her. I have faith in what she says, but it is not without reason.  Montalban, you didn't use faith for that decision, you reasoned it.  1. You have no reason to suspect your mother would lie (as far as we know) about the event. - you have never observed her lie - you have never observed anyone else claiming she lied (assumptions, you can clarify and we can still make this point)  2. Your mother would have no motive for lying..it does her no good, nor anyone she is close to, any good.  3. You are certain your mother is capable of telling the differene between stealing, and not stealing, you can say she is an expert at teling the difference (we are all experts at most ordinary things..like, telling time, etc.)  4. You know that some percentage of humans steal things, it is not all that uncommon, it's entirely possible, if not probably, that at some point your mother (and each of us), will witness someone steatling something.  THEREFORE, you conclude, through reason and evidence, that this person "probably" is a thief.  You didn't use faith, you used reason, and evidence. So why are you claiming faith is useful in this situation, or that faith somehow "used reason". I submit you do this either because you don't understand what it is you're claiming, or because you want to associate the good things we all know and appreciate with regards to rational thought, evidence, and reason, with your faith. Or, you can explain it to me first-hand.  Faith: 1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2)  http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?book=Dictionary&va=faith  Why would you use proof to support your faith in the first place? You either accept it, or you don't. But let's examine this!  If 1303003 people attested that this person was in fact NOT a thief, and they have 20 independant video recordings from all angles that verify his every move the day your mother made the claim...then what? Where does your "faith" leave you? Do you ignore the evidence and rely on faith?  -Mach
Oh I understand what you said, perhaps better than you do, unless you're being intentionally deceitful.  You're wrong Montalban, you used reason, and I clearly showed how. You imply reason requires 100% certainty, it does not, so your argument is lost. I realize you WANT to make faith somehow useful and "like science", but alas.  You you can even test this, I'm surprised you made a mistake in responding the way you did. I even tested this already for you, but I'll do it again since you obviously missed it or didn't understand it.  ============================== Montalban: I used "faith" to make my decision to believe what my mother says. ==============================  So, if your mother says "Montalban, I saw godzilla last night for real (the 60ft fire breating monster that stomps japan for fun)"  You must believe her if you used faith.  You could however, use reason, to determine that it's most likely that she did not see godzilla, and is either making a joke, or suffered some mental mishap.  So which is it gonna be: Faith: "Belief without evidence", or "Belief in a divine being" OR Reason: (as shown above).  Faith by definiton, is a belief without evidence, or a belief in a divine being (which can have no evidence).  What exactly did you have faith in dear Montalban? You're mother is always correct? Obviously not, since I assume you think she didn't actually see Godzilla. So you didn't have faith after all. ==============================  Now, if you say again you used both reason AND faith, and that this somehow saves you from making a mistake, well, it doesn't. Let's use your logic:  - We are testing if these two [drugs] had an impact on the [health of the patient]. We used two [drugs] 1. A placebo (not actually a drug per se) 2. A new chemical that we think can cure this infection.  We tested the [patients] with both [drugs] at the same time. Our results showed strong evidence that the patient's infections were cured 85% by this combination of drugs.  We conclude that a placebo, combined with this new chemical, cures infections, using Montalban's inadequate logic.  You see, I could replace any mumbo jumbo made up stuff and replace the placebo with it. Then by your logic, we could prove anything has an effect on anything else IN COMBINATION with something that actually works (you know, logical AND)   Nice try. I also like at the end how you try to change the subject too, talking about Nazi's and what not.... real class act there. Can we please stick to the topic at hand, your argument in this thread, for once????  -------------------------------------- Oh, lastly, since you like to try and label other arguments as circular reasoning, I want to show you what circular reasoning is, it's an even better example of why your argument is fallacy --------------------------------------  If you use both faith AND reason to support your belief, you are using circular reasoning.  1. You have faith in someone's honesty (Requires no evidence, belief without evidence) 2. You see "some evidence" of their honesty.  You are using both you claim, so by using #1, you argue for believing they are telling the truth based on the evidence of your belief that they they always tell the truth (and need no evidence).  That's what circular reasoning is, care to come up with a new line of argument? You also have the option of dropping the "and faith", and just leave "I used reason" if you want to adopt my corrections to your logic.   -Mach
mach, apparently you give the impression that faith cannot be combined with reason  say i look at the tv guide, or any billboard or ad all over, and see that the superbowl finals is next sunday on channel 5 at 2 pm. i start making plans, buying snacks, inviting friends, and setting up my superbowl party. is that faith or reason?  note that superbowl happens every year, and every year i watch the game with friends. also, this year's superbowl has not occured yet, but from the networks and tv guides and every othe source i know its scheduled to air on sunday  also, remember faith is "belief without evidence"  If we go with your defintion that faith is belief without evidence, then you clearly are acting on reason, because you have lots of evidence here. The tv guide, the billboards, and the fact that the superbowl happens every year are all evidence that it will happen when you expect.
If we go with your defintion that faith is belief without evidence, then you clearly are acting on reason, because you have lots of evidence here. The tv guide, the billboards, and the fact that the superbowl happens every year are all evidence that it will happen when you expect.  Exactly.  And as I point out, if you include "faith" in your reasoning for believing in something, it's circular, no matter what you combine it with. That's why you're a reasoner unkerpaulie, not a preacher, about the superbowl.  I think as in many cases, the word "faith" is being used for two purposes, but that's certainly not the kind of faith Montalban notes.  Faith: defined as "trust", is a reasoned trust, a probablity. It's not making a claim. I have faith my friend will make this next field goal. "friend doesn't".  Shoot. But I won't declare that he made the field goal anyway..so it is just a descriptive word for where I think the outcome will be, based on my own decision tree.  Faith: belief in the divine, belief without evidence, certainty despite evidence, etc. is what we're discussing here however.  -Mach
yes, but the superbowl hasnt happened. you have no EVIDENCE that the superbowl will air on sunday, but you have REASONS to believe it will. I hope the difference is clear  if you can accept the word of the tv guide and the track record of superbowls airing on channel 5 on a sunday every year as EVIDENCE, then you have exactly as much foundation as someone that believes in God through reading the bible and a track record of God's intervention in their personal life  the fact is, by definition and every other means, accepting that the superbowl will air on channel 5 on sunday is a matter of FAITH. there is no evidence that the superbowl will happen as stated.  Yes and no IMHO.  There is plenty of evidence. There's the tradition of past Super Bowls, the TV guide, the league schedule, there's playoff games happening, there's a network preparing, there's a half time show being prepared, there's a stadium that's booked and being prepared. That's sufficient evidence IMHO to form a reasonable belief that the Super Bowl (an Eagle's victory :p) is going to happen.  Depending on your definition of "faith", I guess it takes faith to believe that the game will actually be played, there's a lot of factors. However, that version of "faith" does not require unwavering belief in the abscence of evidence, or what's more, in the face of contradictory evidence.  Waxy
yes, but the superbowl hasnt happened. you have no EVIDENCE that the superbowl will air on sunday, but you have REASONS to believe it will. I hope the difference is clear. I understand the difference, but it's really largely semantic. Yes, there is no direct evidence for an event which hasn't occurred yet. There is, however, what I would call indirect evidence, and which you call reasons. If we have direct evidence that something happens reliably under a given set of circumstances, and those circumstances are about to occur, than we have a reason, based on our previous direct evidence, to believe it will happen again.     if you can accept the word of the tv guide and the track record of superbowls airing on channel 5 on a sunday every year as EVIDENCE, then you have exactly as much foundation as someone that believes in God through reading the bible and a track record of God's intervention in their personal life  Not quite. We're not excepting tv guide's word blindly. Several million people can corroborate that it's been correct in the past. There's no one around who can do the same for the Bible.    the fact is, by definition and every other means, accepting that the superbowl will air on channel 5 on sunday is a matter of FAITH. there is no evidence that the superbowl will happen as stated. Again, there's an important semantic point to be made here. Religion is based on blind faith, with no real evidence to support it. Your belief that the tv guide knows when the super bowl will be is based on your direct experience that its always gotten it right before. There's a logic reason for your belief.
this "indirect evidence" is somewhat subjective, but it is important in making decisions based on reliability and track record. however, there is no real guarantee that the superbowl will occur, or that channel 5 will air it.  ... this is all reasonable, but it is definitely an act of faith  You're overloading the word "faith" here. Yes, a bomb could go off and the super bowl might not happen. The odds of this are really slim though. Smart money says the super bowl will happen when the tv guides says, because the super bowl always has happened when the tv guide said. Our direct experience gives us a degree of confidence in this prediction. Call it "faith" if you must, but it isn't the same sort of "faith" that allows people to believe in an omnipotent being which is completely outside their experience, and for which there is no direct evidence what-so-ever. That's the distinction I'm trying to make here.     the term "blindly" is also subjective. most people that subscribe to tv guide never question what it says, they just plan their time around it without needing a second opinion or corroboration from any other source. whether you want to call it "blindly" is up to you  Ah, but they do have corroboration from another source: the tv. The tv guide says something, and the tv backs it up. If I just mailed you a random tv schedule you wouldn't believe it automatically, you'd check to see if it's accurate. You've used the tv guide for years, so you've already determined it's accurate.   in the same way, the perception of millions of christians is that God does what his word says he will do. they've percieve this within their own lives and have heard the testimony of others that it is true. to them, this is evidence to support their belief. based on the apparent agreement from different sources, it can be percieved that the bible has been correct in the past, and in different circumstances in the present. as far as the definition goes, this is just as valid as evidence as the tv guide schedule and the history of superbowl airings in the past This is a bit fuzzy, don't you think? All I've heard from Christians is that they believe that God has influenced them. That's not evidence that it's true. And it's certainly not evidence that the Bible is true. As for parts of the Bible having been demonstrated to be true; it has also been demonstrated that parts are false.
however, there is no real guarantee that the superbowl will occur, or that channel 5 will air it. but we still accept it as true.  We don't believe that there is a 100% chance that the superbowl will occur, we believe that there is a high, but not completely certain, chance that it will. This is inductive reasoning.  It is, however, faith to believe that there is a 100% chance the superbowl will occur, but such belief is fallacious. The rationalist recognizes that there is still the possibility that it won't occur, due to some crazy fluke or something.  See the distinction?
yes, but the superbowl hasnt happened. you have no EVIDENCE that the superbowl will air on sunday, but you have REASONS to believe it will. I hope the difference is clear  if you can accept the word of the tv guide and the track record of superbowls airing on channel 5 on a sunday every year as EVIDENCE, then you have exactly as much foundation as someone that believes in God through reading the bible and a track record of God's intervention in their personal life  the fact is, by definition and every other means, accepting that the superbowl will air on channel 5 on sunday is a matter of FAITH. there is no evidence that the superbowl will happen as stated.  I think most have filled in the question, but one that hasn't been specifically answered is having evidence before something happens.  Evidence doesn't pertain only to present or past tense, even if the superbowl "hasn't happened", there can most certainly be evidence that it WILL happen. (You can drop a ball and predict it will hit the ground, even though it hasn't hit the ground yet, in simplest example).  However, as Dzeron says, that still doesn't imply that most people use evidence to claim 100% certainty..it's probablilty with most of us, crucial to reasoning.  -Mach
 it hasnt been PROVEN that everything the tv guide says comes to pass, the possibility that it wont always exists. whenever there is a possibility that something different than expected can happen, no matter how improbable, we take on FAITH that it will be so.   Can you explain how this sort of faith is related to faith in God's existance?
i'm glad you brought that up. it doesnt require faith to believe a mixture of acid and alkaline will produce a salt, or that a ball will accelerate downward if you drop it. action-consequence relations will remain true regardless. these are PROVEN  Actually, science accepts many things as highly improbable, quantum mechanics is one field that utilizes the concept.  You are incorrect with the ball drop. A ball WILL NOT accelerate downward if you drop it and hit at the time you calculate IF:  Your friend catches it instead A gust of wind blows it away (think florida hurricane wind) the earth explodes the sun explodes the sun gets bigger and vaporizes the ball An alien that has been watching you, unseen, decides to appear and catch the ball.  These things are highly improbable (assuming your friend isn't nearby!), yet also entirely possible. So they are not fact, it's a reasoned guess, a highly PROBABLE guess the ball will hit the ground, but a guess nonetheless.  it hasnt been PROVEN that everything the tv guide says comes to pass,  In the same way, usually it's right, based on past evidence and the knowledge that TV guide is trying to be accurate, it's a good guess what's written WILL happen. Yes, a gust of 140mph wind is LESS likely, both both are possible.  the possibility that it wont always exists.  Same with the ball drop.  You say "measure of faith", meaning the more evidence in favor, the smaller the measuer of faith. With less evidence, the faith becomes greater. Evidence is clearly part of this "measure of faith" equation, which is the "other" definition of faith. It's:  Faith ----- evidence = measuere of faith, inverse relationship.  The definition of faith, that at leat I am referring to, is: Belief without evidence.  Which removes it from your classifcation since the evidence is by definition, 0.  -Mach
a ball wil ALWAYS accelerate downward when dropped.   Always?  Is it really always.  I agree on the law of gravity, as it relates to the mathematical equation, I don't agree that if you drop a ball it will ALWAYS ACCELERATE downward.  Rather pointless detail I know, but you're the one that got us into this "philosophical" discussion. :p  Waxy
lol, you guys are good  bootfitter, i'll take your scenario, even though the ball would accelerate downward due to the force gravity, the force of the magnet would be stronger, and the net acceleration would be upward. the acceleration towards the floor would still exist, but you wouldnt know it does unless you compare it the magnetic force on the ball in a weightless environment  waxy, i could get technical and legal about it, but the word ALWAYS will still apply. try these on for size:  an object free of any other force than gravity will ALWAYS accelerate toward the center of the gravitational body  objects statically charged with the same charge will ALWAYS repel  a floating object will ALWAYS displace the volume of fluid equal to its own weight  thermal energy will ALWAYS transfer from a body of higher temperature to a body of lower temperature that is in contact with it   i could go on, but i think you guys get the gist...  :) I'm getting a lot out of this discussion, having to think through these things is more fun than I'm use to on the forums of late. I don't know the outcome of this discussion, probably why it's enjoyable.  Yes, I agree, I think at some point basic laws of physics describe the fabric (for lack of a better term) of the universe, and are actually part of it. If the universe exists, then these "givens" are by it's existence, true, as in your gravity/acceleration and thermodynamics case. The only uncertainty seems to be our ability to describe it, which oddly enough sounds like the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. I am glad however he didn't use the word "Faith" in describing our prediction as to where an electron will be at any given instant! :)  -Mach
BRAVO, unkerpaulie!  I have been waiting for that - almost holding my breath!  So true! Faith without works is indeed dead.  BTW - you made my morning. Thanks.  :) Lucky you.  I've been waiting for Montalban's defense :)  -Mach
I have faith in what she says You have faith that your mother is correct. Your faith is your evidence that your mother is correct.  What could you not prove by participating in circular reasoning? It's fallacy, good luck with it.  Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. yes.  But then you throw in "reasoned faith". But then you are making up terms that try to show faith as reason. What is reasoned faith? If reasoned faith is the same as "reason", then fine, you aren't using faith. If it's faith, belief without evidence, then your evidence is your faith, and thus, it's circular.  If your faith is even part of your "evidence" or "reason" for belief, then logically the entire claim is arrived at through circular reasoning. You can use both all you like, I'm just letting you know it's fallacy to claim faith as evidence, which you do. If you do not, then you are using reason, and not faith, and we don't need to continue because I see no fallacy in using evidence to back your claim.  Enjoy.  I found this as well, maybe it will be worded in such a way that you understand, since you seem to reject my arguments based on my name.  http://rous.redbarn.org/objectivism/Writing/JoelKatz/answers2.html Faith and reason are two mutually exclusive epistemological methods. 'Faith' refers to beliefs held without sensory evidence and logical deduction (or in contradiction to such evidence). 'Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of sensory and logical evidence. One can no more have faith in ideas derived by reason than one can have a reason to accept ideas on faith.  How ironic that the argument is an appeal to reason (to the circular argument fallacy) that explicitly denounces the validity of reason itself. How would the person posing this argument answer the claim that there is nothing wrong with circular reasoning? Would he say I was being unreasonable?    Please do tell Montalban.  -Mach
this i agree with. but while it sounds rational to provide for the slim chance that the superbowl wouldnt occur, we can reasonably ignore that possibility, and still plan our party, buy drinks and invite friends over. of course if for whatever reason the superbowl is cancelled/not showing, you figure the risk is not that great, and the chance of the superbowl airing as scheduled is in your favor. its a risk you can take, but faith is still involved  with any event where a risk of the unexpected is involved, there is a measure of faith as well. for the 100% certain, no faith is needed. for the very uncertain, you need a lot more faith. there is no evidence that the unpredictable will certainly occur, yet everyday we believe that they will.  Faith isn't involved. Have you ever heard of game theory?  Suppose Bob reasons that there is a 90% chance that the superbowl wil occur. Bob gets 10 "utils" from preparing for a superbowl party if the superbowl occurs, -10 utils if he prepares for a party and the suprbowl doesn't occur, and 0 utils if he doesn't prepare for the party.  Bob multiplies the chances by the utils, and adds them.  Choice 1: Prepare for a superbowl party. 10 utils * 90% chance = 9 utils + -10 utils * 10% chance = -1 util = 8 utils  Choice 2: Don't prepare for the superbowl party. 0 utils.  8 < 0  It is thus rational for Bob to choose Choice 1, since he gets more overall utils out if it. There is no faith involved.
Mach, one site does not an argument make.  "Hope this post wasn't too long :)  FYI, 303003 sites also do not make an argument. So you rebut nothing and make an irrelvant statement.   If you haven't noticed, you ignored the entire rest of the post, and each point you were being argued on. It's your move still. =================================== I have faith in what she says    You have faith that your mother is correct. Your faith is your evidence that your mother is correct.  This is fallacy, circular reasoning. Faith by definition is a belief without evidence.   If your faith is even part of your "evidence" or "reason" for belief (logical AND), then logically the entire claim is fallacy, circular reasoning.    That's my arugment, I rely on you to show where the flaws are, so we can proceed. ===============================================  Based on basic definitions:  Quote: 1. Faith and reason are two mutually exclusive epistemological methods.   2. 'Faith' refers to beliefs held without sensory evidence and logical deduction (or in contradiction to such evidence).  3. 'Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of sensory and logical evidence.   4.One can no more have faith in ideas derived by reason than one can have a reason to accept ideas on faith.   Which numbered statements do you disagree with?  http://rous.redbarn.org/objectivism...z/answers2.html[/url] ==========================================  You have two points from me, one (which has been clearly shown in 4 steps), from the author, which is essentially the same argument.  So, I'd like to see you response specifically to these three points. Enjoy.  -Mach
Not at all. You cite one site and say that you've got the answer. You come from a background obviously devoid of epistemological study, hence you make statements to the effect that you do; that there's no such thing as reasoned faith. 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone disagree with you. And, there's secular sites too. But you're so RIGHT in your own opinion, that your lone voice is worth all of them.  I cited heaps of sites that disagree with you. Sorry that you seem to ignore this small inconvenience to the rest of your silly argument.If your faith is even part of your  I did this. Again you missed it. Selective myopia seems not to have caught the many sites I cited that retort your very limited understanding of philosophical arguments. Hence you repeat the mantra that faith and reason are mutually exclusive.  It would help to have a reasoned post. Simply restating your one site doesn't help you. Are they are well-versed in philosophy? You perhaps should resort to something by Kierkegaard. At least your position should be grounded in the study of philosophy. I give you this so you can at least effectively understand the nature of your own position. The Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy states there are three choices you can have... "Religious faith is of two kinds: evidence-sensitive and evidence-insensitive. The former views faith as closely coordinated with demonstrable truths; the latter more strictly as an act of the will of the religious believer alone. The former includes evidence garnered from the testimony and works of other believers. It is, however, possible to hold a religious belief simply on the basis either of faith alone or of reason alone. Moreover, one can even lack faith in God or deny His existence, but still find solace in the practice of religion." http://www.utm.edu/research/iep/f/faith-re.htm Note you can have reason alone, or faith alone, but you can have faith and reason; reasoned faith. Your philosophy is stated as "The incompatibilist model." It is the axiom by which you draw all other statements of belief from, even the one about science being rational. Because you believe that there's a gulf between faith and reason, and this is a philosophical stance, not a truth. I have a different philosophical stance, to be sure. However your stance is so far backed up by, well... your stance... and one obscure web-site reference. You should also check out your own site again, before re-stating it; it lists as 'reason' sensory perception, in other words, feelings. "'Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of sensory and logical evidence." http://rous.redbarn.org/objectivism/Writing/JoelKatz/answers2.html That is, if I believe it is cold, it is cold. (Where in, I could be mistaken, because of the relativeness degree of 'cold').  Perhaps you might want to pick-up the book featured at this article "Author Helps Science-Minded Skeptics Discover Well-Reasoned Faith" http://news.christiansunite.com/Religion_News/religion01045.shtml  So, I've shown Christian and secular sites. Here's a Hindu one Reasoned Faith: Hindus declare that blind faith and dogma are the two most vicious sources of conflict in the world; only reasoned faith can ensure harmony in the world. "I know that I myself owe it to thinking that I was able to retain my faith in religion...," writes Dr. Albert Schweitzer.17 One's deepest convic-tions must be vindicated by reason. Reason says that it is irreligious to perform religious actions which cause pain and discomfort to others. It is alright if an organized religion inspires its followers in the existence of God and prescribes a discipline to reach Him. At the same time, it is also important to recognize that God is above all religious systems, even though theologians may set limits to Him. http://www.hindubooks.org/authors/bansi_pandit/hindu_dharma/ch12.htm Here's a Moslem one.. The Islamic tradition holds that the revelation granted to Muhammad had three principle elements: islam or submission to God, ihsan or moral and spiritual duties to the rest of humanity, and iman or faith. This word, faith, is a fairly poor rendering of iman ; one might better understand the word if it's translated as "reasoned faith" or "conviction."  http://www.wsu.edu:8080/~dee/GLOSSARY/IMAN.HTM  Montalban, unforunately, being right isn't dictated by # of links, is the point of my response. I know you'd like to think all your quotes and links "mean" something, they don't, if you're still wrong, which you are. I really like the" 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone disagree with you." No kidding! Well, 20,000 scientists disagree with YOU! See why we being right doesn't necessarily depend on volume? Just silly of you. Try defeating my points and presenting counter-points, in a controlled fashion, if you dare.  When you feel like actually debating rather than ignoring my arguments, to which you have obviously no reply (since you know you lost), you can see post #42 where I show your arguments are fallacy. If you really DO have a reply to post #42, a post with clear numbers and questions that anyone could comprehend, please do. You can post new question, by all means, but I want to see YOUR answers to my questions, and how you refute them, logically.   views faith as closely coordinated with demonstrable truths Hehehe. You really are too much some times. "Closely coordinated"...sort of like weapons of mass destruction related program activities.  -Mach
being certain that there is a fire in the neighboorhood requires faith   One does not have to be 100% certain that there is a fire in the neighborhod in order to reason that the benefits of acting on the 90% or whatever certainity outweight the benefits of not acting. Ever heard of game theory?
When I was an atheist, I was quite unconvinced by rational arguments for the existence of God.  Now that I am a Christian, I am quite unconvinced by rational arguments for the existence of God.  B  If it weren't for the fact that I'm still an athiest, I'd be asking if I could use that for a sig. Very nice!
That's not exactly the argument I make. I say that we are dealing with a philosophical point, and you've cited one obscure site that has no references to whom the person is, whereas I have consulted philosophical sites, including dictionaries. You weigh these the same at your peril. Montalban, read carefully. It doesn't matter who writes it, or where it is, or how many. It only matters if it's correct or not. My argument stands with ZERO references or sites or posts. You can read the alternate wording only if you need to read a different wording of my argument. Just trying to help you stay on topic.  Really? Then cite them! And are they making arguments about reason based on science or philosophy? http://www.ncseweb.org/resources/articles/5945_the_faqs_2_16_2003.asp Although some here will surely see the irony of having to back up claims with volume by posting a science experiment that was intended to make fun of those who think volume means correctness. I certainly do.   Your argument is flawed because it rests on the nonsense that there's no such thing as reasoned faith; nonsense I can call it, due to you backing up your case above with a 'just-so' statement.  Can we focus on the root debate point or do you feel like running around a bit more? I'll take the above quote (the one right above this typing) as the root, and we can continue there.  -Mach
just a brief note: looking at both this thread and the "out of china" thread, in which bootfitter, monty and mach are debating, i am disturbed by the word "silly" next to "montalban". you 3 guys i respect in this forum for your articulate skill, knowledge and mature temperaments. please avoid the name-calling  i think this is the key to settling a major part of the back-and-forth-ing.  based on definitions 2 and 3 (which we can live with for the sake of this debate) r and f are mutually exclusive, in that you can back up your belief B with either r or f. however, r and f work hand in hand, as i pointed out in another thread. the sensory and logical evidence that back up B may not always be conclusive. in fact, most of the time we must leave some margin of error  for example, we can observe the sound of a siren up the block. this is sensory evidence. our belief would be that there is a fire in the neighboorhood. however, the sensory evidence is not conclusive, so there is a possibility or "risk" that you could be wrong about your belief. being certain that there is a fire in the neighboorhood requires faith. if the sound of a siren means there is a 40% chance that there is a fire in the neighboorhood, then the other 60% is based on faith  so here you have a case of f and r complementing each other to form a certainty of B. it is more logical to accept B with certainty when you have a much higher ratio of r to f. if r is overwhelming the f aspect, we call it a "reasonable belief". however, if more f than r is involved, then it is a "faith-based belief"  most beliefs have an element of both f and r  Glad to see you jumped into the ring on this one.  Faith is belief without evidence.  Reason: Belief based on some evidence, the amount matters not.  If you believe in a "fire" based on faith, your evidence is faith. That's circular reasoning. Your premise is that fire exists without evidence, to say you "reasoned" that fire exists, based on faith, is circular.  If you believe based on both reason AND faith, your reasoning is again circular.  Logically if reasoning based exclusively on faith is circular reasoning, then using that AND [anything you want to put here], is also circular.  ==================  Reason does not imply conclusive proof or some absolute certainity. That's again, your mixing up definitions in some odd fashion.   Bill watched TV all day, at 4:45 he drove around the block and his wife, coming home from work, reasoned he was at work all day, based on the evidence of his driving, the evidence of having seen him go to work before, and on the evidence that he probably wouldn't lie.  She does not have conclusive proof, yet she still reasoned (and she's actually incorrect to boot). You somehow argue that she used faith, and reason, to which I say you're making faith synonymous with reason. They are mutually exclusive unless you re-define faith as "reason". Reason does not imply conclusive, absolute, right, or wrong. Get the dictionary if you like, whatever works for you to revise your definition.  If you use a faith to back a claim, it's circular reasoning.  -Mach
lol  very true. the game theory does not preclude faith. the game theory is just about odds.  if there is a fire on your block, then the best action is to wet your house so that it wont get burnt easily. however, if you hear a siren down the block, the odds that this means a house on your block is burning is about 40%. (5 out of 10 times is a road accident, 1 out of ten is a domestic dispute/burglary/other). in this case it is not reasonable to start soaking your house down with a hose until you gather more evidence. if at this point (with only the siren as evidence) you start to pour water on your house, then you're acting unreasonably. you believe that there is a fire, without reasonable evidence, therefore you are acting in faith  if you hear a siren and see firemen attaching a hose to the hydrant (but you dont see a fire) then you have a 99.5% reasonable certainty that there is a fire on the block. if you see the fire, then its 100%  acting upon the certainty that a fire is on your block, it is reasonable to pour water on your house to protect it from spreading and burning your stuff  with faith, there is the risk of soaking your house down for nothing and looking like a fool. then again, there is the chance that you were right all along.   total faith is believing there is a fire with absolutley no clues that there is a fire on the block, and proceeding to pour water on your house based on nothing but this belief  That's fine and dandy, but to say your reason for pouring water on your house was because of your belief that there was a fire, based on no evidence, then your reasoning is circular. No one is saying you can't use fallacy to argue, such as "I am using a little faith and a lot of reason". I just think it's counter-productive if your goal is to arrive at a rational conclusion.  -Mach
That's hilarious. So, it just is right! Another fine 'just-so' argument from Mach. You argue that it's totally irrelevant that I cite philosophical sites. So much for the rational mind!  Quite the contrary. It's entirely reasonable or rational for an infinite number of statements to be incorrect, and one, single, opposing statement to be correct. You beg to differ? Please do, but don't excpect to hold a rational debate whie doing so. It's not "just-so", lol, it's basic reasoning, which you obviously don't support.   So...you're sticking with faith and reason can be combined? You either rename faith as reason, which is pointless, or you accept that faith is the opposite of reason and not a viable way to understand anything. I'll let you make the choice, if you choose to arrive at a rational conclusion of course.  Let's define them. If we can't agree on definitions, we cannot proceed.  I'll offer you first run of definitions. If we can agree on the definitions, maybe we can proceed.  (lol, I just read your claim that you "trounce" me. Oh please, just lay off the nonsense and stick to the argument, I do get a laugh at it now and again, but I can get more laughs with this sort of time investment almost anywhere else :) )  -Mach
just a brief note: looking at both this thread and the "out of china" thread, in which bootfitter, monty and mach are debating, i am disturbed by the word "silly" next to "montalban". you 3 guys i respect in this forum for your articulate skill, knowledge and mature temperaments. please avoid the name-calling  i think this is the key to settling a major part of the back-and-forth-ing.  based on definitions 2 and 3 (which we can live with for the sake of this debate) r and f are mutually exclusive, in that you can back up your belief B with either r or f. however, r and f work hand in hand, as i pointed out in another thread. the sensory and logical evidence that back up B may not always be conclusive. in fact, most of the time we must leave some margin of error  for example, we can observe the sound of a siren up the block. this is sensory evidence. our belief would be that there is a fire in the neighboorhood. however, the sensory evidence is not conclusive, so there is a possibility or "risk" that you could be wrong about your belief. being certain that there is a fire in the neighboorhood requires faith. if the sound of a siren means there is a 40% chance that there is a fire in the neighboorhood, then the other 60% is based on faith  so here you have a case of f and r complementing each other to form a certainty of B. it is more logical to accept B with certainty when you have a much higher ratio of r to f. if r is overwhelming the f aspect, we call it a "reasonable belief". however, if more f than r is involved, then it is a "faith-based belief"  most beliefs have an element of both f and r  Don't get me wrong, you can use both faith and reason to base your beliefs, they will however be irrational beliefs.  OK, since you aren't understanding that faith REQUIRES no evidence, else, if it accepts evidence, it's reason.  We'll try two more.  So you think they are distinct ways of arriving at knowledge?  OK then, pass the test.  1. Show me how faith can be used reliably to show something as either true or false.  If you cannot, then faith is indeed faith, and not reason. If you show it as a way to determine what's real/true vs false/not real, then it will automatically be reason, by definition. ==============================================  2. Secondly, faith is simply not necessary for explaning something. It's by definition, not an explanation, but a dogma, "THIS IS TRUE". No evidence is needed. If you can show me some things that faith IS necessary for explaining, then again, we might get somewhere (you cannot unfortunately).  -Mach
As I said, I'm not arguing by volume of citations. I already made that clear before, in post #51. Yes, you could argue that you are correct in your view. But it's in reality just your opinion because you've stated it, and one obscure site that doesn't really support your beliefs anyway (note their notion of reality equating with feelings). Whereas I have cited from philosophical sources; because that's the nature of this argument. So, merely ignoring what I said in post #51, and re-stating your opinion, you've gone on with the way you typically debate; debate the argument you think I have made, rather than what I have made. There seems to be some difficulty here because you continually do this. You even cite a site that doesn't support your own argument (see below). And as to your 'basic reasoning even if you were actually debating something I said as opposed to something you think I said, then you've made an argument that won't support yourself, either. To say that there can be 'x' amount of statements made, some of which are correct - how does that help your own argument? (How does this make your argument correct?)  As shown, I have 2,000 years of thinkers that agree with this; and that's just on the notion of Christian faith can be combined with reason. I also cited from a Hindu site and a Muslim site where they believe their respective religious views can be combined with reason. You refuted this and cited one place that talks about the number of people who believe evolution is true; which as I say, is hilarious, because it is an answer to a question not put, not even by you.  I already have defined them, both using regular English dictionary sources and philosophical dictionary sources.  Why state this twice in the same post? Why even state it again when we've gone over this on numerous posts before? Why even argue against yourself within the same post? At top you argue that there's no need to cite sites, you're just 'right'. Why not just claim victory? :)  Considering that you put information against arguments not made, I continue to get a belly-laugh from your posts. Especially when you make arguments against yourself. I made it clear that this axiom of yours, from which most of your debating emanates is false. It is difficult to get someone to shift paradigms; even in the face of masses of evidence; which isn't the argument I make, but you at least recognise that there's much more evidence cited by me.  As always, we have to sift through your nonsense to arrive at a rational debate, to which you will of course depart from. But for everyone elses amusement, let's proceed with simple definitions taken from your post. Keep in mind we might need to further clarify either to arrive at a conclusion.  Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of the senses and logical evidence.  So, we start with two simple sentences, can you keep it concise? Please do try, this might be educational to some readers.  First question( notice how I have gotten less, and less verbose in an effort to get you to answer questions?)  1. Describe to us how faith can be used determine whether something is true or false.  2. If reason can be used to determine if anything which is knowable is true or false, what then is faith applied to, lol, or "reasonedfaith", this new word? What would reason, on it's own, not be applicable to that we would need some new definitions?  Enjoy.  -Mach
St.Augustine believed " Belief enlightened by understanding becomes a reasoned faith" http://www.crvp.org/book/Series01/I-9/chapter_i.htm  The Catholics state Christian faith is based on reasoned faith; this is in their Catechism 35 Man's faculties make him capable of coming to a knowledge of the existence of a personal God. But for man to be able to enter into real intimacy with him, God willed both to reveal himself to man and to give him the grace of being able to welcome this revelation in faith. The proofs of God's existence, however, can predispose one to faith and help one to see that faith is not opposed to reason. http://www.vatican.va/archive/catechism/p1s1c1.htm#II  Christians rely on rezoned faith... "Sometimes our answers seem somewhat lame, but in reality there is only so much one can say before one must acknowledge that, while there are certain things we simply cannot fully understand about this, reasoned faith, as defined in St James, becomes the only recourse" http://www.oca.org/pages/orth_chri/q-and-a_old/sinlessness-of-mary.html  And in the understanding of the Bible...Matthew Henry's classic Bible commentary of the Book of James states... "2. Faith is a grace that one expression supposes and another expressly requires: Knowing this, that the trial of your faith, v. 3; and then in v. 6, Let him ask in faith. There must be a sound believing of the great truths of Christianity, and a resolute cleaving to them, in times of trial. That faith which is spoken of here as tried by afflictions consists in a belief of the power, and word, and promise of God, and in fidelity and constancy to the Lord Jesus." http://www.gospelcom.net/eword/comments/james/mh/james1.htm  Further, in understanding the Christian faith, he adds... "I. Let us consider the address to sinners" http://www.gospelcom.net/eword/comments/james/mh/james5.htm That is, he calls us to think/reason about what is being said.... "1. He foretels the judgments of God that should come upon them, v. 1-3. they should have miseries come upon them, and such dreadful miseries that the very apprehension of them was enough to make them weep and howl-misery that should arise from the very things in which they placed their happiness, and misery that should be completed by these things witnessing against them at the last, to their utter destruction; and they are now called to reason upon and thoroughly to weigh the matter, and to think how they will stand before God in judgment: Go to now, you rich men." (Ibid)  Also, in judging whom we should be faithful/trusting of...we can use reason... "When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we can shrug it off: His right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)" Michel de Montaigne in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"  Further, slightly oblique... "A Reasoned Argument For Faith : Answering the six deadly arguments of atheism" http://christianity.about.com/library/weekly/aa040101.htm  Did you post this before reading my questions? I'm asking you, in about 5 sentence or so, to answer my questions, else, you forfeit your debate with me. You can post all you like obviously, but you'll still forfeit. If you want to post TWO specific points as follow-up, in addition to your answers, please do so. That way we have two points going each, at any give time. Otherwise, as seen here, and in every other post, you simply are not clear in your debate.  -Mach
So you're saying that there's a rational debate in amongst the nonsense? So good of you to continue to issue contradictory statements to the bemusement of people on the other side of the world :)  Tut tut. If we're going to court dishonest debate then I will have to respond. You made the ill-conceived statement that faith and reason are mutually exclusive; to whit there's no such thing as reasoned faith.  Nice shifting of the goal-posts Mach. You're branching out on tactics; now selective quoting. I'm not disputing your view of faith, or reason. I'm disputing your notion of reasoned faith; that there's no in-between.  It hasn't worked with you.  As this isn't your original complaint, let's not go down this path just yet, shall we? We need to get over the little hiccup where you maintain, despite the evidence, that faith and reason are polar opposites, and because of this, there's no happy medium called reasoned faith. SO, verbose or not, you're posing new questions, when we're not through dealing with (your) education on the issue of 'reasoned faith' (despite the evidence; in fact, oddly, you the pro-evidence person argue here that the evidence itself is in fact a handicap; and you'd rather quote from obscure web-sites simply because they contain a sentence that happens to, albeit out of context, support your belief).  PS Reasoned faith is not a word. It is a phrase, it is a concept... Like "Green space-ship" is a phrase, your 'logic' (in the most liberal definition of the word) operates on the idea that because you can't look "green space-ship" up in the dictionary, it is not proper English usage.    Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of the senses and logical evidence.  So, we start with two simple sentences. Can you keep it concise (rhetorical, answer is no, since we can read your last two posts).  First question:  1. Describe to us how faith can be used determine whether something is true or false.  2. If reason can be used to determine if anything which is knowable is true or false, what then is faith applied to?   You can post 2 of your own questions. Please do. Use numbers, they help (you). ======================================== PS. You phrase is nonsense. reasoned faith.  Faith, belief without evidence, arrived at through reason, which by definition requires evidence. Inconsistent.  Sorry, please try again with a rational statement, phrase, or question.  See, I'm more than happy to debate in whatever order you like, don't be so antagonistic please, just ask!  Enjoy.  -Mach
I'd still like to point out that if you want to debate, I'm more than happy to oblige.  However, you seem to want to not engage, so I'll ask again:  Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of the senses and logical evidence. ======================================== You want to argue that there can be "reasoned faith." You phrase is nonsense.   Reasoned faith: Faith, belief without evidence, arrived at through reason, which by definition requires evidence. That's inconsistent.  Reasoned faith, is not a rational statement because it's self-contradictory. So, you need to re-define or debate something else, or show me specifically how my rebuttal is incorrect. ================================  So, we start with two simple sentences. Can you keep it concise (rhetorical, answer is no, since we can read your last two posts).  First question:  1. Describe to us how faith can be used determine whether something is true or false.  2. If reason can be used to determine if anything which is knowable is true or false, what then is faith applied to?   You can post 2 of your own questions. Please do. Use numbers, they help (you). ====================================  Where is unkerpaulie to see how difficult it is to keep you on any topic, 2 points of my choosing, 2 of yours. Is everyone seeing this? I certainly hope so. I think these are importan rational arguments to have. Please do support your position.  -Mach
Your correct in that I'm replying in a concise manner.  You want to detach the phrase "reasoned faith", from the definitions of the words in the phrase, "reason", and "faith".  This is mighty curious, let's give you some slack and allow you to explain:  1. If it's a phrase, as you say, you are saying this does not imply that reasoned faith, is the same as faith arrived at through reason? How can you reconcile this in the english language?  2. If you have made up some new phrase, that has a meaning other than "reasoned faith" would imply by any english speaker, please do fill us in on this definition of "reasoned faith". Then we can also debate this version of your story.  Because as it stands, reasoned faith is simply, as I said, and will state again:  Faith is belief without evidence. Reason requires evidence, therefore you're "phrase" is inconsistent because you cannot use faith with evidence, and still be using faith, BY DEFINITION.  This redefining a word to avoid fallacy is fallacy as well, so I hope that's not what you're doing here, I will most certainly catch you in it.  -Mach
A concise manner? That again is not something I stated previously. I stated you argue about something we're agreed upon and that you ignore the evidence I post, and ask for evidence, even though I posted it.  It's not me who wants to do this. It's very easy of you to paint this as me -v- the rest of the world. I have given you a large number of sites and implied 2,000 years of Christian teaching.  Again, you choose to term this into something that I am doing. It is easier, I guess, for you to reason that this is just 'Montalban's theory'. I also gave an analogy right at the beginning re: my mum. You must have missed that, too.  Again you ask for evidence I've already given. Go see my previous post where I list at least three posts where that evidence is given.  Yes, I know you just love saying this. Curious! I pointed this out in the previous two posts. But, you just go on telling everyone this.  No. Creating a phrase to best describe circumstances is not a fallacy. And again, stop pretending that this is something that I am doing. Sheesh! You're just determined to go on auto-pilot and print stuff almost without regard to what is said.  Can you, in your next hundred posts re-print what 'faith' means? Please, just in case someone missed it.  You have chosen to post this mumbo jumbo, instead of posting ONE SIMPLE DEFINITION:  Here, I'll start it for you:  REASONED FAITH IS :  ==================================================== - - - - - =====================================================  ^^^^^^ ||||||||| YOUR DEFINITION GOES HERE  *NO LINKS to 20 pages of nonsense, EITHER CUT AND PASTE IT OR WRITE IT IN YOUR OWN WORDS  Thanks!  -Mach
There are a many number of ways to prove God's existance. First off, we're here -- that's the first method. But in most cases, people don't heed to that.  I can understand why. Rationally "we're here" means just that. We're here. It doesn't mean Jerry Springer is a God, any more than in means that we are here because of a God, or any less for that matter.   The golden number or divine proportion is clear evidence of God's intelligent design of us and our universe. This number, which is 1.618033989 (rounded), is a ratio that is seen throughout creation. Phi is represented with the Greek letter phi, which is &#934;.  It is seen in geometry, spirals of seashells, the human ear, face, and body proportions, DNA, the human heartbeat, and of course, mathematics.   The sine of 666 degrees is 1/2 of anti-phi, or negative phi.  -2(sin 666°) = &#934; -2(-0.8090169944) = &#934; 1.618033989 = &#934;  666 degrees is 54 degrees short of a complete 2 circles. If you divide the measure of a full circle by 54, you get 6.66666666.  2.5 cubits / 1.5 cubits = 1.66666666, which is close enough to phi that the difference proprtions of the ark of the covenant to &#934; won't be a difference noticed by the human eye.  This exact same number can also be derived from the dimensions of the ark.  The breadth / height, which is 50/40, equals 1.66666666, which is not that far off from our calculation of &#934;. &#934; is was also used by the Greeks and Egyptians in the building of their structures.  You may think I'm psycho, but &#934; is yet another piece of evidence showing God's existance and that He created us.  More information about the golden number  Your math shows mathematic results, no more, no less. Your assumption that because [insert a bunch of meaningless mathematics] = there is a god and he created us, leaves a few things unanswered. Well, no, actually it leaves everything unanswered.   Your entire line of reasoning is inconclusive at best. Actually, if we start with your mention of god, it's reduced to the fallacy of contradiction right from the start. But don't worry, there are also people who approach life in a rational manner with regards to "religions" of all sorts. You can check them out here:  http://www.ffrf.org/fttoday/  Where all humans are welcome to throw off the shackles of organized dogma.  -Mach
How funny you call reasoned debate 'mumbo jumbo'  Since you're incapable of understanding the evidence I put forward in Posts #40, #46, and #66. 'Tis a pity you call rationally set out evidence 'nonsense' simply because it doesn't confirm with your own a prioris.  However, I am in this for the purposes of education...yours... so....   ======================================================== ======================================================== Faith tempered by reason is reasoned faith. ======================================================== ========================================================  So a river with a sandy bottom is not a river? So a human on steroids is not a human? So a sword tempered by heat is not a sword?  I'm not following your definition, because you contradict yourself earlier.  We're not arguing about Faith. We're arguing about reasoned faith. Reasoned faith is not faith. Guess what? It's 'reasoned faith'.  But then: Faith tempered by reason is reasoned faith.  Is faith used in conjunction with reason somehow not faith used with reason? I realize you have to be illogical/irrational to argue your side, but I don't appreciate it.  So, I was correct to reply:  Faith, belief without evidence, arrived at through reason, which by definition requires evidence.   Inconsistent.  So, go figure, I was correct all along and you just didn't know it.  -Mach
Such nonsense, let's clear you up.  Reason is a method for seperating out what is true and what is false.  Reason is sufficient, entirely, for this task. Why would you need to make up a new phrase called "reasoned faith"?  Your statement that faith "made stronger" by reason is somehow not faith is curious, and nonsensical.  The flavor of strawberry might have some raspberry added to it, but it's still a flavor.  A sword changed by heat is still a sword. PERIOD. It's different than sword A, but its still a sword. Don't be so irrational.   See # 2 below? Please abide by it, else we have no need to debate. It will help your arguments make sense.  Let's remind you:  1. Law of identify. Anything is itself. If a proposition is true, than it is true. 2. The law of the excluded middle: anythign is either A, or not A. A proposition can either be true, or false. 3. Law of contradiction (your favorite!!) - nothing can be both A, and not A. A proposition cannot be both true, and false.   Faith: Beliefs that require no evidence Reason: Beliefs that require evidence  So, please say it again. PLEASE say it's both. Please please please say it's BOTH again.  How many degrees of wrong can you be in a single post?   -mach
a belief is something one is certain is true. reason and faith are different bases for a belief. one can believe something is true through faith, or through reason. if i am certain (believe) that cars can fly because i dreamt i saw a car fly, or because i actually saw a flying car, doesnt make the belief any different, only the basis of the belief. no belief "requires" a specific type of basis. even the belief in ghosts (if they did indeed exist) could be based on belief or reason  however, one single belief can be based in both faith and reason. in fact, faith is usually the default basis, and it is replaced by reason as evidence comes up. many things we are certain of are based in faith and reason simultaneously. the relationship between the 2 is inverse, the more evidence there is, the less the belief relies on faith. the basis for a single belief can also switch from primarily or entirely faith to primarily or entirely reason and vice versa. we can be certain of something based on evidence, then later find out that our reason does not lead to the conclusion we came up with. if we continue to hold on to that belief even without evidence, then its a faith-based belief. similarly (and this is the most common case), we may believe something to be true simply because we were told. eventually, we start gathering evidence that backs up what we originally believed, making the basis for that belief change from faith to reason, without changing the belief itself  1. A belief is most certainly not a known truth. Degree of certainty is fine to apply to anything approached through reason. Reason however assumes anything CAN be known, whether it's known or not doesn't change that it can be known. I'm more certain about my existence than I am about my belief in the exact age of the earth, and will always be this way. Reason does not imply perfect knowledge, only a way of arriving at knowledge.  2. The instant you use reason to back your belief, faith is no more. It's not a graduated change. Why:  2. The law of the excluded middle: anythign is either A, or not A. A proposition can either be true, or false. 3. Law of contradiction - nothing can be both A, and not A. A proposition cannot be both true, and false.  Faith: Belief justified without evidence Reason: Belief justified by evidence.  That might be a bit more clear. You can be incorrect in your justification, but it doesn't mean you didn't arrive at your belief through reason.  However: You either USE evidence for your belief, or you don't. There is no middle, and it cannot be both. I think religious and common definitions of faith confuse the issue. Faith in your case is synonomous with a degree of certainty, unless it's entirely based without evidence, in which case it's faith.  Either you use evidence, or you do not, there is no middle, it cannot be both. Fortunately for us, else we would be incapable of reason.  -Mach
there are some things that cannot be determined by reason. will your neighbor return your weedwacker? is your business partner being honest? will my city be safe from a terrorist attack? yet these possibilities are just as much reality as archimedes principle or newtons laws.    Nonsense. If it's outside of reason, where is it? Reason does not imply certainty. You can have a degree of certainty with regards to reason. The ONLY requirement is that you can rationally justify your belief.  Correct example:  Will my neighbor return my weedwaker: - Returning borrowed things is often considered a good thing to do - However, people often are lazy and forget or put it off - Some people steal, but I know my neighbor is well-off and should have no reason to steal a $100 weedwacker (gas powered!) - My neighbor exists - I DID let my neighbor borrow my weedwacker, which I believe also exists. - I asked my neighbor to return it when he's done with it. - He hasn't had it long, I still think he's well within etiquette to not have returned it yet. - Then again, my neighbor is rarely home and very forgetful, I will probably have to remind him.   Conclusion1: My neighbor will return my weedwacker. Conclusion2: My neighbor will not return my weedwacker. Conlcusion3: I'm fairly certain my neighbor will return my ww. Conclsuion4: I don't think by neighbor will return the ww, but he might. OR: I am not going to come to a conclusion yet.  All of these are consistent with reason.  You have to have no evidence to utilize faith. Again, there is no middle to these statemetns: Faith requires no evidence Reason requires evidence  I don't care if you need 1 unit of evidence, or 10000, if you REQUIRE it, you require it. If you don't, you don't.    i agree. however, you continue to ignore the fact that inconclusive evidence exist (and therefore partial reasoning).   No, I don't ignore it. It's wholly accepted and embraced, and logical. As detailed above. It's entirely consistent with reason. You can make false conclusions using reason, we do it daily!  -Mach
  "It makes the assumption that two concepts are 'crisply defined as either [a] or [b].   crisply...I don't know about you but "crisply" wasn't in the description when I learned the concept about 10 years ago. But that's as irrelevant as your claims about when I arrived at my knowledge. -------------------------------------- A. - Faith does not require evidence - Reason requires evidence.  Either something REQUIRES evidence, or it does not REQUIRE evidence, in this case.   Which is it? You can't logically defend your position that it can somehow be neither, some mysterious third choice. Unless you choose to be irrational, in which case you can claim, well, anything you like (it just won't be based on reality). ============================= B. Is it a flavor, or isn't it? A different flavor! Oh my!  Still a flavor, by definition! Is it a sword, or isn't it? A stronger sword! Golly gee!  Still a sword, by definition! ===============================================  C. Reasoned faith. Please don't hang onto this one, you don't need to.  You see, there is your dillema again, the on you either cannot see, or won't see. Riddle us this:  Does reasoned faith REQUIRE evidence, or does it NOT REQUIRE evidence?   -Mach
faith is belief without evidence. what evidence do i have that my neighboor will return my weedwacker? none you didnt comment on the scenario  You argued this same thing on the superbowl thread. You have evidence, unless you choose to use none. You have all of the evidence I listed above, or you can ignore all of that, and make a guess, based on nothing. You're free to do this. If you choose to use no evidence, and provide NO justification for your belief, than you are indeed using faith. It's an either or. There is no middle to requiring evidence. As soon as you use any evidence, whatsoever, conclusive or not, you are using reason to arrive at your conclusion.  Scenario1: I think this medication helps people based on a trial of 2 people. That's a reasoned conclusion. However, statistically we know that 2 is too small a sample size to give a GOOD justification. However, you still used reason.  Scenario2: Mixes up some tap water and calls it snake water: Gives it to 4 people but does not ask for feedback. Concludes, this tap water cures cancer based on no evidence, faith. =================================  Regarding your scenario, it follows the same rules. I think he made a poor choice, didnt' intereperet the data well, poorly justified his belief, but justified it just the same. Again, reason does not require you to arrive at the right conclusion, it just needs evidence as justification. If he considered the siren evidence that a fire may occur, then he reasoned it. If it was pure coincidence that he heard the siren, and assumed fire, then it was faith. He can call it either way, but if he justified his belief based on evidence, it was reasoned, not faith.  -Mach
Two posts of yours that caught my eye -  have you ever said "hmm... i dont know about this, but i'll give it a try"?   when you act on a belief (i'm not talking about testing the belief, i mean putting the belief into action), in your mind you are 100% certain that your belief is true. if your belief is based on inconclusive evidence, then its incomplete reasoning. yet you are completely convinced about your conclusion. you are using faith to fill the gap in the certainty.   I don't agree with this paragraph at all.  I do a lot of things and test a lot of things that I believe will work, rarely am I 100% certain they will work though. In fact, I do this for a living. :p  Then-  you dont have to believe that something is true before you test it. in everyday life its usually the opposite way around.    (From the Superstiton vs. God thread.)  These two quotes from you seem at odds, but perhaps I'm just reading them wrong.  Waxy
no, you are right on both cases. i may be incorrect on saying we give the beilefs 100% certainty, because we dont, yet we act on them. however, we have a hope that they work out in our favor, and thats where faith comes in. like you say, we are usually aware that we could be wrong. and we are also aware that we are not 100% certain about our belief.  my point (slightly modified now) is that if we act upon a belief not backed 100% by evidence, then we are exercising faith. even if we gather all the evidence available, very often it alone cannot give us 100% certainty. faith is no guaratee, in fact in undergoing any venture that involves risk, faith is involved  OK.  Let's examine a situation I deal with every day. Drilling oil and gas wells.  I've got say 2 or 3, or if I'm lucky 10 or 12, data points in an area and a geological concept. From that you create a series of maps and cross-sections of the strata, and you propose a well location. Before a well is drilled, every possible piece of data is examined. I should be pretty certain of the result right? WRONG.  As the old saying goes "It's 2 miles down, and it's dark." :p  You have no idea what the drill bit will encounter until you drill it.  There is no faith involved in drilling a well IMHO. You do your homework, examine all the facts, pick what you think is the best location, and then you sit back wait. I BELIEVED it was a good location, and I HOPE it's a good well, but I certainly don't have faith in it being a good well.  To my mind hoping for a result, or believing in the possibility of a result, are completely different that having faith in a result. Faith implies certainty regardless of circumstance, hope and belief do not.  Perhaps I'm different than most, but I approach all of my life with the same attitude that I approach drilling a well. I'll do all I can to make sure I make the right choice, and then hope for the best, but in the end, what happens happens. I wouldn't presume to have "faith" in my decision being correct, and definately not with 100% certainty.  Waxy
I'm going out on a limb, here, Waxy, but I'll say that you have faith in your work, in your judgement, and in your decisions. That's what I've got to say about that...  I suppose that might be true. emoticon_confused   I wouldn't classify it as faith though, I'd classify it as belief in myself. That belief is based on my education, prior performance and a thorough examination of all the available evidence prior to reaching a decision. I try to eliminate myself as a source of error or input as much as possible. Unfortunately, geology being what it is, that isn't always possible.  If I simply had faith in myself, I wouldn't require any of the above, I would simply throw a dart at a board and be certain that was the best location.   That may not be the technically correct classification of belief vs. faith, but that's how I see it.  Waxy
no, you are right on both cases. i may be incorrect on saying we give the beilefs 100% certainty, because we dont, yet we act on them. however, we have a hope that they work out in our favor, and thats where faith comes in. like you say, we are usually aware that we could be wrong. and we are also aware that we are not 100% certain about our belief.  my point (slightly modified now) is that if we act upon a belief not backed 100% by evidence, then we are exercising faith. even if we gather all the evidence available, very often it alone cannot give us 100% certainty. faith is no guaratee, in fact in undergoing any venture that involves risk, faith is involved  OK, I think this might help the two sides meet:  Regarding your choice or decision, or exercise of uncertainty....I think a choice does not impact belief.  If somone tells me to choose heads or tails, my choice doesn't change my belief, nor does it change what I based my belief on.  Namely, that I have a 50% chance of getting it right no matter what I answer (given a random toin coss!). But if I choose tails, and it turns up heads, I know that I was just forced to choose, not change my belief, which is still based on reason, that I have a 50/50 shot at getting it right.  I can always be uncertain about my rational choices, and in most cases, we will be. Only very certain things like math, logic, etc., will have certain answers for the most part. Things like the weather, we know to be based on basic physics, but the system is so complex we still don't do better than about 50/50 a few weeks out. BUT, we don't make the decision based on faith. Like Waxy striking Texas Gold :) we make the uncertain decision, based on reason.   I can even choose the LOWER probability, just for kicks. It might be a less likely choice, but certainly not based on faith.  I think the clearest example to the contrary is that faith is belief without evidence, OR IN SPITE of evidence. That is to say, if your neighbor brought the weedwacker back, and you believed he would not  based on faith, you would either "maintain your faith" despite the evidence that he will not return the weedwacker (irrationally!), or you would drop the faith and adopt a new faith (he returned my weedwacker), or reason (Obviously I have seen evidence my weedwacker was returned).  I hate  yardwork, you can keep it :)  -Mach
- All flavors is by definition a flavor, as long as it's not incable of providing a sensory experience in the mouth (a mouth with a tongue, nasal passage, etc.).  - Fuzzy logic also, logically, adheres to basic logic when the precise values are known. Requires, is a precise term, by any stretch, so you're still stuck with good old fashioned logic. Fuzzy logic is more similar to every day decision making where you don't have a clear yes/no, or don't know precise values, and still want to make a decision based generally on probability. It's the logical application of reasoning in my simple terms. It does nothing to bypass basic logic, which of course, is what you endeavor to do.   So, since none of this would have, or has, any impact on the questions asked, and the conclusions one can draw from them, you don't need this detour, thanks though for trying to dodge the questions.   - Faith does not require evidence - Reason requires evidence.  Either something REQUIRES evidence, or it does not REQUIRE evidence, in this case.   Reasoned faith: ============= You see, there is your dillema again, the on you either cannot see, or won't see. Riddle us this: ========================================================== FOR MONTALBAN: [B]Does reasoned faith REQUIRE evidence, or does it NOT REQUIRE evidence? ==========================================================  Please prove I'm incorrect with MY post, not your strawman, and please stop asking for us to "accept" your position when you refuse to simply show me why you're correct. Answer the questions. ========================================================== FOR MONTALBAN: How does reasoned faith determine truth from falsity? ==========================================================  Easy questions, for someone who thinks incorrectly that they are right, this should be a quick response. Why dodge it? These should be friendly debates, if you're wrong, just accept it and move on to a new topic.  -Mach
So do you believe that your 'belief' in yourself is a combination of 'faith' and 'reason'?  No. I don't see faith entering the equation at all. I think I spelled that out quite clearly when I gave my examples of faith and belief.  I never believe with 100% certainty, in my ability, therefore, IMO, I don't have faith in my ability.  Do you believe that there's such a thing as 'reasoned faith'?  No, I don't.   I've been following your numerous debates on this issue, and I'm sure it's no surprise to you that I'm going to side with Mach on this one.   I think the two terms are mutually exclusive. It's an oxymoron.  I would completely agree with 'reasoned belief', but faith implies that no reasoning is required.  Here's my take on your ongoing debate(s) with Mach on this subject-  I think that what you're driving at is reasoned belief. I haven't seen all of your reasons to believe, I'll just accept that you have them. Based on these reasons you believe God exists. That's fine, and I'm quite willing to accept that, but belief does not imply 100% certainty.  The only way to convey 100% certainty is to say that you have faith in the fact God exists. Then, by definition, if you have faith, you don't require any evidence or reasons for your certainty.  Further to that, IMHO, belief is rational, faith is irrational.  Waxy
yes, all that you say is reasonable. my point is that along with the other things your belief is based on, part is based on the unknown. you believe you will do a good job even though the evidence doesnt dictate 100% that you will. thats all i'm saying  Fair enough.   I just don't think that accepting that unknown element requires faith, or is an act of faith.  It's merely accepting the possibility of the unknown.  Waxy
I've been thinking about what Waxy said and the replies given by Montalban and unkerpaulie. I would like to give an example of what I was talking about when I inadvertently put Waxy on the spot (in which I'm sure he's been several times :) )   Boy Howdy! :p  Here are the two similarities:  I believe in you. I have faith in you.  To some and also in the dictionaries they are one in the same, but actually they are only similar.  I don't think they are the same according to the dictionary. In fact, I think your definitions below are pretty close to the dictionary definitions in their purest sense.   I believe in you means I trust your actions, your feelings, and your decisions about (a certain thing) and that you will do your best for the whole (whether that whole is the family, the community, the country, or the world).  I have faith in you means means I know all that you do will benefit us both. You have faith in your children so that they will grow up and make the right choices that benefit them, and, by proxy, yourself.   I agree.  Waxy
I've been thinking about what Waxy said and the replies given by Montalban and unkerpaulie. I would like to give an example of what I was talking about when I inadvertently put Waxy on the spot (in which I'm sure he's been several times :) )  Here are the two similarities:  I believe in you. I have faith in you.  To some and also in the dictionaries they are one in the same, but actually they are only similar.  I believe in you means I trust your actions, your feelings, and your decisions about (a certain thing) and that you will do your best for the whole (whether that whole is the family, the community, the country, or the world).  I have faith in you means means I know all that you do will benefit us both. You have faith in your children so that they will grow up and make the right choices that benefit them, and, by proxy, yourself. You have faith in your wife that she will always love you - dual benefit. You have faith that God will perform His word - dual benefit. Whether we believe it or not God wants us to have faith in Him...that's His benefit.  Sigma's sig is "Faith is a substitute for knowledge, as death is for a difficult life." To me anyone that lives without faith can never truly gain knowledge. But, to me, death is not the end, but the beginning.  PS - Sigma, I hope you don't mind me using your sig to make a point.  I like this approach to the topic. I think unkerpaulie had a thread which touched on this recently as well (does the existence of the object of faith matter, or the faith itself).   Basically the belief, without evidence, itself, can impact, in a real way, our lives and the lives of those around us. It's not used with the desire to gain knowledge directly, it's meant to give...confidence, so to speak, in a very real way.  As you mention, faith in one's children is a great example, even to the point when a child commits a crime, parents will (and I assume I will as well!) side with their child. Rationally they may know differently, but outwardly, they ignore the evidence and have faith.   We all take part in this, and it's part of the human condition. Archers use to aim at targets they knew they could not hit, in an effort to make them shoot farther than they might if they set their sights at a more...reasonable distance. Competitors of all kinds visualize winning, KNOW they will win, and proceed to perform with that in mind. Our mortality...probably the most common form of denial that serves in many cases, what we believe to be a very good purpose (keep us sane in the face of our impending death).  I will second that....I too think there is a place for this, obviously, I take part in it as well.  What I can't abide by is anyone's dispute of reason based on irrational grounds. To claim there are applications of "faith" that serve humans well, is entirely reasonable, and one I happen to side with as well. Keep faith where it is, use it, emrbace it, do what you will with it, but I can't sit by as some try to push it into the space that reason holds. To dispute logic, as some do, and then using trickery, confusion, filabustering, lying, to back up one's claims seems quite diabolical to me. Worthy of battling it back to hell...where it belongs ;)  -Mach
Reasoned faith is not a word. It's a phrase. It describes using both faith and reason. It's a logical AND, ...faith AND reason. Thus, it's reduced back to giving conclusions based on no evidence, and is thus, is irrational.  (From Montalban's own posts)  It no longer is 'faith' it is faith tempered with reason; known as reasoned faith. You use the word faith in your definition, you already admitted it's faith combined with reason.   but you can have faith and reason; reasoned faith Quote from your source, this does not indicate some new made-up nonsensical word, it clearly shows reasoned faith as using both reason and faith to make decisions.  So, as we see, by both your words, our understanding of the english language, and your sources, that reasoned faith is juse a phrase describing the use of BOTH reason, and faith. They are not something new, they are the logical combination which you have thoroughly convinced me of.  So, we're back to reason and faith. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- - Faith does not require evidence - Reason requires evidence.  Using both in combination results in two methods. You can use faith AND reason, or use can use faith OR reason. Let's test them!!!   Montalban's Dillema using reason AND faith. Q: Is 2+3=5? ============= Faith application: I have faith that 2+3=4. Reason application: OK, but clearly we can show basic arithmetic that proves 2+3=5  Using faith AND reason you are left to conclude that 2+3=5 is false, based on logical AND of using faith, and reason.  Sorry, you're still arriving at irrational conclusions.   Montalban's Dillema using reason OR faith. Q: Is 2+3=4? ============= Faith application: I have faith that 2+3=4 (same as above..based on my special bible)  Reason application: No foo, it's 5, so it's false, based on mathematical evidence.   Conclusion, logical OR, results in 2+3=4 being a TRUE statement.  So much for reasoned combined with faith, it's logically irrational.  Enjoy.  PS. I Have specifically told you that #1, number of sites you quote means nothing with regards to right and wrong, obvious to anyone #2 I want to see your root argument, not 400404 derivations of it that I have to sift through just to find each point, then have you argue with me about THAT point not being the point you were making. If you lack the capacity or patience to read through your sources, and make a clear list of ROOT arguments, and present the link ONLY, don't demand for someone else to do it for you. The burden is on you dear sir.  -Mach
 If you have faith that requires no evidence you have something more precious than gold, but many people esspecailly in our modern day world need evidence to believe in God and the Bible requires us to have an answer for those people who are looking for evidence. So even if you do not personally need evidence for your faith, you need to be able to answer the questions about your faith that others have.  Acts 1:3  Jesus produced many infallible proofs of his reserection.   When I read this paragraph in your treatise on "reasoned faith",  I was reminded that my favourite apostle is Doubting Thomas. Yet to this apostle's perfectly reasonable scepticism, Jesus answered "Blessed are they who have not seen and yet believed". This seems to add a further "mystical" dimension to the difficulty any reasonable person would have on the subject of Christ's resurrection - which is that even more spiritual "merit" is gained by believing something that you've been unable to submit to a verification procedure. "Infallible proofs" - what are they ?
It is a combination of faith and reason  I just did your combinations of faith and reason, turned out illogical. Please do post more religious dogma though, I'm CERTAIN it must help ease the pain of being incorrect.  If you still hold onto "reasoned faith" as something other than a combination of faith and reason..oh wait, that would contradict your above statement.  OK, if you want to withdraw your statement that reasoned faith is actually a combination of faith and reason, please do so. Then you can claim reasoned faith is something entirely different than faith and reason in combination, please do so.  Then, here for all to see, define:  ================================================ REASONED FAITH BY MONTALBAN [proven illogical since 2004 tm] ================================================= Definition:        Q1. Does this "reasoned faith" require evidence? Yes/No.  Q2. Is reasoned faith able to seperate truth from false. If so, how?   ========================================================= =========================================================  I can't wait. Let's keep it in your own words and no links, I want to see YOUR definition, and the answers to the questions which will help is understand your new concept!  -Mach
  His ministry to the world after seeing Jesus is infallible proof. He died for the truth of what he was witness to. But I expect you're not going to be happy with that.    PS just out of interest, have you ever read any of the gospels wrongly ascribed to St. Thomas?   No, I'm not happy with your "infallible proof". Outside the axiomatic world of mathematics, there is no such thing as an "infallible proof" - i.e. a proof which by definition is free from all error. Observations by witnesses can, in courts of law after cross examination, be used to prove beyond a  reasonable doubt. But these observations are never infallible and always open to challenge whenever the evidence suggests it. This must apply with even more emphasis to the reports of men who lived 2000 years ago in a pre-scientific world. No, I haven't read the gospel of St Thomas, but I am familiar with many Greek Myths which I suppose indicates my general interest in fairy tales.
Yes, once again brave Mach posits his own opinion again.  Personal, you're talking to an audience not debating me, you make more claims, namely, that an argument is an opinion, irrelevant to the debate.  The challenge was for him to actually connect it to some evidentiary research. Was this the challenge? I thought the challenge was to you, that is, you still have yet to tell us what reasoned faith is. Oh, you did say it was:  Faith made stronger by reason. To which we all know means faith.  then you claim:  Faith combined with reason To which I showed you quite easily that the logical combination of these two methods results in illogical nonsense.  NOW, you claim that I haven't shown evidence...of what? You were refuted in your claims, you need to come up with a new definition so we can continue the debate. Then I'll present more fundamental evidence why your statements just aren't rational. See how easy rational debate is?   A challenge that was laid down some weeks ago, and each and every post Mach shies away from this and simply re-states his opinion on it. He did attempt to bring in a philosophical term "The Law of the Excluded Middle" but he's now dropped that. Who are you talking to? Is this relevant to you being correct or incorrect? I most certainly have not "dropped" anything. I posted it here, you ignored it...what would you have me do...fly to Australia and force you at gunpoint to obey the laws of logic? No thanks, you being reasonable would only benefit you, not me.   It was his second half-hearted attempt at research, and both times he showed a total misunderstanding of what it is he was trying to say; because the cites didn't support his statements. Do you need to research 2+2=4? Maybe I should take off work to search for links to prove it?  So much for the 'rational' debate. Mach continues his 'just-so' statements. Which is...what you did yourself with that statement? Nice, so very nice.  What are you crying about now? Ah, rhetorical and insulting, you're the master and nonsense and personal attacks, no doubt about it.  What do you think reasoned faith is? Some posts you argue that its a word, others that it's a phrase, then you add in all sorts of un-supported claims; like it's 'new'. Where are you up to this time? Oh no, it's up to you to define it, since I've already shown the combination is bogus, and your "reasoned faith is faith [with other things added", which reduces to "faith", as bogus. But I'll entertain your new definition any time.  Reasoned faith is a combination of reason and faith. I have maintained a consistent claim.   And it's been shown to still arrive at irrational claims through logical combination. Unless you have a new definition that you can actually describe for us...so we can debate it too? I can't wait.   Somehow you, who change what it is you are arguing against daily, believe I am changing. That's very rich! Is it? You've added so much in this post. I feel like Montalban as I type this, just posting nonsense and replying incredulously, this is easier than being correct...I should try this again some time.  I look forward to you just repeating the concept is illogical.   If you don't like the basic logic that shows it is, then show me something else, please do try.  And laughably, if I cite any additional evidence (remember you have NONE) you dispute that on the basis of .... that any amount of evidence could be shown for either case (?). I'll recall that when we debate on evolution. The laughs keep coming thanks to Mach.  Q. Does the volume of evidence matter if it all says the same thing? If it all says the same thing, can we argue about that one thing rather than 9595859 topics the way you seem to like to? Is this how you determine truth from false...by tallying the number of web sites someone references? LOL, that's errr..RICH!   Ah the irony of Mach claiming to champion an evidential style of debate; arguing against use of evidence.  You can post all the evidence you like, it just needs to refute something. If you post 40404 people that claim 2+3=4, do you suggest that we need 40405 posts saying the opposite to actually show it false? Your claims are impotent.  Quote: Originally Posted by montalban It is a combination of faith and reason    I just did your combinations of faith and reason, turned out illogical.   OK, if you want to withdraw your statement that reasoned faith is actually a combination of faith and reason, please do so. Then you can claim reasoned faith is something entirely different than faith and reason in combination, please do so.  Then, here for all to see, define:  ================================================ REASONED FAITH BY MONTALBAN [proven illogical since 2004 tm] ================================================= Definition:        Q1. Does this "reasoned faith" require evidence? Yes/No.  Q2. Is reasoned faith able to seperate truth from false. If so, how?   ================================================== ======= ================================================== =======  Since using faith AND reason didn't get you where you think you're trying to go, please try to answer the questions I ask, and re-define your definition so that it isn't refuted logically. That way we can continue to debate.  -Mach
[QUOTE=montalban]Then your rebuttal is based on an opinion based on how you consider men alone might act, because you would not factor into this the guidance of the Holy Spirit, which for you itself is probably an unproven entity based on the same said opinion. I see a circle forming. QUOTE]  I express scepticism towards the testimony supposedly given over 2000  years ago (in a credulous age) on the subject of miracles and your answer is that I've failed to factor in "the guidance of the Holy Spirit". For many good reasons I shall never believe that all known physical laws could be suspended in order for a "miracle" to take place: you counter this by an appeal to the authority of a Spirit that doesn't and can't exist. You must  see how ridiculous this is. Your "reasoned faith" is an oxymoron : it has been pointed out too  many times already that religious faith is, by definition, unreasoned  and unreasonable.
This whole thread is ridiculous.  Faith: belief without evidence.  Reason: belief with evidence.  Reasoned faith: belief with and without evidence.  The words "with" and "without" are opposites. Don't try to say they are the same. You can't believe something with and without evidence - that implies that the evidence is both existent and nonexistent at the same time. That defies the law of non-contradiction.
This whole thread is ridiculous.  Faith: belief without evidence.  Reason: belief with evidence.  Reasoned faith: belief with and without evidence.  The words "with" and "without" are opposites. Don't try to say they are the same. You can't believe something with and without evidence - that implies that the evidence is both existent and nonexistent at the same time. That defies the law of non-contradiction.  Either way. Either that, or:  Faith: belief that requires no evidence Reason: belief that requires evidence.  Reasoned faith: Belief that requires and does not require evidence.  I even went so far as to use OR and AND version, they all result in illogical conclusions.  Anyway you cut it, Montalban's argument is inconsistent. I'm not sure what evidence he needs other than basic english and logic. Maybe a cookie and a promise that he will be taken into heaven at death...  -Mach
Not at all. I fail to see how it is ridiculous not to include the power of the Holy Spirit.  .I think what you do is mistake 'faith' for 'a religious faith built on faith and reason (or reasoned faith)'. I think actually that's the crux of the many objections. 'A religious faith' is not just 'faith' alone, although you probably feel that people just sat around one day and started believing in something, with no reason what-so-ever, somehow a 'faith' just happened. And that these people just accepted what they felt, with no reason what-so-ever.   Thanks for your huge number of references Monty - I can't imagine that you expect me to follow them all up. Religion is a kind of emotional hobby that brings comfort, hope, and pleasure to those who choose to follow one of the many available. No harm would come from this if it remained a private activity and if believers didn't seek to disguise  their faith as a "reasoned" choice. Reason simply does not figure in the equation:  why can't believers be content to say I shall not abandon my faith merely on the grounds that there is no reason whatever to believe in it ?
Reasoned Faith By Montalban: Faith made stronger by reason. Which does not require evidence, thus, can arrive at illogical conclusions.   Faith combined with reason  To which I showed you quite easily that the logical combination of these two methods result in illogical nonsense.  =============================  So far we're all still sitting with  Faith: Does not require evidence Reasoned faith: does not require evidence  Reason: requires evidence =========================  Since your reasoned faith does not require evidence, it can give us illogical conclusions.  Reasoned faith can give illogical conclusions (as shown in this thread) Faith can give illoigcal conclusions (as shown in this thread) Reasoned faith requires no evidence (By definition) Faith requires no evidence (by definition) ---- Reason can give logical conclusions (as shown) Reason requires evidence (by definition)  ==============================  Are we done on this thread?  -Mach
Is that your 'retort'? You sound like Mach - no amount of evidence proves anything. However, I don't expect you to follow all, or most up. I am suggesting that your statement about 'reasoned faith' being something crazy might just well be a statement based on your own a priori notions of what is rational etc. There's a big world out there; 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone (if that's a good way of describing so many over so much time) who believe in, and have given reasons for believing in reasoned faith.  Yes, and atheism is caused by genes... so much for you and rational debate.  Yes, you've stated your opinion... Religion is devoid of reason, therefore faith and reason don't mix. Your 'theory' is proven by your theory, or in other words; circular reasoning.  You mean like you making a statement of faith on faith? And, then you and Mach repeating this "It can't be true" mantra over and over again.  I have endeavoured to show what 'reasoned faith' is. I have endeavoured to 'prove' this by ample references to sources; secular, religious, and more specifically Christian.  Your retort, and that of Mach's is "It can't be true, therefore it can't be true, because it's not true." And the evidence for your belief is the statement that "It can't be true." In other words you offer the very type of debate you would believe a religious person would make.  I can hardly believe that you think you can get away with this ragbag of misrepresentation and sheer effrontery. My suggestion that relgious faith is a kind of hobby was made largely because of the uselessness of bringing well reasoned arguments to your attention. It is surely obvious to any impartial reader of your censorious contributions that you are unable/unwilling to modify your fundamental position no matter what evidence is advanced that contradicts you.  One slight, very slight, ground for hope that you are not entirely impervious to the power of scientific rationalism is your use of quotation marks around "prove" in your sentence about "reasoned faith": from this I infer, no doubt mistakenly, that even you are not sure you "proved" anything of the kind. Please stop pretending that people who disagree with you are suffering  from a congenital deficiency that prevents them from having a well  thought out point of view.
So do you believe that your 'belief' in yourself is a combination of 'faith' and 'reason'?  Do you believe that there's such a thing as 'reasoned faith'?  Alan Ryan and others,  I think you'll find that Montalban will even ignore the answers to his own questions if they are not to his liking.  Waxy
i thought i had gone over this already  i showed plenty examples of combining faith and reason in making decisions or believing statements.  if your mother tells you that clouds are big clumps of water vapor and dust high up in the sky, as a child you believe her without evidence. that is faith. as you learn more, you find evidence that confirms this belief. eventually, you have enough evidence that you dont rely on faith anymore (as when you were younger) to believe that stars are big clumps of water vapor and cloud high up in the sky  like i said before, the belief itself doesnt care if its based on reason or faith or a little of both. the belief in the statement "clouds are big clumps of water vapor and dust high up in the sky" can be based on faith or reason, but the statement itself doesnt change. either you belief it or you dont. you can believe it based on faith, you can believe it based on evidence, or you can be partially convinced by evidence yet still believe it because thats what your mom sid. that is what reasoned faith is  You're talking about a decision Unker, not a belief.  Take a coin toss. Which do you choose, heads or tails? Your choice DOES NOT impact your belief as to which side will land face up.  If asked to choose a side, you choose a side. This has no impact on belief.  If however you claimed you knew to be true, that the coin, after this toss, will be heads, you'd be relying on faith. Using reason, you can choose heads, or tails, but your belief REMAINS THE SAME, that there is a 50% chance for heads and 50% chance for tails, every toss.  Making a choice has absolutely no impact on your belief, we cannot combine decisions with belief and be consistent. ============================= 2nd issue:  Under the guise of being young and ignorant, taking your mother's word as evidence is entirely reasonable, especially when you don't have the faculties to think critically. This need not be faith, I consider your teacher's instruction to be evidence. If you later come upon more knowledge/evidence to the contrary, you weigh, not reason vs faith, you weigh your mother's testimony (and all of your knowledge about the reliability of your mother's testimony), vs. your new knowledge/evidence, and it's reliability. That's a reasoned belief.  If you knew basically nothing about the sky, and your mother said "coulds are water vapor", and you decided instead to believe to be true that the clouds were just big cotton balls, then you'd be relying on faith.  ==============  Faith can be used in combination with reason, but the combination still results in irrational absurdities, and is therefore still not a reliable way to seperate true from false, which in the end, is the point that is being made. Reason entirely fills the need for gaining knowledge, there is no room for faith.  -Mach
Alan Ryan and others,  I think you'll find that Montalban will even ignore the answers to his own questions if they are not to his liking.  Waxy  Indeed. But please know I'm not insane (repeating my argument expecting to get a rational answer on of these times), I just think both sides need to be presented...when I have the time :)  -Mach
making choices have a lot to do with belief. dont compare choosing a coin side to hiring an administrative assistant. both are very different. in hiring someone you have to consider the evidence you gather and act based on what you believe is true at the time   They most certainly do not require a change of belief.  Hiring someone is a decision. When using reason, a decision does not imply knowing truth or falsity.  " I think she will be sufficient for the job", is reasoned. She may fail miserably, but you knew reasonably that you had no way to know, short of hiring her, to find that out. One does not need to form the belief that the person is perfect for the job in order to hire them, obviously. If you read a resume or interview the person, you're gathering evidence.  If you randomly choose a name out of the phonebook and claim you know to be true that they are a good worker, you're relying on faith to make your claim that it is true that this person is a good worker.  A gulf of difference seperates reason and faith.  of course faith is not a reliable way to separate the truth from what is false. with faith comes the inherent risk that you may be wrong. with solid evidence to back up a belief, you dont have that problem. my point is that many times (probably most times) you dont have the conclusive evidence that can 100% back up your belief, so you must use your own judgements and subjective views to help support the belief. it is not a totally reliable way to separate the truth from what is false, but we necessarily employ it in our everyday lives anyway  Judgements and subjective views add to the confusion.  A judgement is a decision. See above. Subjective view merely describes a view that originates from an individual, that cannot readily  be observed by others. However, if I say someone is beautiful to me, I can certainly be making a true statement based on my objective view of the evidence that I feel pleasure when observing the person.   Those two terms do nothing for the argument.   Use these simple tests unker:  1. Did the belief/claim require evidence? Yes/No  If it required evidence, it's reasoned. If it does not require evidence, it's faith.  Recall, the absurdity of faith used as a basis for belief is best illustrated by not just requiring no evidence, but IN SPITE OF EVIDENCE.  To say "I know to be true that clouds are made of cotton", and you're then flown up and allowed to observe clouds directly, if you maintain your belief based on faith, you still claim to be true that they are made of cotton.  Big difference, easy to test, requires or does not require evidence.  -Mach
I think I made this point before.  Reason usually says something is x% likely to be true, where x is between 0 and 100. Hence, rational people are said to think in shades of grey.  Faith says that something is either 0% likely or 100% likely. Hence, faith-oriented people are said to think in black and white.  To combine reason and faith would be to start thinking like this: If something is shown by reason to be 51% certain, you jump to the conclusion that it is 100% certain. That is not rational, so it leaves reason out of the question.  If you want to know about reasoned faith, then ask the pothead who invented the winner-take-all voting system.
i agree basically with what you say, except that a combination of reason and faith throws reason out the window. this is not true, even though it is irrational to believe something 100%, it doesnt mean that part of the basis of this belief still lies in reason. it would be irrational for somebody to soak thier home in water everytime they hear a siren in the neighboorhood, but it it doesnt mean that their belief has no basis in reason  The belief that something is 51% likely, therfore 100% likely has no basis in reason.
Faith is the cornerstone of religion, yes. But who says God cares about religion? Religion is a completely human invention, and as such is a poor indicator for God's will. If God felt like showing up, and thus proving his existance, I don't think he'd let the fact that it would screw up most of the world's religions stop him. AMEN!!!!!!!. I DONT THINK IT COULD OF BEEN SAID IN ANY BETTER WAY. I APPLAUD YOU!!!!! STORMY emoticon_cool
Many people (including myself) are willing to argue that Karl Marx's economic, social, and political "theories" were based on pseudo-science. But what about his claim that "Religion is the opium of the people" ? Isn't this a quite tenable proposition ? The hope and expectation of eternal happiness in an after-life where those who have suffered in this earthly life will be rewarded, is a very attractive idea for millions of people. But don't these hopes of a "heaven to come" act as a kind of drug (opium) that encourages passivity and pointless sacrifice in this life - which we should be trying to live to the full, because it's the only one we've got ?
At the risk of offending - I think stormboy in particular, and a few other "born agains" on this site as well, are perfect examples of Marx's assertion.   They've simply traded one addiction for another that is equally as powerful.   Waxy
Probably nowhere, Big O. I'd like to ask the O.P. if are we talking about Marxism or religion? It's pretty clear that it's about the idea (floated by Marx) that religion is a people's drug; that makes it about "religion" doesn't it ? I tried to make it as obvious as I could that the "philosophy" of Marx was NOT what I had in mind when I started this thread.
yeah but religion is free!! :p  but it does cause the user to adopt a unrealistic perception of life. pray your worries away replaces drink your worries away. the fact is, until you personally get up and deal with the worrying situation, and the end of the prayer/drink the problem will still be there.  btw, whether it was marx that first made the observation or someone else shouldnt be an issue
Religion is definitely the opium of the people. The promise of an afterlife causes people to be apathetic about this live (hence conservatism.) Why didn't the slaves rebel more frequently before the Civil War? Because they believed that they were going to Heaven so slavery in this life didn't matter.  Though religion is an opium, I'm not the kind of person who would advocate extending the war on drugs to a war on religion. In fact, the Marxist war on religion was based on the same faulty premise of the conservatives' modern war on drugs - defending people from themselves. That's one of the reasons why I oppose the war on drugs, and any conservative/authoritarian ideology whatsoever.
Religion is definitely the opium of the people. The promise of an afterlife causes people to be apathetic about this live (hence conservatism.) Why didn't the slaves rebel more frequently before the Civil War? Because they believed that they were going to Heaven so slavery in this life didn't matter.  Though religion is an opium, I'm not the kind of person who would advocate extending the war on drugs to a war on religion. In fact, the Marxist war on religion was based on the same faulty premise of the conservatives' modern war on drugs - defending people from themselves. That's one of the reasons why I oppose the war on drugs, and any conservative/authoritarian ideology whatsoever.  No question of making war on religion: I think we're just discussing whether it does more harm than good.  To the extent that people are taught to believe they should be content with (perhaps) their miserable status quo - because their sorrows and troubles in this life entitle them to a "fair deal" in the next world - this is obviously an instrument of social control. Do not strive too heartily to help yourself on this earth because once through the pearly gates, your eternal happiness is a certainty. Another measure of control is exercised through the idea that you must, by your good conduct on earth, qualify for entry to the place where the soul of man never dies. If you believe that dead friends, loved ones, etc are in heaven awaiting, and that you must "behave" yourself in order to join them one day - isn't this a subtle attempt to limit your freedom of action ?
I think in some ways it's much worse than a mere "drug". Why the drug is a "bad drug" and why there are "drug dealers", is more frightening.  Much of western politics are based off the observations of Machiavelli...for a while it was the handbook of all those in power.   Some paraphrased notes from Machiavelli's The Prince  (I'll substitute rule for prince) Note too that The Prince wasn't written as an op-ed piece or as a rallying of anti-religious sentiment. On the contrary, Machiavelli was quite religious (firmly believed in God and spoke of God in his writings) and this was written as a reflection on what has worked historically, and what should work for any ruler of men.  On why ancient religions were far better than his current-day meek religions. ----------- Men are less strong now, and it's due to education, and religions of the day, vs education and religion of the past (roman/greek, etc.). Since modern-day religion has shown us the truth/true path, we honor the world less. Whereas pagans considered the values and honor of the world the greatest good, and they were more fierce in their actions. Their ceremonies were full of sacrifice, blood, and ferocity, an awesome spectacle from awesome men. In contrast, modern-religion makes meager sacrifices for meager principles. Ancient religion praised men who were generals, rules, powerful achievers, whereas modern-day religion praises humble, meek men, rather than active ones. Modern-day religions has established as the supreme good humility, abjection, and contempt for human affairs, while ancient religion defined it as grandeur of spirit, strength, and body...all the things to make men more successful. If modern-day religion requires any strength, it's the strength that makes you willing to suffer, than to undertake bold deeds.  One why a ruler must praise religion, but practice hypocrisy to be successful ==================== A capable ruler will appear to the public to be merciful, faithful, humane, forthright, and religious. However, he should be willing to ignore any and all of these when necessary. The ruler should be careful never to speak in such a way as to jeopardize being seen as having these five qualities, but should act to the contrary when it suits him. Of these qualities there is none more important than being religious, for men judge more based on the facade of religion, not what you truly are, and those that do see who you truly are unwise to speak out against the ruler as a minority. "For ordinary people are always deceived by appearances, and by the outcome of a thing; and in the world there is nothing but ordinary people; and there is no room for the few, while the many have a place to lean on." (lonely at the top eh?) "A certain ruler of the present day whom I shall refrain from naming, preaches nothing but peace and faith, and to both one and the other, he is entirely opposed; and both, if he had put them into practice, would have cost him many times over either his reputation or his state.   -Mach
I have witnessed and have lived things/circumstances that will never be accepted as coming from God. And those things were done especially for me, direct from God - and I know it...and that's all that counts. However, I do realize that religion can and does manipulate people. It always will.  Any attempt, whether subtle or otherwise, that limits freedom of any sort does not come from God. Also, any action (including the practice of any religion), whether socially acceptable or not or whether it is lawful or not, or whether or not it is ethical or moral, that is contrary to God's Word imprisons a person. So where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. See the difference?  I wouldn't want to misinterpret you, but judging only from what you say here, it seems unlikely that you would ever abandon your instinctive beliefs for a rationalist philosophy. I agree, people who say they are acting in the name of God are responsible for the damage to freedom and for the manipulations to which you refer. The irony is that these people (the clergy in particular of course) will argue that IF they do "harm", then it's for society's "own good".
Many of the ancients anticipated Machiavelli (in particular the Stoics): they tended to argue that even if educated individuals rejected religion, it was a good thing if the common people continued to believe in their gods. Better that servants, labourers, etc., should be frightened of and awed by the power of the gods than they should riot in the streets and seek political solutions to their problems. This was an explicit policy of the "ruling class" in Victorian England where the unruliness of the industrialised masses began to alarm what is still called "the establishment" over here.
I'm not Catholic, but could you please avoid attempted shots at them please?  I would bet dollars to donuts that you have misconstrued Big Orn's comment.
I disagree highly with yoiur presumption that a person's association with religion automatically makes them conservative. This is just not true. There are many, many people who would consider themselves to be devoted religious folks, but are also quite liberal. And these people come from all sorts of religions--most reform Jews, many Catholics, many Protestants, Muslims, Buddhists, etc. Please do not take one very vocal minority (the Christian right) and assume they are representative of all religious people and all religions. I resent that act very much. In addition a person can be conservative without being at all religious. Please leave your presumptions at the door.  Did I ever say all religious people are conservative? No. I said, "The promise of an afterlife causes people to be apathetic about this life." Apathetic people don't want to change the status quo.
My addiction to alcohol and drugs is no where near as powerful as my addiction for my GOD!!!  You're addicted to alcohol and drugs?
You're addicted to alcohol and drugs? only deomstrates the point of changing one addiction for another. Some people are so addicted to god they are threaten with losing their wife and family and job. I have read about a guy who was going to be fired from his job for preaching to his fellow workers in the lunch room. Addictions are bad, no matter what you are addicted to, sex, drugs, religion, shopping, gambling, food. Youcan have faith and god, but when it starts to consume your life it is now a problem. God should enhance your life, but for some the faith goes further and becomes addiction.
Yeah. Like the man who tried to convert lions to Christianity.
So what you are saying is that my Job, my wife and family should come before my GOD?. It is only when you can lay these things down before God that you give the room for more of God in your life!, and more of God means more life and freedom, and the more of this, means we can enjoy and appreciate that which God chooses to bring in to our lives so much more!.  Keep in mind, laying something down before God does not mean to throw it away. It just means you are allowing God to have presadence over these things, which in turn will cause us to enjoy and appreciate our families and so on so much more. And im talking from experience!!!.  "Those who seek to find their lives will lose it, but those who seek to lose their life for my sake, will find it." The christian walk is all about faith!!   The scenario may not apply to you, although you seem to have taken it personlly. If it comes down to not preaching god in the lunch room so you can hold a job and pay the rent. I think you might want to shut up and pay the rent. Religion and faith can be very good for some, but like all addictions, people can go overboard. Become over zealous. I am sure you may have seen it with other things. No one is telling anyone to put your job before other things, but you need to meet immediate needs first. Home, health, family, etc....  When someone is addicted to something, reason goes out the window. You may know this from drugs and alcohol. Some people do similar things with god. It is not a healthy thing. Nor is it what any church teaches. Some common sense must be maintained.
Here are some resources on the disorder   http://www.crescentlife.com/spirituality/religious_addiction.htm  http://www.lexpages.com/SGN/paschal/religious_addiction.html  http://www.spiritualabuse.com/dox/gobad2.htm
No church teaches anything that is healthy? That is a pretty strong claim Joe. This is the problem with many of the arguments being made here. Many of you guys are claiming that you only have a problem with those that are "addicted" to religion, but with comments like this, you make it very obvious that you have a problem with religion period, or, as it seems with one individual, any religion other than your own.   You should reread my statements, you seem to have misinterpreted them. That is not what I wrote. What I said is no church teaches that addictions to anything are healthy. Including addictions to religion.
No church teaches anything that is healthy? That is a pretty strong claim Joe. This is the problem with many of the arguments being made here. Many of you guys are claiming that you only have a problem with those that are "addicted" to religion, but with comments like this, you make it very obvious that you have a problem with religion period, or, as it seems with one individual, any religion other than your own.  I think you need to take a couple of extra minutes and reread people's posts before you comment on them rather than simply jumping to conclusions.  It's helpful to respond to what people actually say, not to some extreme version that you've developed on your own accord. Things are not black and white, one does not equal all, despite your efforts to paint them that way.  You seem awfully defensive, and IMHO, unjustifiably so.  I'll take that bet on Big Orn's post.  Waxy
Faith is takeing your needs to God and allowing him to look after them. This is were the freedom comes in. If the creator of the universe has all my needs taken care off, why would i need to worry.   So if i feel God leading me to preach in that lunch room, i will do it, knowing my needs are already taken care off.  Again i know from experience.  This post both scares me and angers me.  "Why should I worry? God will take care of it."  Guess who God is? Everyone else around you that rather than waiting for "God" to take care of it, steps up and takes personal responsibility, that's who. God is not going to take care of it, everyone around you that lives in the real world is who's going to take care of it.  This is my single biggest peeve when it comes to religion. The dismissing of personal responsibility to the whims of God. You do need to worry and you do need to take responsibility, I don't like being "god" to a bunch of slackers.  Waxy
I think you need to take a couple of extra minutes and reread people's posts before you comment on them rather than simply jumping to conclusions.  It's helpful to respond to what people actually say, not to some extreme version that you've developed on your own accord. Things are not black and white, one does not equal all, despite your efforts to paint them that way. Waxy  This is well said, Waxy. I too notice that some people are so anxious to make their (often irrelevant) points that they pay no attention to what's already been posted or address a garbled version of someone else's contribution.
OK, I understand now. But you probably understand why I might of thought this Big Orn. Catholics (and Orthodox) are the only ones who still really have the crucifix as a symbol, as opposed to just the cross as Protestants do. So you can understand my thoughts when you said" "If we could spread that knowledge maybe we could educate those who still have Christ nailed to the cross."  I'm partial to chocolate glazed Krispy Kreme's.  I too understood why you thought as you did. No harm.
Richbee, As intereesting as I thought those ideas were, and I believe there are people who do think like that. Some atheists just don't believe. It stops there. I just don't believe. I actually am shocked that some of the most intelligent people believe in the bible. It blows me away. I am more shocked when they are fundamentalists. Word for word believers. I just don't get that. It is no crutch. I was raised studing the bible, 12 years of Catholic school and catachism.(spelling?). Now I look at it an sort of chuckle to myself. I think it is all made up. Jesus existed but he was not god.
I think it more nonsense. I "want" there to be a God and an afterlife. I "want" a loving Father who desires my obedience and rewards my goodness. I "want" to be forgiven my transgressions. I "want" there to be an Easter Bunny and Santa Claus as well. But................  Once again, atheists aren't born but made. Made by reason. The concept of God is not a spontaneously arising notion. It's planted. To think it "natural" to believe in a Creator is ridiculous. Hence the many versions of "reality" around the world and throughout history.   I know many very intelligent believers. Troublesome to be sure but proof of nothing.
Sorry to hear about your skeptism, or is it cynicism?  Actually, Jesus din't give us the option of thinking he was just a good man, or good teacher. Either he was who he said he was, or he was a lunatic.  Stop quoting Hitler too! You should look into the Religion of Hitler - Click HERE    It is neither, To be a skeptic says that their is a chance but you doubt it  To be a cynic you are saying that you won't even look at the evidence because it is all bull   I am neither. I have read the evidence and thought (and at one time prayed) and came to the conclusion that if there is a god, it is not going to be found in the bible. Then I thought about the whole god theory and all of it's aspects and decided that the theory doesn't make any logical sense. At times  I pictue god as sort od a kid with an ant farm. Fun to watch the ants, oops i forgot to feed them, oh well. Oh look, one died, oh well I will just create more.
Do most of you think that religion is an opiate or an oppression of the people? Or both?  "The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man." - G.K. Chesterton Introduction to the Book of Job, 1907  Both, I say. Religions have constantly proclaimed that the libertarian left is associated with evil spirits, heresy, sin, etc. Conversely, they proclaim the authoritarian right to be "the good servants of God." Turns out, these right-authoritarians, while being the servants of God, are the masters of everyone else. And the people won't do anything about it, because they believe that everything will be good in the afterlife as long as they listen to the authoritarian right. Look at the last election - poor Southerners voted for Bush for religious reasons.
Do most of you think that religion is an opiate or an oppression of the people? Or both?  "The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man." - G.K. Chesterton Introduction to the Book of Job, 1907   For some religion has been a medication for the soul. For others it has blinded them from reality. When people start taking religion so seriously that it stops enhancing their life and starts disrupting it and they are blind to it's damage then I think it is oppressive. When someone is reading the bible and trying to defend the sun revolving arounf the earth, then I think it is oppression.
There you go again, oversimplifying religious and non-religious people into left and right terms. Do I have to say it again? Yes, you are absolutely right that there are right wing fundamentalists out there who do this kind of thing, but you are equating them with everyone else that is associated with a religion, and you are absolutely wrong in this regard.  There you go again putting words into my mouth! I never  said that all religious people were right wing - I said that religion has been used as a tool for the right wing. Learn to read.
I know you didn't outright say this, but let's stop pretending that this isn't what you were implying OK?  You've got the implications mixed up - I was implying that the authoritarian right tends to be religious, not that religious people tend to be authoritarian rightists.
Do most of you think that religion is an opiate or an oppression of the people? Or both?   IMHO, it can be both.  I think it can be every bit as powerful as an opiate when it comes to people's dependence on it.  I think it can be incredibly oppressive when it is used (misused?) as a tool for doing so, or when it blinds those who follow it to the simple realities of life around them.  It can also be a wonderful tool, when used properly and in moderation, to enrich people's lives and strengthen communities.  Waxy
Religions have "constantly proclaimed that the libertarian left is associated with evil spirits, heresy, sin, etc." Has it been the religious right that has associated the left with this or has the left made some questionable issues their foundational platform? I have not seen a condemnation of libertarians in any religious creed of which I know--nor have I seen an endorsement of the right.  If these religious go out and vote is that not taking action instead of sitting back, relaxing, and expecting all to work out in the afterlife? Is their voicing political opinion an apathy awaiting judgement and paradise?  Why is a Southerner "poor" due to voting based on religious reasons?  Are the millions of others who voted for Bush outside of the South "poor" or would you choose another adjective to describe them?  What do you think of many people citing "moral" reasons as their basis for the Bush vote?  The libertarians have made liberty a foundation of their platform. They have been condemned as "heretics" "sinners" etc. by religion, especially Christianity and Islam. Religions do not endorse the authoritarian right as far as I know - the authoritarian right, rather, endorses religion.  As far as I know, the only other group besides the religious poor who overwhelmingly supported Bush is the rich, and possibly other groups who were afraid of wasting their vote.  And people who vote for an authoritarian based on "moral" reasons are the biggest hypocrites on Earth.
Interesting, then God loved the ants so much, he sent his one and only Son, as an ant, to appear and be an ant, and live with the other ants and show THE WAY! And, teach the WAY. And, die for those poor little ants. GOD-incarn-ANT.  Seriously, God humbled himself, and became a Man for us, to show us the WAY, and finding Jesus in the Bible, is a good start!  BTW, I started a discussion of Mahatma Gandhi, and his claim, that "ALL RELIGIONS ARE EQUAL", over at: TheologyWeb.com  In some ways, at least about the Bible, Ganhi would share your POV's.   I think you took this way too far. I never said the god sent anything or anyone. The point is he didn't do that. He doesn't care. If the little ants kill each other or whatever, he can just make new ones. He could smash the whole thing and create a new one, but how would that entertain him. As I see it, if there is a god. You are only here for his ammusement. Reality TV for the supreme being. He would think it is ammusing that we ahve all these gods and religions and takes on how we came to be. He also doesn't care. He can just make more.
  Now, let us think about how much of voting behavior is driven by fear, which the administration has not been bashful about exploiting. A Zogby poll showed that Iraq was the biggest moral issue, but I am afraid that the country's moral compass leads us to believe that we have the God-given right to attack any country that we believe is a potential threat to us and bomb any country that has a critical mass of "terrorists." A very dangerous morality this is.  NeoNegro  And, as proven, well exploited. As fear continues to dominate our perceived morality, do you feel the religious factor will eventually prove useless as a political tool as our situation moves from hope to a siege mentality? I offer that based on past wars where cities such as Berlin and Tokyo adjusted to conditions including incendiary carpet bombing with normal routines, under the conditions, after obvious failure of their leaders and gods.
Dzeron, I need to know a few specifics about your views to continue.  I don't know a lot about the libertarians. I guess their definition of liberty might be a point of interest for me. Do you know of any specific issues that have garnered the condemnation of the religious?  Libertarians are social liberals and economic conservatives. They want decreased regulations on society (legalize drugs, gay marriage, etc.) and they want a laissez-faire capitalist economic system. That is the right wing of the libertarian camp. The left wing are the "libertarian socialists" but their ideas don't make sense IMO.   Why do you see the right as authoritarian?  I said "authoritarian right." There is a "libertarian right" - the Libertarian Party - as well as an "authoritarian right" - the Republican Party (who want to continue the war on drugs, ban gay marriage, censorship, etc.) In addition, there is also an authoritarian left - like the Soviet-style communists. "Right" is a term for an economic system (capitalism,) while "authoritarian" is a term for a social system. IMO the Republicans are corporatist, not capitalist, which puts them even further to the right than a Libertarian.   Back to the poor southerners...Were they poor due to their religious convictions or due to their material worth? You seem to be using two different definitions. I don't recall ever using the former definition. They were poor (meaning not having a lot of property) yet they voted for the corporatist Republicans because they would rather have a theocracy than see two dudes kissing.
The point he in summary, is that you don't care!  You sound sick, are you HIV+ Been reading Nietzsche books?  Lost all hope? Fallen into the abyss of your unreason and can't get out?   According to Albert Camus, death is philosophy's only problem.   But a giant one it is, I might add! How quickly one's philosophy may be swept away with one word:Death.  How does one make sense of life when it's haunted by this specter?   Many anti-theists think that the idea of God is what has prompted this fear. Let us check their claim!  Agnostic philosopher Bertrand Russell admitted that his life was built on unyielding despair. Perhaps that is why he issued a statement with Albert Einstein-just two days before Einstein's death-confessing that "those of us who know the most are the gloomiest about the future."   With the belief that there is nothing beyond our world, "gloominess" is a reasonable response. Though denying God may leave us free to abolish the past and decree the future, nonetheless, what hope do we find in human decrees? The removal of God does not alleviate the fear of the future does it?   Archibald McLeish reiterates this: There is, in truth, a terror in the world, and the arts have heard it as they always do. Under the hum of the miraculous machines and the ceaseless publications of the brilliant physicists a silence waits and listens and is heard. It is the silence of apprehension. We do not trust our time, and the reason we do not trust our time is because it is we who have made the time, and we do not trust ourselves. We have played the hero's part, mastered the monsters, accomplished the labors, become gods-and we do not trust ourselves as gods. We know what we are. In the old days when the gods were someone else, the knowledge of what we are did not frighten us. But now that we are gods ourselves we bear the knowledge for ourselves. Like that old Greek hero who learned when all the labors had been accomplished that it was he himself who had killed his son. (McLeish, "When We Are Gods," Saturday Review, 14 October 1967.)  Fear of death does not prove or disprove theism. But it is also true that the removal of God from reality does not remove our fear of death. This is a question we cannot kill. For one's philosophy of life to be complete, the question of our destiny must be answered or the inevitable intrusion of death will haunt our ability to secure meaning.   By contrast, understanding death is what makes the Gospel of Jesus Christ so resplendent with hope."  Ravi Zacharias - Click Here    It takes a complete JERK, to ask another person if they are HIV positive. For your info NO I am not HIV positive. Nor do I have any terminal illness. I am just an athiest who doesn't belive in this whole god thing. I do like to think about the philosophy of it all, that doesn't mean I am dying it means I am curious.
The point he in summary, is that you don't care!  You sound sick, are you HIV+ Been reading Nietzsche books?  Lost all hope? Fallen into the abyss of your unreason and can't get out?   According to Albert Camus, death is philosophy's only problem.   But a giant one it is, I might add! How quickly one's philosophy may be swept away with one word:Death.  How does one make sense of life when it's haunted by this specter?   Many anti-theists think that the idea of God is what has prompted this fear. Let us check their claim!  Agnostic philosopher Bertrand Russell admitted that his life was built on unyielding despair. Perhaps that is why he issued a statement with Albert Einstein-just two days before Einstein's death-confessing that "those of us who know the most are the gloomiest about the future."   With the belief that there is nothing beyond our world, "gloominess" is a reasonable response. Though denying God may leave us free to abolish the past and decree the future, nonetheless, what hope do we find in human decrees? The removal of God does not alleviate the fear of the future does it?   Archibald McLeish reiterates this: There is, in truth, a terror in the world, and the arts have heard it as they always do. Under the hum of the miraculous machines and the ceaseless publications of the brilliant physicists a silence waits and listens and is heard. It is the silence of apprehension. We do not trust our time, and the reason we do not trust our time is because it is we who have made the time, and we do not trust ourselves. We have played the hero's part, mastered the monsters, accomplished the labors, become gods-and we do not trust ourselves as gods. We know what we are. In the old days when the gods were someone else, the knowledge of what we are did not frighten us. But now that we are gods ourselves we bear the knowledge for ourselves. Like that old Greek hero who learned when all the labors had been accomplished that it was he himself who had killed his son. (McLeish, "When We Are Gods," Saturday Review, 14 October 1967.)  Fear of death does not prove or disprove theism. But it is also true that the removal of God from reality does not remove our fear of death. This is a question we cannot kill. For one's philosophy of life to be complete, the question of our destiny must be answered or the inevitable intrusion of death will haunt our ability to secure meaning.   By contrast, understanding death is what makes the Gospel of Jesus Christ so resplendent with hope."  Ravi Zacharias - Click Here  To be perfectly honest, if your blue words were set to music, this post would be a scene in a musical. You make some random nonsensical accusation of joebrummer bein HIV+ as an excuse to insert a long essay about death. Just like in musicals, the characters look for an excuse to sing. Ridiculous.
To be perfectly honest, if your blue words were set to music, this post would be a scene in a musical. You make some random nonsensical accusation of joebrummer bein HIV+ as an excuse to insert a long essay about death. Just like in musicals, the characters look for an excuse to sing. Ridiculous.   Thank YOu, I am so glad someone else hates musicals and finds them reeedicuuuulous.
Richbee refers to the New York Times Gay Rights forum, which he spams on a daily basis with cut-and-paste homophobic/right-wing/Catholic drivel under over a dozen handles. He pretty much singlehandedly was responsible for their Religion forum being shut down by using the same tactics. You might want to check out the Times site so you know who you're dealing with. The overwhelming majority of the regular posters there have him on "ignore."
Lost all hope? Fallen into the abyss of your unreason and can't get out? According to Albert Camus, death is philosophy's only problem.    So, I missed your claim here.  "The Stranger" (Albert Camus) is indeed a morbid book that hammers home the meaningless that Camus wanted to portray, but it's hardly the modern guide to living. And ironically his book provides a look at a MEANING of life, which in the main character's actions was to AVOID life. To deny you have a life and it has meaning is also a denial of reality, not much different than religious dogma.  My guess is that he means since philosophy doesn't sugar coat it's message, the children won't swallow it. That's probably true. Your face is all red from that kool-aid you've been drinking, I see you prefer the sugar-coated denial of reality.  Whatever floats your boat. Today I call it cowardice...to deny something you fear in an effort to make yourself feel better, rather than facing your fear and striving to overcome it.  -Mach
You want to deny the creator.  You want to avoid Judgment and getting called out when you Sin.  Maybe you wish the word "sin" was eliminated?  You want to avoid the topic of eternity?  Birth, Life, Death, Eternal Life, Heaven and Hell?  Why ask why? All these topics have to do with Religion, and indeed, Atheists are very RELIGIOUS!  1. I must deny a Creator in the absence of evidence.  2. I fear no judgement even if there were one.  3. Sin is relative.  4. Eternity is swell but hardly a practical motivator.  5. Atheism cannot be a religion with no rituals or beliefs requiring faith.    Btw your smug and judgemental posts are antithetical to Christianity IMO.
Sure, I'm with you in that the HIV and Nietzche comment was inappropriate and to be honest, didn't make a darn lick of sense, but don't let that distract you from what he said in the rest of the post. Let's talk about that.  I am not sure what he has said in any of his posts. Not too mention it is in blue 8 point font that tires anyone's eyes to read.
You can't prove that God doesn't exist?  Atheism has wrought over 100 Million dead when worked out in and through society's of Germany, Russia and China.  Eternity is a reality confirmed by Einstein!  Atheists?  Do they really exist? Or, are they obsessed with Theism or God?  I don't need to disprove God any more than disprove dragons. If you want to prove God exists, please try.  Atheist does not equal communist. Besides, is Jesus responsible for all deaths of the Crusades? How about the Sp. Inquisition?  Eternity and infinity exist, no argument, but how does that pay the rent?  Difficult to see the logic in the assertion that atheists are obsessed with that which they do not believe in. I don't spend much time worrying I'll be abducted by aliens either.
Joe,  I was cutting to the chase, and sorry about my question, but your nihilistic attitude is evident IMO. My attitude is make an argument or a point. Do make pot shots at fellow posters.    Your website is telling as well. Pictures of my Four Walls? O.K. humor I guess.  my site has a video for a song called "Four walls" which I wrote and performed and made a video. It also has two galleries of photos I have taken. It does not have "pictures of four walls".   Existentional hyperbolic drama with the nothing signifying everything?  what are you talking about here?  BTW, computer monitors are harsh on the eyes, but what style would be an improvement.  Try for the normal fonts and colors we all use. The uniformity is better on the eyes.
Time for a new thread!!!  There are no Atheists  - A post and discussion adapted from a Book and book review - By James M. Gillis  In The Unknown God Alfred Noyes reveals and comments upon many startling passages from the works of recognized agnostics and reputed atheists in evidence of God. It is a novel and interesting narrative which leads one to conclude that there are no atheists.   There are no atheists.   At least no thinkers are atheists.  "Freethinkers" rise to that bait more surely than a trout to the fly and snap at it more viciously. But it is equally axiomatic that freethinkers do not think freely. Proof? Well, suppose a freethinker thinks himself into religion. Ipso facto he is rated a renegade and apostate.   He is free to think atheism, but not free to think theism.  Sometimes a freethinker lets the cat out of the bag. For example, John Stuart Mill says in his autobiography,  "It would have been wholly inconsistent with my father's ideas of duty to allow me to acquire impressions contrary to his convictions and feelings respecting religion." So! Papa is a freethinker, and Sonny must not think otherwise than Papa. The same phenomenon vastly magnified so that all may see it with the naked eye is now on exhibition in Russia. There indeed we have a World's Exposition of Freethought. Irreligion may be taught but not religion. That statement too makes the freethinkers' gorge rise, for oddly enough the breed is predominantly pro-Bolshevik. Religion," they declare, "is not banned in Russia. A man may be religious if he will."  Quoting from forward:  In The Unknown God Mr. Noyes reveals and comments upon many startling passages from the works of recognized agnostics and reputed atheists in evidence of God - not merely "a god of some sort," as Lord Kelvin says, but substantially and essentially the orthodox God, the God of Catholic theology, the God of St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas.  Click Through - HERE - and Learn more from this Book Review article.  Ladies and Gentlemen -   I give you the Seigfriedson of the religion forum.  Waxy
"I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is." ~ Albert Camus ~  Camus was a pansy.
C'mon Joe, yes you do, you just don't seem to want to discuss it.   These post are all over the place, I am not sure what the real debate points are. I think atheists are more free thinking than those who confine their thoughts to dogma or scrpitures
Jesus Christ transcends human or man made structures of "religion" and man made structures of belief, like Marxism or Leninism!!!  More about this another time. What is the Religion of Marx??? Secular Humanism? Yes, even atheism is a "religion".  How does Jesus Christ transcend man-made structures of belief? Does that actually mean anything?   Starting sentences with "Yes" does not make them true.   Judging by most of your posts I gather you're not used to playing with the "big kids". I'm not impressed with your verbosity, borrowed or otherwise. Expect to be taken to task here. You clearly are very impressed with yourself. Try doing it to someone else.  I'm thinking about theism right now.
 BTW, to claim no dogma or doctrines(principles) - this is in effect DOGMA!!!  Anti-dogma = dogma  :)  Dogma - a hypothesis that skips the proof step and is assumed to be true.  Someone who seeks proof before claiming something to be true is not a dogmatist.
You can't prove that God doesn't exist?  That's a negative. You have to give us a logical definition first. Then you need to set about justifying it. I know you can't, I'm just correcting you.  Atheism has wrought over 100 Million dead when worked out in and through society's of Germany, Russia and China. Nonsense, it's amusing that you not only get it wrong, you get it exactly opposite of the truth.  Kant's philosphy is the DENIAL of reason, of science, of intellect, etc. Kant's philosophy accepts faith as justification.  Marx's works were founded on Kant's philosophies. Naziism is founded on Marxists philosophy.  The deaths caused by Nazis are caused by the acceptance of faith, and the denial of truth, and therefore the denial of freedom. The deaths were cause by the tennat of religion, namely, on faith. Amusing isn't it?  Eternity is a reality confirmed by Einstein! Appeal to authority? Do justify your claim.   Do they really exist? Or, are they obsessed with Theism or God?I'm an atheist, I exist.   I hope you learned something.
 Now, keep in mind, there are two types of people, those with dogma and those who have dogma and don't know it.   Do you differntiate the word axiom from dogma?  Dogma: c : a point of view or tenet put forth as authoritative without adequate grounds 2 : a doctrine or body of doctrines concerning faith or morals formally stated and authoritatively proclaimed by a church    Axiom: 2 : a statement accepted as true as the basis for argument or inference : POSTULATE 1 3 : an established rule or principle or a self-evident truth    I see these as two quite different meanings. Yet you claim otherwise, how boring.  I do not believe in any dogma, my beliefs are justifed through reason, based on axioms, which are not by definition "Authoritative", by definition have "adequate grounds", and are not authoritatvely claimed by the church (or non-authoritatvely by the church).  Can you make even the most basic claims without being shown to be false? I'm interested to see some.  -Mach
Not by might, but by my spirit saith the Lord. God is spirit.  Now of course, Scientific Materialism, or Philosophical Naturalism will deny the spirit of God or any "spirits" with the exception of Johnny Walker Black or Red!. Ha! (Sorry another vain attempt at humor.)  Metaphysics, hmmm.  Oh well, we can pick up on this another day.  IMO, and in my POV, God makes everything more beautiful, more intestesting, whether as a Honors Biology student or as a poet.  Even erotic poetry is more powerful, because of the object of my love or obsession, is created in the likeness of God, and sex is spiritual!  I've just finished reading your contributions to this thread and I'm astonished by the sheer bombast of their tone and the sciolism in their content. Why don't you just make succinct and logical points without the "support" of a ridiculous apparatus of phoney scholarship ?
Chesterton says it best in Orthodoxy:  "For we must remember that the materialist philosophy (whether true or not) is certainly much more limiting than any religion. In one sense, of course, all intelligent ideas are narrow. They cannot be broader than themselves. A Christian is only restricted in the same sense that an atheist is restricted. He cannot think Christianity false and continue to be a Christian; and the atheist cannot think atheism false and continue to be an atheist. But as it happens, there is a very special sense in which materialism has more restrictions than spiritualism. Mr. McCabe thinks me a slave because I am not allowed to believe in determinism. I think Mr. McCabe a slave because he is not allowed to believe in fairies. But if we examine the two vetoes we shall see that his is really much more of a pure veto than mine. The Christian is quite free to believe that there is a considerable amount of settled order and inevitable development in the universe. But the materialist is not allowed to admit into his spotless machine the slightest speck of spiritualism or miracles. Poor Mr. McCabe is not allowed to retain even the tiniest imp, though it might be hiding in a pimpernel. The Christian admits that the universe is manifold and even miscellaneous, just as a sane man knows that he is complex.The sane man knows that he has a touch of the beast, a touch of the devil, a touch of the saint, a touch of the citizen. Nay, the really sane man knows that he has a touch of the madman. But the materialist's world is quite simple and solid, just as the madman is quite sure he is sane. The materialist is sure that history has been simply and solely a chain of causation, just as the interesting person before mentioned is quite sure that he is simply and solely a chicken. Materialists and madmen never have doubts.  Spiritual doctrines do not actually limit the mind as do materialistic denials. Even if I believe in immortality I need not think about it. But if I disbelieve in immortality I must not think about it. In the first case the road is open and I can go as far as I like; in the second the road is shut...Now it is the charge against the main deductions of the materialist that, right or wrong, they gradually destroy his humanity; I do not mean only kindness, I mean hope, courage, poetry, initiative, all that is human. For instance, when materialism leads men to complete fatalism (as it generally does), it is quite idle to pretend that it is in any sense a liberating force. It is absurd to say that you are especially advancing freedom when you only use free thought to destroy free will. The determinists come to bind, not to loose. They may well call their law the 'chain' of causation. It is the worst chain that ever fettered a human being. You may use the language of liberty, if you like, about materialistic teaching, but it is obvious that this is just as inapplicable to it as a whole as the same language when applied to a man locked up in a mad house. You may say, if you like, that the man is free to think himself a poached egg. But it is surely a more massive and important fact that if he is a poached egg he is not free to eat, drink, sleep, walk, or smoke a cigarette. Similarly you may say, if you like, that the bold determinist speculator is free to disbelieve in the reality of the will. But it is a much more massive and important fact that he is not free to raise, to curse, to thank, to justify, to urge, to punish, to resist temptations, to incite mobs, to make New Year resolutions, to pardon sinners, to rebuke tyrants, or even to say 'thank you' for the mustard..."  And in The Everlasting Man: There will be no end to the weary debates about liberalising theology, until people face the fact that the only liberal part of it is really the dogmatic part. If dogma is incredible, it is because it is incredibly liberal. If it is irrational, it can only be in giving us more assurance of freedom than is justified by reason. The obvious example is that essential form of freedom which we call free-will. It is absurd to say that a man shows his liberality in denying his liberty. But it is tenable that he has to affirm a transcendental doctrine in order to affirm his liberty. There is a sense in which we might reasonably say that if a man has a primary power of choice, he has in that fact a supernatural power of creation, as if he could raise the dead or give birth to the unbegotten. Possibly in that case a man must be a miracle; and certainly in that case he must be a miracle in order to be a man; and most certainly in order to be a free man. But it is absurd to forbid him to be a free man and do it in the name of a more free religion..."  "What the denouncer of dogma really means is not that dogma is bad; but rather that dogma is too good to be true. That is, he means that dogma is too liberal to be likely. Dogma gives man too much freedom when it permits him to fall. Dogma gives even God too much freedom when it permits him to die. That is what the intelligent sceptics ought to say; and it is not in the least my intention to deny that there is something to be said for it. They mean that the universe is itself a universal prison; that existence itself is a limitation and a control; and it is not for nothing that they call causation a chain. In a word, they mean quite simply that they cannot believe these things; not in the least that they are unworthy of belief. We say, not lightly but very literally, that the truth has made us free. They say that it makes us so free that it cannot be the truth. To them it is like believing in fairyland to believe in such freedom as we enjoy. It is like believing in men with wings to entertain the fancy of men with wills. It is like accepting a fable about a squirrel in conversation with a mountain to believe a man who is free to ask or a God who is free to answer. This is a manly and a rational negation for which I for one shall always show respect. But I decline to show any respect for those who first of all clip the wings and cage the squirrel, rivet the chains and refuse the freedom, close all the doors of the cosmic prison on us with a clang of eternal iron, tell us that our emancipation is a dream and our dungeon a necessity; and then calmly turn round  and tell us they have a freer thought and a more liberal theology.  Do I understand correctly that it is your assertion that an atheist cannot subscribe to the idea of humans having some form of "free will"? Must I actually believe in "magic" to see the world in poetic terms?
Cosmic Humanists talk about god, so they must practice a religion.   But how can the "religious" label apply to atheists like the Marxists or Secular Humanists?  It applies because all worldviews contain a theology-that is, all begin with a religious declaration. Christianity begins with "In the beginning God." Marxism/Leninism and Secular Humanism begin with "In the beginning no God." Cosmic Humanism begins with the declaration "Everything is God."  The Marxist view demonstrates itself to be religious in a number of other ways, as well. Marxism's philosophy of dialectical materialism grants matter god-like attributes, as Gustav A. Wetter acknowledges in Dialectical Materialism: [T]he atheism of dialectical materialism is concerned with very much more than a mere denial of God. . . [I]n dialectical materialism . . . the higher is not, as such, denied; the world is interpreted as a process of continual ascent, which fundamentally extends into infinity. But it is supposed to be matter itself which continually attains to higher perfection under its own power, thanks to its indwelling dialectic. As Nikolai Berdyaev very rightly remarks, the dialectical materialist attribution of "dialectic" to matter confers on it, not mental attributes only, but even divine ones. We will discuss this further in the Marxist philosophy chapter. For now, it is enough to understand that Wetter perceives communism as religious in character.  Even Secular Humanists such as Bertrand Russell recognize the religiosity of Marxism:  "The greatest danger in our day comes from new religions, communism and Nazism. To call these religions may perhaps be objectionable both to their friends and to their enemies, but in fact they have all the characteristics of religions. They advocate a way of life on the basis of irrational dogmas; they have a sacred history, a Messiah, and a priesthood. I do not see what more could be demanded to qualify a doctrine as a religion."  Source:: Click HERE  It may come as a shock to you but not all atheists are Marxists. Mr. Russell makes no such suggestion in your quote. Could you please elucidate in your own words the "dogmas" of atheism?
Good point and not all Socialists are Atheists.  Atheism is the dogma of: NO GOD.  Dogmatically proclaimed on Religious discussion threads!  As is: NO PINK FLYING ELEPHANTS.
Good point and not all Socialists are Atheists.  Atheism is the dogma of: NO GOD.  Dogmatically proclaimed on Religious discussion threads!  This is such mumbo jumbo.  I'm still tryting to figure out what atheism has to do with the philosophy of Karl Marx. Perhaps you feel a negative label helps your cause? Please do entertain us in your own words.  By the way, atheism is not a dogma. of "no god", any more than being rich is a "dogma" of having a lot of money. How silly, it's a definition.  -Mach
.  For the Atheist, the principle is, "in the beginning no God."     To simplify - it's best to do so when contradicting a cut and paste artist such as you - atheists disbelieve in the existence of God, and for this reason: There is no credible evidence whatever for the reality of such a being. Notice that a REASON has been given here: it's not a matter of jumping to a conclusion based on an a priori "principle" (as you suggest).
Ahh!! I almost forgot. OF COURSE, God will deal out punishment when i'm dead. I say we let the murderers free, the rapists out, and let them be. Afterall, GOD will punish evil doers in the end. Screw the justice system, there's no need, we have GOD!!!!  LOL. That was supposed to be sarcastic, btw.  The fact that the article you cut and paste says that without God, there will be no reason for people not to commit crimes forgets that we have a justice system that is created to do what God does - hand out punishments. Atheists do no commit crimes because they understand the consequences - JAIL. They don't need a God to punish them, other people do it all the time.
Ahh!! I almost forgot. OF COURSE, God will deal out punishment when i'm dead. I say we let the murderers free, the rapists out, and let them be. Afterall, GOD will punish evil doers in the end. Screw the justice system, there's no need, we have GOD!!!!  Hence, the opium of the people.
There are two types of people, as one saying goes, those with dogma, and those with dogma, who don't know that they have dogma.  Dogma = principles or doctrine.   You can use this word, but it's misleading, since principles and doctrine could be used instead. Dogma has other meanings.  Dogma 1 a : something held as an established opinion; especially : a definite authoritative tenet  (NOTE: Authoritative) b : a code of such tenets <pedagogical dogma< c : a point of view or tenet put forth as authoritative without adequate grounds (Note: Authoritative and not adequate grounds)  2 : a doctrine or body of doctrines concerning faith or morals formally stated and authoritatively proclaimed by a church  (NOTE: Church)  For the Atheist, the principle is, "in the beginning no God." [/QUOTE]  lol, hardly. I'd love to worship a god, that would be kind of cool, at least for a short while until I realized I was a slave and not free. Some apathetic, short-tempered killer with a big ego who demands fealty and gifts else he'll send you to a burning hell for all eternity. That would make the news EVERY SINGLE NIGHT!! We'd all be kissing rear end and curring favor, it would be great! Miracles left and right, shazaam! Think of the possibilities!  But in all seriousness, you display a misunderstanding of what it is not to have a belief in something: What are you talking about when you say the word "God?" It makes no sense. What evidence do we have that this concept of your specific god is real? Hmm, there is none, then why would we believe one exists?  That's what atheism generally is.  - Now, some are Athi-THeists, like at the ACLU, IMO.  The ACLU exists to defend our rights. Why would the ACLU bother with a religious institution unless it violated rights? Think about it. The ACLU is an obstacle to the religious POLITICAL agenda, not religion, and would ironically defend your rights to worship if it were threatened. Actually, the ACLU has partnered in the past with the Christian Coalition to defend right's abuses.  Check it out. http://www.aclu-nca.org/sAboutUs.asp  -Mach
Why I Am Not A Christian by Bertrand Russell  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Introductory note: Russell delivered this lecture on March 6, 1927 to the National Secular Society, South London Branch, at Battersea Town Hall. Published in pamphlet form in that same year, the essay subsequently achieved new fame with Paul Edwards' edition of Russell's book, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays ... (1957).  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  As your Chairman has told you, the subject about which I am going to speak to you tonight is "Why I Am Not a Christian." Perhaps it would be as well, first of all, to try to make out what one means by the word Christian. It is used these days in a very loose sense by a great many people. Some people mean no more by it than a person who attempts to live a good life. In that sense I suppose there would be Christians in all sects and creeds; but I do not think that that is the proper sense of the word, if only because it would imply that all the people who are not Christians -- all the Buddhists, Confucians, Mohammedans, and so on -- are not trying to live a good life. I do not mean by a Christian any person who tries to live decently according to his lights. I think that you must have a certain amount of definite belief before you have a right to call yourself a Christian. The word does not have quite such a full-blooded meaning now as it had in the times of St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas. In those days, if a man said that he was a Christian it was known what he meant. You accepted a whole collection of creeds which were set out with great precision, and every single syllable of those creeds you believed with the whole strength of your convictions.    What Is a Christian? Nowadays it is not quite that. We have to be a little more vague in our meaning of Christianity. I think, however, that there are two different items which are quite essential to anybody calling himself a Christian. The first is one of a dogmatic nature -- namely, that you must believe in God and immortality. If you do not believe in those two things, I do not think that you can properly call yourself a Christian. Then, further than that, as the name implies, you must have some kind of belief about Christ. The Mohammedans, for instance, also believe in God and in immortality, and yet they would not call themselves Christians. I think you must have at the very lowest the belief that Christ was, if not divine, at least the best and wisest of men. If you are not going to believe that much about Christ, I do not think you have any right to call yourself a Christian. Of course, there is another sense, which you find in Whitaker's Almanack and in geography books, where the population of the world is said to be divided into Christians, Mohammedans, Buddhists, fetish worshipers, and so on; and in that sense we are all Christians. The geography books count us all in, but that is a purely geographical sense, which I suppose we can ignore.Therefore I take it that when I tell you why I am not a Christian I have to tell you two different things: first, why I do not believe in God and in immortality; and, secondly, why I do not think that Christ was the best and wisest of men, although I grant him a very high degree of moral goodness.  But for the successful efforts of unbelievers in the past, I could not take so elastic a definition of Christianity as that. As I said before, in olden days it had a much more full-blooded sense. For instance, it included he belief in hell. Belief in eternal hell-fire was an essential item of Christian belief until pretty recent times. In this country, as you know, it ceased to be an essential item because of a decision of the Privy Council, and from that decision the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Archbishop of York dissented; but in this country our religion is settled by Act of Parliament, and therefore the Privy Council was able to override their Graces and hell was no longer necessary to a Christian. Consequently I shall not insist that a Christian must believe in hell.    The Existence of God To come to this question of the existence of God: it is a large and serious question, and if I were to attempt to deal with it in any adequate manner I should have to keep you here until Kingdom Come, so that you will have to excuse me if I deal with it in a somewhat summary fashion. You know, of course, that the Catholic Church has laid it down as a dogma that the existence of God can be proved by the unaided reason. That is a somewhat curious dogma, but it is one of their dogmas. They had to introduce it because at one time the freethinkers adopted the habit of saying that there were such and such arguments which mere reason might urge against the existence of God, but of course they knew as a matter of faith that God did exist. The arguments and the reasons were set out at great length, and the Catholic Church felt that they must stop it. Therefore they laid it down that the existence of God can be proved by the unaided reason and they had to set up what they considered were arguments to prove it. There are, of course, a number of them, but I shall take only a few.   The First-cause Argument Perhaps the simplest and easiest to understand is the argument of the First Cause. (It is maintained that everything we see in this world has a cause, and as you go back in the chain of causes further and further you must come to a First Cause, and to that First Cause you give the name of God.) That argument, I suppose, does not carry very much weight nowadays, because, in the first place, cause is not quite what it used to be. The philosophers and the men of science have got going on cause, and it has not anything like the vitality it used to have; but, apart from that, you can see that the argument that there must be a First Cause is one that cannot have any validity. I may say that when I was a young man and was debating these questions very seriously in my mind, I for a long time accepted the argument of the First Cause, until one day, at the age of eighteen, I read John Stuart Mill's Autobiography, and I there found this sentence: "My father taught me that the question 'Who made me?' cannot be answered, since it immediately suggests the further question `Who made god?'" That very simple sentence showed me, as I still think, the fallacy in the argument of the First Cause. If everything must have a cause, then God must have a cause. If there can be anything without a cause, it may just as well be the world as God, so that there cannot be any validity in that argument. It is exactly of the same nature as the Hindu's view, that the world rested upon an elephant and the elephant rested upon a tortoise; and when they said, "How about the tortoise?" the Indian said, "Suppose we change the subject." The argument is really no better than that. There is no reason why the world could not have come into being without a cause; nor, on the other hand, is there any reason why it should not have always existed. There is no reason to suppose that the world had a beginning at all. The idea that things must have a beginning is really due to the poverty of our imagination. Therefore, perhaps, I need not waste any more time upon the argument about the First Cause.   The Natural-law Argument Then there is a very common argument from natural law. That was a favorite argument all through the eighteenth century, especially under the influence of Sir Isaac Newton and his cosmogony. People observed the planets going around the sun according to the law of gravitation, and they thought that God had given a behest to these planets to move in that particular fashion, and that was why they did so. That was, of course, a convenient and simple explanation that saved them the trouble of looking any further for explanations of the law of gravitation. Nowadays we explain the law of gravitation in a somewhat complicated fashion that Einstein has introduced. I do not propose to give you a lecture on the law of gravitation, as interpreted by Einstein, because that again would take some time; at any rate, you no longer have the sort of natural law that you had in the Newtonian system, where, for some reason that nobody could understand, nature behaved in a uniform fashion. We now find that a great many things we thought were natural laws are really human conventions. You know that even in the remotest depths of stellar space there are still three feet to a yard. That is, no doubt, a very remarkable fact, but you would hardly call it a law of nature. And a great many things that have been regarded as laws of nature are of that kind. On the other hand, where you can get down to any knowledge of what atoms actually do, you will find they are much less subject to law than people thought, and that the laws at which you arrive are statistical averages of just the sort that would emerge from chance. There is, as we all know, a law that if you throw dice you will get double sixes only about once in thirty-six times, and we do not regard that as evidence that the fall of the dice is regulated by design; on the contrary, if the double sixes came every time we should think that there was design. The laws of nature are of that sort as regards a great many of them. They are statistical averages such as would emerge from the laws of chance; and that makes this whole business of natural law much less impressive than it formerly was. Quite apart from that, which represents the momentary state of science that may change tomorrow, the whole idea that natural laws imply a lawgiver is due to a confusion between natural and human laws. Human laws are behests commanding you to behave a certain way, in which you may choose to behave, or you may choose not to behave; but natural laws are a description of how things do in fact behave, and being a mere description of what they in fact do, you cannot argue that there must be somebody who told them to do that, because even supposing that there were, you are then faced with the question "Why did God issue just those natural laws and no others?" If you say that he did it simply from his own good pleasure, and without any reason, you then find that there is something which is not subject to law, and so your train of natural law is interrupted. If you say, as more orthodox theologians do, that in all the laws which God issues he had a reason for giving those laws rather than others -- the reason, of course, being to create the best universe, although you would never think it to look at it -- if there were a reason for the laws which God gave, then God himself was subject to law, and therefore you do not get any advantage by introducing God as an intermediary. You really have a law outside and anterior to the divine edicts, and God does not serve your purpose, because he is not the ultimate lawgiver. In short, this whole argument about natural law no longer has anything like the strength that it used to have. I am traveling on in time in my review of the arguments. The arguments that are used for the existence of God change their character as time goes on. They were at first hard intellectual arguments embodying certain quite definite fallacies. As we come to modern times they become less respectable intellectually and more and more affected by a kind of moralizing vagueness.   The Argument from Design The next step in the process brings us to the argument from design. You all know the argument from design: everything in the world is made just so that we can manage to live in the world, and if the world was ever so little different, we could not manage to live in it. That is the argument from design. It sometimes takes a rather curious form; for instance, it is argued that rabbits have white tails in order to be easy to shoot. I do not know how rabbits would view that application. It is an easy argument to parody. You all know Voltaire's remark, that obviously the nose was designed to be such as to fit spectacles. That sort of parody has turned out to be not nearly so wide of the mark as it might have seemed in the eighteenth century, because since the time of Darwin we understand much better why living creatures are adapted to their environment. It is not that their environment was made to be suitable to them but that they grew to be suitable to it, and that is the basis of adaptation. There is no evidence of design about it.  When you come to look into this argument from design, it is a most astonishing thing that people can believe that this world, with all the things that are in it, with all its defects, should be the best that omnipotence and omniscience have been able to produce in millions of years. I really cannot believe it. Do you think that, if you were granted omnipotence and omniscience and millions of years in which to perfect your world, you could produce nothing better than the Ku Klux Klan or the Fascists? Moreover, if you accept the ordinary laws of science, you have to suppose that human life and life in general on this planet will die out in due course: it is a stage in the decay of the solar system; at a certain stage of decay you get the sort of conditions of temperature and so forth which are suitable to protoplasm, and there is life for a short time in the life of the whole solar system. You see in the moon the sort of thing to which the earth is tending -- something dead, cold, and lifeless.   I am told that that sort of view is depressing, and people will sometimes tell you that if they believed that, they would not be able to go on living. Do not believe it; it is all nonsense. Nobody really worries about much about what is going to happen millions of years hence. Even if they think they are worrying much about that, they are really deceiving themselves. They are worried about something much more mundane, or it may merely be a bad digestion; but nobody is really seriously rendered unhappy by the thought of something that is going to happen to this world millions and millions of years hence. Therefore, although it is of course a gloomy view to suppose that life will die out -- at least I suppose we may say so, although sometimes when I contemplate the things that people do with their lives I think it is almost a consolation -- it is not such as to render life miserable. It merely makes you turn your attention to other things.    The Moral Arguments for Deity Now we reach one stage further in what I shall call the intellectual descent that the Theists have made in their argumentations, and we come to what are called the moral arguments for the existence of God. You all know, of course, that there used to be in the old days three intellectual arguments for the existence of God, all of which were disposed of by Immanuel Kant in the Critique of Pure Reason; but no sooner had he disposed of those arguments than he invented a new one, a moral argument, and that quite convinced him. He was like many people: in intellectual matters he was skeptical, but in moral matters he believed implicitly in the maxims that he had imbibed at his mother's knee. That illustrates what the psychoanalysts so much emphasize -- the immensely stronger hold upon us that our very early associations have than those of later times.  Kant, as I say, invented a new moral argument for the existence of God, and that in varying forms was extremely popular during the nineteenth century. It has all sorts of forms. One form is to say there would be no right or wrong unless God existed. I am not for the moment concerned with whether there is a difference between right and wrong, or whether there is not: that is another question. The point I am concerned with is that, if you are quite sure there is a difference between right and wrong, then you are in this situation: Is that difference due to God's fiat or is it not? If it is due to God's fiat, then for God himself there is no difference between right and wrong, and it is no longer a significant statement to say that God is good. If you are going to say, as theologians do, that God is good, you must then say that right and wrong have some meaning which is independent of God's fiat, because God's fiats are good and not bad independently of the mere fact that he made them. If you are going to say that, you will then have to say that it is not only through God that right and wrong came into being, but that they are in their essence logically anterior to God. You could, of course, if you liked, say that there was a superior deity who gave orders to the God that made this world, or could take up the line that some of the gnostics took up -- a line which I often thought was a very plausible one -- that as a matter of fact this world that we know was made by the devil at a moment when God was not looking. There is a good deal to be said for that, and I am not concerned to refute it.    The Argument for the Remedying of Injustice Then there is another very curious form of moral argument, which is this: they say that the existence of God is required in order to bring justice into the world. In the part of this universe that we know there is great injustice, and often the good suffer, and often the wicked prosper, and one hardly knows which of those is the more annoying; but if you are going to have justice in the universe as a whole you have to suppose a future life to redress the balance of life here on earth. So they say that there must be a God, and there must be Heaven and Hell in order that in the long run there may be justice. That is a very curious argument. If you looked at the matter from a scientific point of view, you would say, "After all, I only know this world. I do not know about the rest of the universe, but so far as one can argue at all on probabilities one would say that probably this world is a fair sample, and if there is injustice here the odds are that there is injustice elsewhere also." Supposing you got a crate of oranges that you opened, and you found all the top layer of oranges bad, you would not argue, "The underneath ones must be good, so as to redress the balance." You would say, "Probably the whole lot is a bad consignment"; and that is really what a scientific person would argue about the universe. He would say, "Here we find in this world a great deal of injustice, and so far as that goes that is a reason for supposing that justice does not rule in the world; and therefore so far as it goes it affords a moral argument against deity and not in favor of one." Of course I know that the sort of intellectual arguments that I have been talking to you about are not what really moves people. What really moves people to believe in God is not any intellectual argument at all. Most people believe in God because they have been taught from early infancy to do it, and that is the main reason.  Then I think that the next most powerful reason is the wish for safety, a sort of feeling that there is a big brother who will look after you. That plays a very profound part in influencing people's desire for a belief in God.    The Character of Christ I now want to say a few words upon a topic which I often think is not quite sufficiently dealt with by Rationalists, and that is the question whether Christ was the best and the wisest of men. It is generally taken for granted that we should all agree that that was so. I do not myself. I think that there are a good many points upon which I agree with Christ a great deal more than the professing Christians do. I do not know that I could go with Him all the way, but I could go with Him much further than most professing Christians can. You will remember that He said, "Resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." That is not a new precept or a new principle. It was used by Lao-tse and Buddha some 500 or 600 years before Christ, but it is not a principle which as a matter of fact Christians accept. I have no doubt that the present prime minister [Stanley Baldwin], for instance, is a most sincere Christian, but I should not advise any of you to go and smite him on one cheek. I think you might find that he thought this text was intended in a figurative sense.  Then there is another point which I consider excellent. You will remember that Christ said, "Judge not lest ye be judged." That principle I do not think you would find was popular in the law courts of Christian countries. I have known in my time quite a number of judges who were very earnest Christians, and none of them felt that they were acting contrary to Christian principles in what they did. Then Christ says, "Give to him that asketh of thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away." That is a very good principle. Your Chairman has reminded you that we are not here to talk politics, but I cannot help observing that the last general election was fought on the question of how desirable it was to turn away from him that would borrow of thee, so that one must assume that the Liberals and Conservatives of this country are composed of people who do not agree with the teaching of Christ, because they certainly did very emphatically turn away on that occasion.   Then there is one other maxim of Christ which I think has a great deal in it, but I do not find that it is very popular among some of our Christian friends. He says, "If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that which thou hast, and give to the poor." That is a very excellent maxim, but, as I say, it is not much practised. All these, I think, are good maxims, although they are a little difficult to live up to. I do not profess to live up to them myself; but then, after all, it is not quite the same thing as for a Christian.    Defects in Christ's Teaching Having granted the excellence of these maxims, I come to certain points in which I do not believe that one can grant either the superlative wisdom or the superlative goodness of Christ as depicted in the Gospels; and here I may say that one is not concerned with the historical question. Historically it is quite doubtful whether Christ ever existed at all, and if He did we do not know anything about him, so that I am not concerned with the historical question, which is a very difficult one. I am concerned with Christ as He appears in the Gospels, taking the Gospel narrative as it stands, and there one does find some things that do not seem to be very wise. For one thing, he certainly thought that His second coming would occur in clouds of glory before the death of all the people who were living at that time. There are a great many texts that prove that. He says, for instance, "Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel till the Son of Man be come." Then he says, "There are some standing here which shall not taste death till the Son of Man comes into His kingdom"; and there are a lot of places where it is quite clear that He believed that His second coming would happen during the lifetime of many then living. That was the belief of His earlier followers, and it was the basis of a good deal of His moral teaching. When He said, "Take no thought for the morrow," and things of that sort, it was very largely because He thought that the second coming was going to be very soon, and that all ordinary mundane affairs did not count. I have, as a matter of fact, known some Christians who did believe that the second coming was imminent. I knew a parson who frightened his congregation terribly by telling them that the second coming was very imminent indeed, but they were much consoled when they found that he was planting trees in his garden. The early Christians did really believe it, and they did abstain from such things as planting trees in their gardens, because they did accept from Christ the belief that the second coming was imminent. In that respect, clearly He was not so wise as some other people have been, and He was certainly not superlatively wise.   The Moral Problem Then you come to moral questions. There is one very serious defect to my mind in Christ's moral character, and that is that He believed in hell. I do not myself feel that any person who is really profoundly humane can believe in everlasting punishment. Christ certainly as depicted in the Gospels did believe in everlasting punishment, and one does find repeatedly a vindictive fury against those people who would not listen to His preaching -- an attitude which is not uncommon with preachers, but which does somewhat detract from superlative excellence. You do not, for instance find that attitude in Socrates. You find him quite bland and urbane toward the people who would not listen to him; and it is, to my mind, far more worthy of a sage to take that line than to take the line of indignation. You probably all remember the sorts of things that Socrates was saying when he was dying, and the sort of things that he generally did say to people who did not agree with him.  You will find that in the Gospels Christ said, "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of Hell." That was said to people who did not like His preaching. It is not really to my mind quite the best tone, and there are a great many of these things about Hell. There is, of course, the familiar text about the sin against the Holy Ghost: "Whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven him neither in this World nor in the world to come." That text has caused an unspeakable amount of misery in the world, for all sorts of people have imagined that they have committed the sin against the Holy Ghost, and thought that it would not be forgiven them either in this world or in the world to come. I really do not think that a person with a proper degree of kindliness in his nature would have put fears and terrors of that sort into the world.   Then Christ says, "The Son of Man shall send forth his His angels, and they shall gather out of His kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity, and shall cast them into a furnace of fire; there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth"; and He goes on about the wailing and gnashing of teeth. It comes in one verse after another, and it is quite manifest to the reader that there is a certain pleasure in contemplating wailing and gnashing of teeth, or else it would not occur so often. Then you all, of course, remember about the sheep and the goats; how at the second coming He is going to divide the sheep from the goats, and He is going to say to the goats, "Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire." He continues, "And these shall go away into everlasting fire." Then He says again, "If thy hand offend thee, cut it off; it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into Hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched; where the worm dieth not and the fire is not quenched." He repeats that again and again also. I must say that I think all this doctrine, that hell-fire is a punishment for sin, is a doctrine of cruelty. It is a doctrine that put cruelty into the world and gave the world generations of cruel torture; and the Christ of the Gospels, if you could take Him asHis chroniclers represent Him, would certainly have to be considered partly responsible for that.   There are other things of less importance. There is the instance of the Gadarene swine, where it certainly was not very kind to the pigs to put the devils into them and make them rush down the hill into the sea. You must remember that He was omnipotent, and He could have made the devils simply go away; but He chose to send them into the pigs. Then there is the curious story of the fig tree, which always rather puzzled me. You remember what happened about the fig tree. "He was hungry; and seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, He came if haply He might find anything thereon; and when He came to it He found nothing but leaves, for the time of figs was not yet. And Jesus answered and said unto it: 'No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever' . . . and Peter . . . saith unto Him: 'Master, behold the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.'" This is a very curious story, because it was not the right time of year for figs, and you really could not blame the tree. I cannot myself feel that either in the matter of wisdom or in the matter of virtue Christ stands quite as high as some other people known to history. I think I should put Buddha and Socrates above Him in those respects.    The Emotional Factor As I said before, I do not think that the real reason why people accept religion has anything to do with argumentation. They accept religion on emotional grounds. One is often told that it is a very wrong thing to attack religion, because religion makes men virtuous. So I am told; I have not noticed it. You know, of course, the parody of that argument in Samuel Butler's book, Erewhon Revisited. You will remember that in Erewhon there is a certain Higgs who arrives in a remote country, and after spending some time there he escapes from that country in a balloon. Twenty years later he comes back to that country and finds a new religion in which he is worshiped under the name of the "Sun Child," and it is said that he ascended into heaven. He finds that the Feast of the Ascension is about to be celebrated, and he hears Professors Hanky and Panky say to each other that they never set eyes on the man Higgs, and they hope they never will; but they are the high priests of the religion of the Sun Child. He is very indignant, and he comes up to them, and he says, "I am going to expose all this humbug and tell the people of Erewhon that it was only I, the man Higgs, and I went up in a balloon." He was told, "You must not do that, because all the morals of this country are bound round this myth, and if they once know that you did not ascend into Heaven they will all become wicked"; and so he is persuaded of that and he goes quietly away.  That is the idea -- that we should all be wicked if we did not hold to the Christian religion. It seems to me that the people who have held to it have been for the most part extremely wicked. You find this curious fact, that the more intense has been the religion of any period and the more profound has been the dogmatic belief, the greater has been the cruelty and the worse has been the state of affairs. In the so-called ages of faith, when men really did believe the Christian religion in all its completeness, there was the Inquisition, with all its tortures; there were millions of unfortunate women burned as witches; and there was every kind of cruelty practiced upon all sorts of people in the name of religion.   You find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world. I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.    How the Churches Have Retarded Progress You may think that I am going too far when I say that that is still so. I do not think that I am. Take one fact. You will bear with me if I mention it. It is not a pleasant fact, but the churches compel one to mention facts that are not pleasant. Supposing that in this world that we live in today an inexperienced girl is married to a syphilitic man; in that case the Catholic Church says, "This is an indissoluble sacrament. You must endure celibacy or stay together. And if you stay together, you must not use birth control to prevent the birth of syphilitic children." Nobody whose natural sympathies have not been warped by dogma, or whose moral nature was not absolutely dead to all sense of suffering, could maintain that it is right and proper that that state of things should continue.  That is only an example. There are a great many ways in which, at the present moment, the church, by its insistence upon what it chooses to call morality, inflicts upon all sorts of people undeserved and unnecessary suffering. And of course, as we know, it is in its major part an opponent still of progress and improvement in all the ways that diminish suffering in the world, because it has chosen to label as morality a certain narrow set of rules of conduct which have nothing to do with human happiness; and when you say that this or that ought to be done because it would make for human happiness, they think that has nothing to do with the matter at all. "What has human happiness to do with morals? The object of morals is not to make people happy."    Fear, the Foundation of Religion Religion is based, I think, primarily and mainly upon fear. It is partly the terror of the unknown and partly, as I have said, the wish to feel that you have a kind of elder brother who will stand by you in all your troubles and disputes. Fear is the basis of the whole thing -- fear of the mysterious, fear of defeat, fear of death. Fear is the parent of cruelty, and therefore it is no wonder if cruelty and religion have gone hand in hand. It is because fear is at the basis of those two things. In this world we can now begin a little to understand things, and a little to master them by help of science, which has forced its way step by step against the Christian religion, against the churches, and against the opposition of all the old precepts. Science can help us to get over this craven fear in which mankind has lived for so many generations. Science can teach us, and I think our own hearts can teach us, no longer to look around for imaginary supports, no longer to invent allies in the sky, but rather to look to our own efforts here below to make this world a better place to live in, instead of the sort of place that the churches in all these centuries have made it.   What We Must Do We want to stand upon our own feet and look fair and square at the world -- its good facts, its bad facts, its beauties, and its ugliness; see the world as it is and be not afraid of it. Conquer the world by intelligence and not merely by being slavishly subdued by the terror that comes from it. The whole conception of God is a conception derived from the ancient Oriental despotisms. It is a conception quite unworthy of free men. When you hear people in church debasing themselves and saying that they are miserable sinners, and all the rest of it, it seems contemptible and not worthy of self-respecting human beings. We ought to stand up and look the world frankly in the face. We ought to make the best we can of the world, and if it is not so good as we wish, after all it will still be better than what these others have made of it in all these ages. A good world needs knowledge, kindliness, and courage; it does not need a regretful hankering after the past or a fettering of the free intelligence by the words uttered long ago by ignorant men. It needs a fearless outlook and a free intelligence. It needs hope for the future, not looking back all the time toward a past that is dead, which we trust will be far surpassed by the future that our intelligence can create.    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Electronic colophon: This electronic edition of "Why I Am Not a Christian" was first made available by Bruce MacLeod on his "Watchful Eye Russell Page." It was newly corrected (from Edwards, NY 1957) in July 1996 by John R. Lenz for the Bertrand Russell Society.
for Richbee:   Why I Am Not A Christian by Bertrand Russell  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Introductory note: Russell delivered this lecture on March 6, 1927 to the National Secular Society, South London Branch, at Battersea Town Hall. Published in pamphlet form in that same year, the essay subsequently achieved new fame with Paul Edwards' edition of Russell's book, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays ... (1957).  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  As your Chairman has told you, the subject about which I am going to speak to you tonight is "Why I Am Not a Christian." Perhaps it would be as well, first of all, to try to make out what one means by the word Christian. It is used these days in a very loose sense by a great many people. Some people mean no more by it than a person who attempts to live a good life. In that sense I suppose there would be Christians in all sects and creeds; but I do not think that that is the proper sense of the word, if only because it would imply that all the people who are not Christians -- all the Buddhists, Confucians, Mohammedans, and so on -- are not trying to live a good life. I do not mean by a Christian any person who tries to live decently according to his lights. I think that you must have a certain amount of definite belief before you have a right to call yourself a Christian. The word does not have quite such a full-blooded meaning now as it had in the times of St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas. In those days, if a man said that he was a Christian it was known what he meant. You accepted a whole collection of creeds which were set out with great precision, and every single syllable of those creeds you believed with the whole strength of your convictions.    What Is a Christian? Nowadays it is not quite that. We have to be a little more vague in our meaning of Christianity. I think, however, that there are two different items which are quite essential to anybody calling himself a Christian. The first is one of a dogmatic nature -- namely, that you must believe in God and immortality. If you do not believe in those two things, I do not think that you can properly call yourself a Christian. Then, further than that, as the name implies, you must have some kind of belief about Christ. The Mohammedans, for instance, also believe in God and in immortality, and yet they would not call themselves Christians. I think you must have at the very lowest the belief that Christ was, if not divine, at least the best and wisest of men. If you are not going to believe that much about Christ, I do not think you have any right to call yourself a Christian. Of course, there is another sense, which you find in Whitaker's Almanack and in geography books, where the population of the world is said to be divided into Christians, Mohammedans, Buddhists, fetish worshipers, and so on; and in that sense we are all Christians. The geography books count us all in, but that is a purely geographical sense, which I suppose we can ignore.Therefore I take it that when I tell you why I am not a Christian I have to tell you two different things: first, why I do not believe in God and in immortality; and, secondly, why I do not think that Christ was the best and wisest of men, although I grant him a very high degree of moral goodness.  But for the successful efforts of unbelievers in the past, I could not take so elastic a definition of Christianity as that. As I said before, in olden days it had a much more full-blooded sense. For instance, it included he belief in hell. Belief in eternal hell-fire was an essential item of Christian belief until pretty recent times. In this country, as you know, it ceased to be an essential item because of a decision of the Privy Council, and from that decision the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Archbishop of York dissented; but in this country our religion is settled by Act of Parliament, and therefore the Privy Council was able to override their Graces and hell was no longer necessary to a Christian. Consequently I shall not insist that a Christian must believe in hell.    The Existence of God To come to this question of the existence of God: it is a large and serious question, and if I were to attempt to deal with it in any adequate manner I should have to keep you here until Kingdom Come, so that you will have to excuse me if I deal with it in a somewhat summary fashion. You know, of course, that the Catholic Church has laid it down as a dogma that the existence of God can be proved by the unaided reason. That is a somewhat curious dogma, but it is one of their dogmas. They had to introduce it because at one time the freethinkers adopted the habit of saying that there were such and such arguments which mere reason might urge against the existence of God, but of course they knew as a matter of faith that God did exist. The arguments and the reasons were set out at great length, and the Catholic Church felt that they must stop it. Therefore they laid it down that the existence of God can be proved by the unaided reason and they had to set up what they considered were arguments to prove it. There are, of course, a number of them, but I shall take only a few.   The First-cause Argument Perhaps the simplest and easiest to understand is the argument of the First Cause. (It is maintained that everything we see in this world has a cause, and as you go back in the chain of causes further and further you must come to a First Cause, and to that First Cause you give the name of God.) That argument, I suppose, does not carry very much weight nowadays, because, in the first place, cause is not quite what it used to be. The philosophers and the men of science have got going on cause, and it has not anything like the vitality it used to have; but, apart from that, you can see that the argument that there must be a First Cause is one that cannot have any validity. I may say that when I was a young man and was debating these questions very seriously in my mind, I for a long time accepted the argument of the First Cause, until one day, at the age of eighteen, I read John Stuart Mill's Autobiography, and I there found this sentence: "My father taught me that the question 'Who made me?' cannot be answered, since it immediately suggests the further question `Who made god?'" That very simple sentence showed me, as I still think, the fallacy in the argument of the First Cause. If everything must have a cause, then God must have a cause. If there can be anything without a cause, it may just as well be the world as God, so that there cannot be any validity in that argument. It is exactly of the same nature as the Hindu's view, that the world rested upon an elephant and the elephant rested upon a tortoise; and when they said, "How about the tortoise?" the Indian said, "Suppose we change the subject." The argument is really no better than that. There is no reason why the world could not have come into being without a cause; nor, on the other hand, is there any reason why it should not have always existed. There is no reason to suppose that the world had a beginning at all. The idea that things must have a beginning is really due to the poverty of our imagination. Therefore, perhaps, I need not waste any more time upon the argument about the First Cause.   The Natural-law Argument Then there is a very common argument from natural law. That was a favorite argument all through the eighteenth century, especially under the influence of Sir Isaac Newton and his cosmogony. People observed the planets going around the sun according to the law of gravitation, and they thought that God had given a behest to these planets to move in that particular fashion, and that was why they did so. That was, of course, a convenient and simple explanation that saved them the trouble of looking any further for explanations of the law of gravitation. Nowadays we explain the law of gravitation in a somewhat complicated fashion that Einstein has introduced. I do not propose to give you a lecture on the law of gravitation, as interpreted by Einstein, because that again would take some time; at any rate, you no longer have the sort of natural law that you had in the Newtonian system, where, for some reason that nobody could understand, nature behaved in a uniform fashion. We now find that a great many things we thought were natural laws are really human conventions. You know that even in the remotest depths of stellar space there are still three feet to a yard. That is, no doubt, a very remarkable fact, but you would hardly call it a law of nature. And a great many things that have been regarded as laws of nature are of that kind. On the other hand, where you can get down to any knowledge of what atoms actually do, you will find they are much less subject to law than people thought, and that the laws at which you arrive are statistical averages of just the sort that would emerge from chance. There is, as we all know, a law that if you throw dice you will get double sixes only about once in thirty-six times, and we do not regard that as evidence that the fall of the dice is regulated by design; on the contrary, if the double sixes came every time we should think that there was design. The laws of nature are of that sort as regards a great many of them. They are statistical averages such as would emerge from the laws of chance; and that makes this whole business of natural law much less impressive than it formerly was. Quite apart from that, which represents the momentary state of science that may change tomorrow, the whole idea that natural laws imply a lawgiver is due to a confusion between natural and human laws. Human laws are behests commanding you to behave a certain way, in which you may choose to behave, or you may choose not to behave; but natural laws are a description of how things do in fact behave, and being a mere description of what they in fact do, you cannot argue that there must be somebody who told them to do that, because even supposing that there were, you are then faced with the question "Why did God issue just those natural laws and no others?" If you say that he did it simply from his own good pleasure, and without any reason, you then find that there is something which is not subject to law, and so your train of natural law is interrupted. If you say, as more orthodox theologians do, that in all the laws which God issues he had a reason for giving those laws rather than others -- the reason, of course, being to create the best universe, although you would never think it to look at it -- if there were a reason for the laws which God gave, then God himself was subject to law, and therefore you do not get any advantage by introducing God as an intermediary. You really have a law outside and anterior to the divine edicts, and God does not serve your purpose, because he is not the ultimate lawgiver. In short, this whole argument about natural law no longer has anything like the strength that it used to have. I am traveling on in time in my review of the arguments. The arguments that are used for the existence of God change their character as time goes on. They were at first hard intellectual arguments embodying certain quite definite fallacies. As we come to modern times they become less respectable intellectually and more and more affected by a kind of moralizing vagueness.   The Argument from Design The next step in the process brings us to the argument from design. You all know the argument from design: everything in the world is made just so that we can manage to live in the world, and if the world was ever so little different, we could not manage to live in it. That is the argument from design. It sometimes takes a rather curious form; for instance, it is argued that rabbits have white tails in order to be easy to shoot. I do not know how rabbits would view that application. It is an easy argument to parody. You all know Voltaire's remark, that obviously the nose was designed to be such as to fit spectacles. That sort of parody has turned out to be not nearly so wide of the mark as it might have seemed in the eighteenth century, because since the time of Darwin we understand much better why living creatures are adapted to their environment. It is not that their environment was made to be suitable to them but that they grew to be suitable to it, and that is the basis of adaptation. There is no evidence of design about it.  When you come to look into this argument from design, it is a most astonishing thing that people can believe that this world, with all the things that are in it, with all its defects, should be the best that omnipotence and omniscience have been able to produce in millions of years. I really cannot believe it. Do you think that, if you were granted omnipotence and omniscience and millions of years in which to perfect your world, you could produce nothing better than the Ku Klux Klan or the Fascists? Moreover, if you accept the ordinary laws of science, you have to suppose that human life and life in general on this planet will die out in due course: it is a stage in the decay of the solar system; at a certain stage of decay you get the sort of conditions of temperature and so forth which are suitable to protoplasm, and there is life for a short time in the life of the whole solar system. You see in the moon the sort of thing to which the earth is tending -- something dead, cold, and lifeless.   I am told that that sort of view is depressing, and people will sometimes tell you that if they believed that, they would not be able to go on living. Do not believe it; it is all nonsense. Nobody really worries about much about what is going to happen millions of years hence. Even if they think they are worrying much about that, they are really deceiving themselves. They are worried about something much more mundane, or it may merely be a bad digestion; but nobody is really seriously rendered unhappy by the thought of something that is going to happen to this world millions and millions of years hence. Therefore, although it is of course a gloomy view to suppose that life will die out -- at least I suppose we may say so, although sometimes when I contemplate the things that people do with their lives I think it is almost a consolation -- it is not such as to render life miserable. It merely makes you turn your attention to other things.    The Moral Arguments for Deity Now we reach one stage further in what I shall call the intellectual descent that the Theists have made in their argumentations, and we come to what are called the moral arguments for the existence of God. You all know, of course, that there used to be in the old days three intellectual arguments for the existence of God, all of which were disposed of by Immanuel Kant in the Critique of Pure Reason; but no sooner had he disposed of those arguments than he invented a new one, a moral argument, and that quite convinced him. He was like many people: in intellectual matters he was skeptical, but in moral matters he believed implicitly in the maxims that he had imbibed at his mother's knee. That illustrates what the psychoanalysts so much emphasize -- the immensely stronger hold upon us that our very early associations have than those of later times.  Kant, as I say, invented a new moral argument for the existence of God, and that in varying forms was extremely popular during the nineteenth century. It has all sorts of forms. One form is to say there would be no right or wrong unless God existed. I am not for the moment concerned with whether there is a difference between right and wrong, or whether there is not: that is another question. The point I am concerned with is that, if you are quite sure there is a difference between right and wrong, then you are in this situation: Is that difference due to God's fiat or is it not? If it is due to God's fiat, then for God himself there is no difference between right and wrong, and it is no longer a significant statement to say that God is good. If you are going to say, as theologians do, that God is good, you must then say that right and wrong have some meaning which is independent of God's fiat, because God's fiats are good and not bad independently of the mere fact that he made them. If you are going to say that, you will then have to say that it is not only through God that right and wrong came into being, but that they are in their essence logically anterior to God. You could, of course, if you liked, say that there was a superior deity who gave orders to the God that made this world, or could take up the line that some of the gnostics took up -- a line which I often thought was a very plausible one -- that as a matter of fact this world that we know was made by the devil at a moment when God was not looking. There is a good deal to be said for that, and I am not concerned to refute it.    The Argument for the Remedying of Injustice Then there is another very curious form of moral argument, which is this: they say that the existence of God is required in order to bring justice into the world. In the part of this universe that we know there is great injustice, and often the good suffer, and often the wicked prosper, and one hardly knows which of those is the more annoying; but if you are going to have justice in the universe as a whole you have to suppose a future life to redress the balance of life here on earth. So they say that there must be a God, and there must be Heaven and Hell in order that in the long run there may be justice. That is a very curious argument. If you looked at the matter from a scientific point of view, you would say, "After all, I only know this world. I do not know about the rest of the universe, but so far as one can argue at all on probabilities one would say that probably this world is a fair sample, and if there is injustice here the odds are that there is injustice elsewhere also." Supposing you got a crate of oranges that you opened, and you found all the top layer of oranges bad, you would not argue, "The underneath ones must be good, so as to redress the balance." You would say, "Probably the whole lot is a bad consignment"; and that is really what a scientific person would argue about the universe. He would say, "Here we find in this world a great deal of injustice, and so far as that goes that is a reason for supposing that justice does not rule in the world; and therefore so far as it goes it affords a moral argument against deity and not in favor of one." Of course I know that the sort of intellectual arguments that I have been talking to you about are not what really moves people. What really moves people to believe in God is not any intellectual argument at all. Most people believe in God because they have been taught from early infancy to do it, and that is the main reason.  Then I think that the next most powerful reason is the wish for safety, a sort of feeling that there is a big brother who will look after you. That plays a very profound part in influencing people's desire for a belief in God.    The Character of Christ I now want to say a few words upon a topic which I often think is not quite sufficiently dealt with by Rationalists, and that is the question whether Christ was the best and the wisest of men. It is generally taken for granted that we should all agree that that was so. I do not myself. I think that there are a good many points upon which I agree with Christ a great deal more than the professing Christians do. I do not know that I could go with Him all the way, but I could go with Him much further than most professing Christians can. You will remember that He said, "Resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." That is not a new precept or a new principle. It was used by Lao-tse and Buddha some 500 or 600 years before Christ, but it is not a principle which as a matter of fact Christians accept. I have no doubt that the present prime minister [Stanley Baldwin], for instance, is a most sincere Christian, but I should not advise any of you to go and smite him on one cheek. I think you might find that he thought this text was intended in a figurative sense.  Then there is another point which I consider excellent. You will remember that Christ said, "Judge not lest ye be judged." That principle I do not think you would find was popular in the law courts of Christian countries. I have known in my time quite a number of judges who were very earnest Christians, and none of them felt that they were acting contrary to Christian principles in what they did. Then Christ says, "Give to him that asketh of thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away." That is a very good principle. Your Chairman has reminded you that we are not here to talk politics, but I cannot help observing that the last general election was fought on the question of how desirable it was to turn away from him that would borrow of thee, so that one must assume that the Liberals and Conservatives of this country are composed of people who do not agree with the teaching of Christ, because they certainly did very emphatically turn away on that occasion.   Then there is one other maxim of Christ which I think has a great deal in it, but I do not find that it is very popular among some of our Christian friends. He says, "If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that which thou hast, and give to the poor." That is a very excellent maxim, but, as I say, it is not much practised. All these, I think, are good maxims, although they are a little difficult to live up to. I do not profess to live up to them myself; but then, after all, it is not quite the same thing as for a Christian.    Defects in Christ's Teaching Having granted the excellence of these maxims, I come to certain points in which I do not believe that one can grant either the superlative wisdom or the superlative goodness of Christ as depicted in the Gospels; and here I may say that one is not concerned with the historical question. Historically it is quite doubtful whether Christ ever existed at all, and if He did we do not know anything about him, so that I am not concerned with the historical question, which is a very difficult one. I am concerned with Christ as He appears in the Gospels, taking the Gospel narrative as it stands, and there one does find some things that do not seem to be very wise. For one thing, he certainly thought that His second coming would occur in clouds of glory before the death of all the people who were living at that time. There are a great many texts that prove that. He says, for instance, "Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel till the Son of Man be come." Then he says, "There are some standing here which shall not taste death till the Son of Man comes into His kingdom"; and there are a lot of places where it is quite clear that He believed that His second coming would happen during the lifetime of many then living. That was the belief of His earlier followers, and it was the basis of a good deal of His moral teaching. When He said, "Take no thought for the morrow," and things of that sort, it was very largely because He thought that the second coming was going to be very soon, and that all ordinary mundane affairs did not count. I have, as a matter of fact, known some Christians who did believe that the second coming was imminent. I knew a parson who frightened his congregation terribly by telling them that the second coming was very imminent indeed, but they were much consoled when they found that he was planting trees in his garden. The early Christians did really believe it, and they did abstain from such things as planting trees in their gardens, because they did accept from Christ the belief that the second coming was imminent. In that respect, clearly He was not so wise as some other people have been, and He was certainly not superlatively wise.   The Moral Problem Then you come to moral questions. There is one very serious defect to my mind in Christ's moral character, and that is that He believed in hell. I do not myself feel that any person who is really profoundly humane can believe in everlasting punishment. Christ certainly as depicted in the Gospels did believe in everlasting punishment, and one does find repeatedly a vindictive fury against those people who would not listen to His preaching -- an attitude which is not uncommon with preachers, but which does somewhat detract from superlative excellence. You do not, for instance find that attitude in Socrates. You find him quite bland and urbane toward the people who would not listen to him; and it is, to my mind, far more worthy of a sage to take that line than to take the line of indignation. You probably all remember the sorts of things that Socrates was saying when he was dying, and the sort of things that he generally did say to people who did not agree with him.  You will find that in the Gospels Christ said, "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of Hell." That was said to people who did not like His preaching. It is not really to my mind quite the best tone, and there are a great many of these things about Hell. There is, of course, the familiar text about the sin against the Holy Ghost: "Whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven him neither in this World nor in the world to come." That text has caused an unspeakable amount of misery in the world, for all sorts of people have imagined that they have committed the sin against the Holy Ghost, and thought that it would not be forgiven them either in this world or in the world to come. I really do not think that a person with a proper degree of kindliness in his nature would have put fears and terrors of that sort into the world.   Then Christ says, "The Son of Man shall send forth his His angels, and they shall gather out of His kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity, and shall cast them into a furnace of fire; there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth"; and He goes on about the wailing and gnashing of teeth. It comes in one verse after another, and it is quite manifest to the reader that there is a certain pleasure in contemplating wailing and gnashing of teeth, or else it would not occur so often. Then you all, of course, remember about the sheep and the goats; how at the second coming He is going to divide the sheep from the goats, and He is going to say to the goats, "Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire." He continues, "And these shall go away into everlasting fire." Then He says again, "If thy hand offend thee, cut it off; it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into Hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched; where the worm dieth not and the fire is not quenched." He repeats that again and again also. I must say that I think all this doctrine, that hell-fire is a punishment for sin, is a doctrine of cruelty. It is a doctrine that put cruelty into the world and gave the world generations of cruel torture; and the Christ of the Gospels, if you could take Him asHis chroniclers represent Him, would certainly have to be considered partly responsible for that.   There are other things of less importance. There is the instance of the Gadarene swine, where it certainly was not very kind to the pigs to put the devils into them and make them rush down the hill into the sea. You must remember that He was omnipotent, and He could have made the devils simply go away; but He chose to send them into the pigs. Then there is the curious story of the fig tree, which always rather puzzled me. You remember what happened about the fig tree. "He was hungry; and seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, He came if haply He might find anything thereon; and when He came to it He found nothing but leaves, for the time of figs was not yet. And Jesus answered and said unto it: 'No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever' . . . and Peter . . . saith unto Him: 'Master, behold the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.'" This is a very curious story, because it was not the right time of year for figs, and you really could not blame the tree. I cannot myself feel that either in the matter of wisdom or in the matter of virtue Christ stands quite as high as some other people known to history. I think I should put Buddha and Socrates above Him in those respects.    The Emotional Factor As I said before, I do not think that the real reason why people accept religion has anything to do with argumentation. They accept religion on emotional grounds. One is often told that it is a very wrong thing to attack religion, because religion makes men virtuous. So I am told; I have not noticed it. You know, of course, the parody of that argument in Samuel Butler's book, Erewhon Revisited. You will remember that in Erewhon there is a certain Higgs who arrives in a remote country, and after spending some time there he escapes from that country in a balloon. Twenty years later he comes back to that country and finds a new religion in which he is worshiped under the name of the "Sun Child," and it is said that he ascended into heaven. He finds that the Feast of the Ascension is about to be celebrated, and he hears Professors Hanky and Panky say to each other that they never set eyes on the man Higgs, and they hope they never will; but they are the high priests of the religion of the Sun Child. He is very indignant, and he comes up to them, and he says, "I am going to expose all this humbug and tell the people of Erewhon that it was only I, the man Higgs, and I went up in a balloon." He was told, "You must not do that, because all the morals of this country are bound round this myth, and if they once know that you did not ascend into Heaven they will all become wicked"; and so he is persuaded of that and he goes quietly away.  That is the idea -- that we should all be wicked if we did not hold to the Christian religion. It seems to me that the people who have held to it have been for the most part extremely wicked. You find this curious fact, that the more intense has been the religion of any period and the more profound has been the dogmatic belief, the greater has been the cruelty and the worse has been the state of affairs. In the so-called ages of faith, when men really did believe the Christian religion in all its completeness, there was the Inquisition, with all its tortures; there were millions of unfortunate women burned as witches; and there was every kind of cruelty practiced upon all sorts of people in the name of religion.   You find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world. I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.    How the Churches Have Retarded Progress You may think that I am going too far when I say that that is still so. I do not think that I am. Take one fact. You will bear with me if I mention it. It is not a pleasant fact, but the churches compel one to mention facts that are not pleasant. Supposing that in this world that we live in today an inexperienced girl is married to a syphilitic man; in that case the Catholic Church says, "This is an indissoluble sacrament. You must endure celibacy or stay together. And if you stay together, you must not use birth control to prevent the birth of syphilitic children." Nobody whose natural sympathies have not been warped by dogma, or whose moral nature was not absolutely dead to all sense of suffering, could maintain that it is right and proper that that state of things should continue.  That is only an example. There are a great many ways in which, at the present moment, the church, by its insistence upon what it chooses to call morality, inflicts upon all sorts of people undeserved and unnecessary suffering. And of course, as we know, it is in its major part an opponent still of progress and improvement in all the ways that diminish suffering in the world, because it has chosen to label as morality a certain narrow set of rules of conduct which have nothing to do with human happiness; and when you say that this or that ought to be done because it would make for human happiness, they think that has nothing to do with the matter at all. "What has human happiness to do with morals? The object of morals is not to make people happy."    Fear, the Foundation of Religion Religion is based, I think, primarily and mainly upon fear. It is partly the terror of the unknown and partly, as I have said, the wish to feel that you have a kind of elder brother who will stand by you in all your troubles and disputes. Fear is the basis of the whole thing -- fear of the mysterious, fear of defeat, fear of death. Fear is the parent of cruelty, and therefore it is no wonder if cruelty and religion have gone hand in hand. It is because fear is at the basis of those two things. In this world we can now begin a little to understand things, and a little to master them by help of science, which has forced its way step by step against the Christian religion, against the churches, and against the opposition of all the old precepts. Science can help us to get over this craven fear in which mankind has lived for so many generations. Science can teach us, and I think our own hearts can teach us, no longer to look around for imaginary supports, no longer to invent allies in the sky, but rather to look to our own efforts here below to make this world a better place to live in, instead of the sort of place that the churches in all these centuries have made it.   What We Must Do We want to stand upon our own feet and look fair and square at the world -- its good facts, its bad facts, its beauties, and its ugliness; see the world as it is and be not afraid of it. Conquer the world by intelligence and not merely by being slavishly subdued by the terror that comes from it. The whole conception of God is a conception derived from the ancient Oriental despotisms. It is a conception quite unworthy of free men. When you hear people in church debasing themselves and saying that they are miserable sinners, and all the rest of it, it seems contemptible and not worthy of self-respecting human beings. We ought to stand up and look the world frankly in the face. We ought to make the best we can of the world, and if it is not so good as we wish, after all it will still be better than what these others have made of it in all these ages. A good world needs knowledge, kindliness, and courage; it does not need a regretful hankering after the past or a fettering of the free intelligence by the words uttered long ago by ignorant men. It needs a fearless outlook and a free intelligence. It needs hope for the future, not looking back all the time toward a past that is dead, which we trust will be far surpassed by the future that our intelligence can create.    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Electronic colophon: This electronic edition of "Why I Am Not a Christian" was first made available by Bruce MacLeod on his "Watchful Eye Russell Page." It was newly corrected (from Edwards, NY 1957) in July 1996 by John R. Lenz for the Bertrand Russell Society.   
Our system of Justice is built on a THeistic foundation dating back to the time of Moses, IMHO.  I'd say the majority of everything that is America is more influenced by greek and roman writings and history more than any theistic dogma. Every subject at school, the structure of our government, our volunteer military, you name it. Books on these subjects are readily available.  People had common sense before they had your version of chritsian dogma around, and they'll have it long after it's gone or has evolved to cater to the masses. It is after all, a business.  -Mach
Our system of Justice is built on a THeistic foundation dating back to the time of Moses, IMHO.  Republics, i.e. highly just systems, existed in pagan societies (e.g. early Rome.) They did not base their laws on the commandments of Moses - they based them on common sense.  It's a good thing you were intellectually honest in saying "IMHO" at the end of this ludicrous statement.
Pagan hubris.  The Roman empire was built on corruption, slavery and live human sacrifice.  Infraticide was routinely practiced and over 90% were slaves supporting the great Liberty of Diana and Apollo.  Paganism is imbelicity and filth for the ignorant.  Christian hubris.  The Holy Roman Empire was built on feudalism, serfdom and knight warfare.  Heretic-burning was routinely practiced and over 90% of the serfs believed in the Christian God.  Christianity is imbecility and filth for the ignorant.
Sinjin, Does Russell say anything on free will? Does he give an explanation of it in the atheistic framework?  Did you know that Russell's daughter was of the opinion that his whole life was a search for "God"?  Researching......  It's been years since I read Russell. Will get back to your question.
Bertrand Russell when asked what he would say to God if he were to meet up with Him, said "I will tell Him He did not give me enough evidence."   The Bible makes it clear-The problem is not the absence of evidence, it is the suppression of it. In creation, in history and in Christ He has spoken.   Are you running from the evidence?  Bertrand was!  I found God in a person, the person of Jesus Christ!  We are now at home in a world where truth has been displaced by relevance and blurred by preference.  But we must remember that even relevance becomes irrelevant when it is not related to truth.   Jesus proclaimed boldly, "I am the way, the truth, and the life."  When we know that truth is a person, when we see that truth has a face and eyes that look into our own, our response is no longer a matter of preference or interpretation. It is no longer a topic needing your formulated argument. It is a defining matter of your attitude toward a Person.   Jesus said, "I am the Truth."  He did not mean these words metaphorically, anymore than we ask life's most plaguing questions metaphorically. Is there meaning in life? Where did I come from? Where am I going? How do we know right from wrong? When you look at the Person of Christ, you find all those questions answered because He is the Truth. Truth is not a word to manipulate or a point to be argued. Truth is a Person, the only life perfectly lived, and death selflessly given to set you free. And He asks for your confidence. Consider your response, dear friend, knowing you are in His presence.  Truth is person reaching to all of us in Love, respect and in Lovingkindess. Who will deny the call of Jesus Christ? Click Here:  More.....  Hang on a second - this place isn't a revival meeting for demon-bashing evangelists (is it ?).  Let's get down to specifics: WHO suppressed the evidence you bellow about ? How does "relevance" ever become "irrelevant" in any meaningful way ? How can Truth be a person ? Answers in your own words please - you must be running short of paste by now.
Why not?    Jesus said, he was the WAY, the WAY to the Father, and thus the TRUTH about God.  Jesus is not just a philosopher or good moral teacher (Rabbi) with nice rules for living.  Jesus is the savior! He didn't come to Earth to make bad men good, he came to make dead man LIVE! It's no use shouting your assertions: that doesn't make them worth listening to. You will never make any "converts" who can think for themselves by repeating slogans and mantras about Jesus Christ.
It's no use shouting your assertions: that doesn't make them worth listening to. You will never make any "converts" who can think for themselves by repeating slogans and mantras about Jesus Christ.  True, but isn't the larger group of potential converts those who can't think for themselves and offer the possibility of response to sloglans based on mythology or snake oil?
There are no Atheists!  Only self-deluded liars and ignorant fools!  O.K. that might be a tad rough, but just look at the case study of Anthony Flew!  Intellectually honest?  Agnosticism is the only intellectually honest position and a real agnostic has to be open to the evidence! Seek and you will find God!  What you seem to be bellowing here is that people who don't agree with you are self-deluded liars and ignorant fools ? As for intellectual honesty that is of the essence of the atheist position.
Did you buy the Karl Marx snake oil?  Freddie Nietzsche?  Jean-Paul Sartre?  Are you really a Free thinker?  I looked carefully at all the products being promoted before rejecting them. Though I must admit to being temporarily attracted by some belief systems lacking deities in human or semi-human visualized form.  A free thinker bound only by my knowledge and respect of cause and affect.
Cause and Effect?  How do you test your choices? Can you die and then come back to life and get a do over?  Reincarnation?  Do people really remember previous lives? Is there really any opportunity to a "do over" - after it's all over, dead and buried so to speak?  I prefer the here and now experience. The rest is scholastic level intellectual pursuit I explored at an early age and discarded in favor of identified idealism and reality.
You mean your own escape from reality!  I consider belief system mythology the escape from reality and I'm not afflicted with that burden.
And here is the crux of the matter where I think Libertarians are missing it: As one Founding Father said, "There can be no liberty without virtue." Someone else once said, "Intemperate men can never be free because their passions give rise to their bindings".   If the God of the Bible is right, a nation which legalizes sin and intemperance loses the favor of God. And when the sins of a nation reach their fullness (in God's eyes), that disfavor can turn to judgment (Genesis 15:16, Deuteronomy Chapter 28 - "The blessings of obedience and curses of disobedience). Therefore, while many of the Libertarians mean well on liberal social issues, they nevertheless either don't see the big picture, or they don't believe it will occur.  I read that as a Christian testimonial which typically denies the possibility of any future circumstances not attributed to predictions furnished by Christian mythology.
You mean your own escape from reality!  No, he means he grew up and educated himself.  You should try it some time, books are free at the library you know.  -Mach
If the God of the Bible is right, a nation which legalizes sin and intemperance loses the favor of God. And when the sins of a nation reach their fullness (in God's eyes), that disfavor can turn to judgment (Genesis 15:16, Deuteronomy Chapter 28 - "The blessings of obedience and curses of disobedience). Therefore, while many of the Libertarians mean well on liberal social issues, they nevertheless either don't see the big picture, or they don't believe it will occur.  Honeestly, this is one of the scariest posts I've ever seen. Oh, we can't have liberty, because God will get us! Aaaaah!  Seriously, atheism is legal in this country, but by your logic we should ban it to avert the apocalypse.  By granting each citizen full personal autonomy, we face the possibility of an apocalypse. But by destroying personal autonomy, we face the CERTAINTY of a totalitarian Hell on Earth.  Lousy Chrazis.
Honeestly, this is one of the scariest posts I've ever seen. Oh, we can't have liberty, because God will get us! Aaaaah!  Seriously, atheism is legal in this country, but by your logic we should ban it to avert the apocalypse.  By granting each citizen full personal autonomy, we face the possibility of an apocalypse. But by destroying personal autonomy, we face the CERTAINTY of a totalitarian Hell on Earth.  Lousy Chrazis.  Christianity has always gotten a lot of mileage from the carrot and stick scenario as motivation for believers and suppression of non-believers.
The gist of my "faith" is that:    ...that the notion of the universe created by a being "resembling a man but magnified in every respect, an idealized superman", reflects the gross ignorance of primitive peoples.  And that belief in God is further:  ...merely a projection of the childish wish for the protection of an all-powerful father.   Which would make that belief:   ...so pathetically absurd and infantile that it is humiliating and embarrassing to think that the majority of people will never rise above it. 
You missed the point!  Later in Life, Freud condicted himself and saluted the Theologian AND God!  Now, look, we all evolve, and grow our childish beliefs (e.g. atheism)  I will go further, NO one is an Atheist on their Death bed.  Crappola! I say "bless you" when someone sneezes and often identify myself as Catholic as I am from a Catholic family and am in fact "confirmed". That don't me I actually buy any of it.   Don't try to make Freud out to be a member of "the flock" later in life. That's pure nonsense. Do you know what a figure of speech is?
Sigmund Freud divided all people into "believers" and "unbelievers."  Unbelievers include all those who consider themselves cynics, skeptics, scoffers, agnostics, or atheists. Believers include the rest, whose belief ranges from merely an intellectual assent that someone or something is out there to those like Lewis, Augustine, Tolstoy, and Pascal who have had a life-transforming experience after which their faith becomes the primary motivating and organizing principle of their lives.   Freud came down clearly and strongly against the notion that there is "Anyone" out there. He described his worldview as secular and called it "scientific," and he claimed that no source of knowledge of the universe exists other than "carefully scrutinized observation what we call research." Therefore no knowledge, he said, can be derived from revelation or from intuition. He stated that the notion of the universe created by a being "resembling a man but magnified in every respect, an idealized superman, reflects the gross ignorance of primitive peoples." He stated that no intelligent person could accept the absurdities of the religious worldview.   Freud described the concept of God as merely a projection of the childish wish for the protection of an all-powerful father. He added that "religion is an attempt to master the sensory world in which we are situated by means of the wishful world which we have developed within us as a result of biological and psychological abnormality."   He concluded that the religious view is "so pathetically absurd and . . . infantile that it is humiliating and embarrassing to think that the majority of people will never rise above it."   Except for the brief time as a college student under the influence of a brilliant philosopher named Franz Bratano, a devout believer, when Freud wavered in his atheism, he stated that he remained an unbeliever all of his life. A year before he died, Freud wrote to Charles Sanger, "Neither in my private life nor in my writing have I ever made a secret of being an out-and-out unbeliever."   When we carefully assess the record, however, we find that Freud may not have been quite as adamant in his atheism as he proclaimed. Certainly he did refer to himself often as, "an infidel Jew," and he rejected outright the religious view of the universe, especially the Judeo-Christian view. He certainly attacked this view with all his intellectual might and from every possible perspective. Yet, for some reason he remained preoccupied with these issues; he just could not leave them alone. He spent the last thirty years of his life writing about them.   In an autobiographical study he said that these philosophical and religious issues interested him throughout his life from early youth. A great deal of evidence exists that Freud's worldview proved less than comfortable for him. Faith was by no means a closed issue for him, and he was extremely ambivalent about God's existence.    Anna Freud, Sigmund's daughter who died a few years ago, explained to me the only way to know her father: "Don't read his biographies;" she instructed, "read his letters." Throughout Freud's letters are statements such as,  "If someday we meet above," "[my] one, quite secret prayer," and statements about God's grace.  During the last thirty years of Freud's life, he carried out a continuous exchange of hundreds of letters with a Swiss theologian, Oskar Phister.  It's interesting to note that his longest correspondence was with this theologian. He admired Phister and wrote,   "You are a true servant of God . . . [who] feels the need to do spiritual good to everyone he meets. You did good this way even to me." He later said that Phister was, "In the fortunate position of being able to lead men to God."  Source:: Click Here  Armand M. Nicholi, Jr., M.D. is an Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the Harvard Medical School where he has served for the past 25 years. Dr. Nicholi's popular seminar on the question of God, which he has taught without interruption for the past 35 years, is the basis for his book, The Question of God: C.S. Lewis and Sigmund Freud Debate God, Love, Sex, and the Meaning of Life and a recent PBS series.  So what are you trying to do here - smother everyone with bafflegab ?
So if I have a believer as a friend that suggests a weakness in my atheism?  If I say adios I'm "testifying"?  :xbanghead
No, I just outed Freud as a closet Theist!!!  Next, Oscar Wilde was a Jesus freak!  It is truly amazing that you know the minds and intentions of these people better than they themselves did.  You appear to have singlehandedly changed history in one blustery sweep.  Congratulations.  Waxy
I might start another thread, and change the subject to:  I'm Not Dumb Enough to Be an Agnostic!  Oh well, at least it represents a more illectually honest position than Atheism!  I've tried to be "intellectually honest" with you as well as patient with your "fuzzy" thinking and propensity to paste and interpret.
[size=2]"I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist" is a book out by Norman L. Geisler and Frank Turek  Customer Review: "[The Book..]..convincingly shows why atheism and other non-Christian views require a lot more faith than Christianity.  No, it requires pretty much the same amount of faith, as if faith could be quantified.  .
You missed the point! Earlier in Life, Freud described God as a Father wish fullfilment notion.  Later in Life, Freud condicted himself and saluted the Swiss Theologian AND God!  Now, look, we all evolve, and grow our childish beliefs (e.g. atheism)  I will go further, NO one is an Atheist on their Death bed or in a Fowhole as the WWII guys knew all too well.  Sorry, but I have to say this.  Who the hell gives a flaming turd what Freud thought? He was a coke head quack who pulled a bunch of bunk out of his butt and called it psychotherapy.   ..
The disciples had to be portrayed as a bunch of ignorant, clueless boobs. All the more so to show the superiority of the "master". That one word was never written by any of the twelve is evident by this example alone:  Whenever I hear a preacher (usually my brother) talking about something Jesus did in his life, it makes Jesus sound really full of himself and superior.  Like: "hey man, I came to your house and you didn't wash my feet or kiss my cheek, Hey, I'm da son a god ova here."  We read in MT 14:13 the miracle of feeding five thousand people with a couple fish and five loaves of bread. The disciples are bowled over with this development--speechless--despite already personally observing numerous over miracles, such as walking on water, untold healings, water transforming into wine, etc. Yeah, you'd think they'd get used to it.  Then one brief chapter later, we are to believe Jesus is faced with feeding a mere four thousand people with nothing more than seven loaves and "a few little fishes". The disciples' response? MT 15:33: "Where are we to get enough loaves to satisfy so great a crowd?"   If you personally had just observed five thousand people rubbing their bellies in satisfaction and fulfillment, would that be your question? Must we believe these twelve were nothing more than open-mouthed, clueless doofuses? Or is it more probable that it never happened? The disciples seem to have the least faith of all christians. They needed constant reminder of Jesus's power by displays of supernatural acts. When people questioned Jesus he didn't say "Just have faith that I'm god/son of god." Instead, he pulled a David Copperfield.
Here are the three Theistic options: (Theistic)  1) Judaism 2) Christianity 3) Islam  Here are the options that can't be True (Nontheistic)  1) Hinduism (pantheistic and polytheistic) 2) Buddhism (pantheistic or atheistic) 3) New Age (pantheistic) 4) Secular humanism (atheistic) 5) Mormonism (polytheistic) 6) Wicca (pantheistic or polytheistic) 7) Taoism (pantheistic or atheistic) 8) Confucianism (atheistic) 9) Shinto (polytheistic)    Logically, if theism is true, then all nontheisms are false.  You desperately need to take a course on elementary logic.  Waxy
from Dictionary.com :   theism - the doctrine or belief in the existence of a God or gods.
THat is from the book,and I wanted to post that early on, and I am open to more flexible definitions, but it does make me think about say, Hinduism, and Mahatma Gandhi.  He was a big fan of the NT, and says he was powerfully influence by the Sermon of the Mount and was inspired by it, in part in the founding of his passion for non-violence, but I doubt that he had the same God, as Christianity.  Not because he rejected Jesus as divine, he did, I just question how a Hindu can grasp God in an illusionary or transient system of thinking. I will follow-up on the Karma or Gospel thread.  What does this have to do with your lack of understanding of the elementary priniciples of logic?  For that matter, what does this have to do with anything?  Waxy
You don't really appear interested in our topic, and that post was from the authors of the book.  How would you change their list?  You're right, I'm not interested in your incoherent ramblings, rather I'm annoyed at the bluster of cut and paste spam you've managed to produce.  I have no problem with the list, my problem is with your use of "logic".  Waxy
 I am really going to miss your profound Religious and Theological contributions!   Wish I could say the same.  Unfortunately, you're not interested in debate, you're only interested in hearing yourself talk - in other people's words of course.  Waxy  P.S. I see I've upset you to the point of childish name calling. emoticon_cry  Well, at least I found the limits of your Christian understanding and patience. :p
Jumping forward in the Book:  Chapter 3 from Geisler and Turek's book.  This chapter covers the Teleological argument. Which the authors formulate like this:  1. Every design had a designer. 2. The universe has a highly complex design. 3. Therefore, the universe has a Designer.  There is a discussion of The Anthropic Principle.  the universe is specifically tweaked to enable life on earth  the universe is extremely fine-tuned (designed) to support human life here on earth.  Geiser and Turek give an example of an atheistic or agnostic reaction to this proof:  "How do atheists respond to this "proof for God"? Some atheists admit there's some kind of Designer out there. Astronomer Fred Hoyle had his atheism shaken by the Anthropic Principle [....] Holyle concluded, "A commonsense interpretation of the facts suggests that a super intellect has monkeyed with physics, as well as chemistry and biology, and that there are no blind forces worth speaking about in nature."  Atheists have had to resort to wild speculation to give chance more of a chance. Their speculation is called the Multiple Universe Theory.  There are multiple problems with this multiple-universe explanation. First, and most significantly, there's no evidence for it! The evidence shows that all of finite reality came into existence with the Big Bang. Finite reality is exactly what we call "the universe." If other finite realities exist, they're beyond our ability to detect. No one has ever observed any evidence that such universes may exist. That's why this multiple universe idea is nothing more than a metaphysical concoction--a fairy tale built on blind faith--as detached from reality as Stephen Hawking's "imaginary time."  We can back one chapter where the Big Bang was covered.  You reject the "multiple universe" theory for lack of "evidence"? You're a crack-up.
Many Atheists I have encountered call God a human effort in wish fullfillment.  THat seeking God and salvation through Jesus Christ is an illusion.  Many of these folks are quoting Freud whether they know it or not.  Ha! In the end, he was a Theist! Thinking similiarly to someone else doesn't mean they are quoting them or supporting anything else that random person said or thought.  Again, Who cares if Freud was a theist, a deist, or a pianist?
Here are the three Theistic options: (Theistic)  1) Judaism 2) Christianity 3) Islam  Here are the options that can't be True (Nontheistic)  1) Hinduism (pantheistic and polytheistic) 2) Buddhism (pantheistic or atheistic) 3) New Age (pantheistic) 4) Secular humanism (atheistic) 5) Mormonism (polytheistic) 6) Wicca (pantheistic or polytheistic) 7) Taoism (pantheistic or atheistic) 8) Confucianism (atheistic) 9) Shinto (polytheistic)    Logically, if theism is true, then all nontheisms are false.  Then logically, if any nontheism (as you put it) is true, then all theism is false. Yay! I did it! emoticon_xclown  How retarded can you get?
I don't have a problem with multiple Universes, although the odds of humans evolving?  Now, the odds that God created in his own likeness?  I am open to this possibility. With God, anything is possible!  LOL!  Well let's say there is only one universe (I don't really believe the multiple universe theory), got that? So there are billions and billions of planets in the universe. So it's luck that it happened on Earth, but not that they evolved.   Let me try another example. You and a friend are playing cards. You are dealt 4 aces. You know your friend and trust him not to cheat. Do you automatically assume he rigged it since the odds against it are (4/52)*(3/51)*(2/50)*(1/49)=3.69*10^-6=.00000369? Pretty unlikely but say you play a trillion card games in your life. Still unlikely that in your life it will happen.   Even if it depended on luck, there are enough tries that the odds are one time life would evolve.   And to your thing about all designs must have a creator. What about God? Was he created? By who/what? In all scientific theories and religions the same question keeps not being answered "but what about before that?" If time is continuous, something must have happened before the first thing, which isn't possible. What was the beginning? But what created that beginning? So my answer is to admit that I don't know everything and that I really don't know. People can continue to give me theories but there really is no human answer to this. I'll just have to wait and see when I die, or if I just die not see, but believing in something out of fear isn't what a free thinker would do. I admit that I don't know and live my life based on what I DO know.
Without thinking the non-existent, and unthinkable God, please solve the seven (7) riddles of the universe which Emil Du Bois-Reymond had enumerated in his 1880 address to the Berlin Academy of Sciences:   1) the nature of matter and force;  Quantum physics   2) the origin of motion;  Quantum mechanics    3) the origin of life;  Chemistry and physics    4) the order in nature;  Geology, Botany, Zoology(all human constructs btw)    5) the origin of simple sensation and consciousness;  Chemistry and Biological evolution.    6) rational thought and speech;  Evolution.    7) freedom of the will.  Evolution.  I'm no scientist so forgive my simple understanding and possible error in terminology.
"Is god willing to prevent evil but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him god?" --Epicurus (341-270 BCE)   "It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are 20 gods, or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg." --Thomas Jefferson   "We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further." --Richard Dawkins   "If we assume that man actually does resemble God, then we are forced into the impossible theory that God is a coward, an idiot and a bounder." --H.L. Mencken    Organized religion is like organized crime; it preys on peoples' weaknesses, generates huge profits for its operators, and is almost impossible to eradicate.   "If the lord had meant us to have faith, he'd have given us lobotomies." --Zlatko  There are none more ignorant and useless, than they that seek answers on their knees, with their eyes closed.  Since logic, reason, and historical precision play no part in Christianity, unfortunately, these disciplines are useless in discussions with Christians.   OH Your favorite: "In the long run nothing can withstand reason and experience, and the contradiction religion offers to both is only too palpable." --Sigmund Freud   "I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect, had intended for us to forgo their use." --Galileo Galilei   Jesus loves you. Then again, so does Barney.  "A scientist is a man who changes his beliefs according to reality, a theist is a man who changes reality to match his beliefs." --Volker Braun (1998)  "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away." --Philip K. Dick   "I believe the spreading of Catholicism to be the most horrible means of political and social degradation left in the world." --Charles Dickens  "Fear believes -- courage doubts. Fear falls upon the earth and prays -- courage stands erect and thinks. Fear is barbarism -- courage is civilization. Fear believes in witchcraft, in devils and in ghosts. Fear is religion, courage is science." --Robert G. Ingersoll    "The church says the earth is flat, but I know that it is round, for I have seen the shadow on the moon, and I have more faith in a shadow than in the church." --Ferdinand Magellan  "It is best to read the weather forecast before praying for rain." --Mark Twain  "God and Country are an unbeatable team; they break all records for oppression and bloodshed." --Luis Buquel    "I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of the abuses of grief which the history of mankind has preserved - the Cross. Consider what calamities that engine of grief has produced!" --John Adams (a theist)  "It's interesting to speculate how it developed that in two of the most anti-feminist institutions, the church and the law court, the men are wearing the dresses." --Flo Kennedy   "One of my favorite fantasies is that next Sunday not one single woman, in any country of the world, will go to church. If women simply stop giving our time and energy to the institutions that oppress, they could cease to be." --Sonia Johnson   "I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires." --Susan B. Anthony   "Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private schools, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and the state forever separated." --Ulysses S. Grant   "Ministers say that they teach charity. That is natural. They live on hand-outs. All beggars teach that others should give." --Robert Ingersoll   "What we call God's justice is only man's idea of what he would do if he were God." --Elbert Hubbard   "No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says; he is always convinced that it says what he means." --George Bernard Shaw   "Faith is often the boast of the man who is too lazy to investigate." --F.M. Knowles  "I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours." --Stephen Roberts   "The man who is always worrying about whether or not his soul would be damned generally has a soul that isn't worth a damn." --Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.  "A man is accepted into church for what he believes--and turned out for what he knows." --Mark Twain  "If we are going to teach 'creation science' as an alternative to evolution, then we should also teach the stork theory as an alternative to biological reproduction." --Judith Hayes   "If Christians want us to believe in a Redeemer, let them act redeemed." --Voltaire  "The trouble with born-again Christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around." --Herb Caen  Why be born again, when you can just grow up?   "God - who is said to have created everything from nothing and to have done so with no help from anyone is now completely helpless to do anything at all without the assistance of an army of clergymen and the charity of a flock of faithful followers." --Rev. Donald Morgan   Theists think all gods but theirs are false. Atheists simply don't make an exception for the last one.  A religious war is like children fighting over who has the strongest imaginary friend.   "The ability of the theist to misunderstand a thing is directly proportional to the obviousness of the thing." --Oscar Wilde  In case of rapture, can I have your car?   "We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another." --Jonathan Swift   (Classic)In the beginning, there was nothing. And God said, 'Let there be Light.' And there was still nothing, but you could see a bit better.   "Stripping away the irrational, the illogical, and the impossible, I am left with atheism. I can live with that." --Mark Twain   You know your god is man-made when he hates all the same people you do.   "Christ died for our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?" --Jules Feiffer   "I still say a church steeple with a lightning rod on top shows a lack of confidence." --Doug MacLeod   "Reason should be destroyed in all Christians." --Martin Luther   "Religion is all bunk." --Thomas Edison   And my favorite quote of a dead man in this bunch: "The United States of America should have a foundation free from the influence of clergy." --George Washington    so--<In the name of the Old Man, The Kid, and the Spook, Amen.    source: http://www.gainesvillehumanists.org/bumpers.htm
I posted that from the book, and used a conclusion from the end of the book on purpose.  I call that bottom line first, and would welcome your admendments.  I tend to agree with the list.  I hope that we can go through at least a few chapters here! You agree that Mormonism is polytheistic?
Without thinking the non-existent, and unthinkable God, please solve the seven (7) riddles of the universe which Emil Du Bois-Reymond had enumerated in his 1880 address to the Berlin Academy of Sciences:   1) the nature of matter and force;  2) the origin of motion;  3) the origin of life;  4) the order in nature;  5) the origin of simple sensation and consciousness;  6) rational thought and speech;  and   7) freedom of the will.  If this guy had waited about 50 years he would have heard the answers to all these.  Sinjin provided you with the means through which these things are investigated and understood.   I'd add psychology/neurology to cover 5, 6, and 7.   I don't have a problem with multiple Universes, although the odds of humans evolving?  Now, the odds that God created in his own likeness?  I am open to this possibility. With God, anything is possible!  LOL!  If anything is possible with God, then is it possible that the Bible is totally false?
If this guy had waited about 50 years he would have heard the answers to all these.  Sinjin provided you with the means through which these things are investigated and understood.   I'd add psychology/neurology to cover 5, 6, and 7.     If anything is possible with God, then is it possible that the Bible is totally false? If this guy had waited about 50 years he would have heard the answers to all these.  Sinjin provided you with the means through which these things are investigated and understood.   I'd add psychology/neurology to cover 5, 6, and 7.  If anything is possible with God, then is it possible that the Bible is totally false?  :)  We can add philosophy to the list of solutions as well, some of the questions might be foolish to ask in those terms. Getting the questions right is half the answer.  -Mach
Yes, in effect, they believe in three gods.  Christianity believes in the Trinity - three in one.  Consider the Triune nature of God, in the Old Testament, or in Judaism:  The Use of the Compound One  The fourth line of evidence for unity of the Godhead in the Old Testament is in Deuteronomy 6:4; a very famous verse for Jewish people. Deuteronomy 6:4 is called the sh'ma, and it is considered the essence of all forms of Judaism. That verse reads: Hear, 0 Israel: Jehovah our God is one Jehovah:...This verse, more than any other, emphasizes the concept of a unity. In the field of Jewish evangelism, Deuteronomy 6:4 is often used by Jewish people to teach against the plurality of the Godhead. But, if this verse is studied very carefully, it is evident that it is not teaching an absolute unity, but a compound unity. Rather than arguing against a plurality of the Godhead, Deuteronomy 6:4 actually supports the concept of plurality in the Godhead. To begin with, it should be pointed out that where it reads Jehovah our God the Hebrew word for God is plural, and literally reads, "our Gods." But, the key word to focus attention on is the word one.  Echad  The Hebrew word for one is echad. By comparing the usage of echad elsewhere in the Old Testament, it is clear that this word refers to a compound one, not an absolute one. For example, Genesis 1:5 states: And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, one day. The combination of evening and morning comprised the unity of echad, or one day. Another key passage is Genesis 2:24: Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh. A man and a woman who come together in marriage are said to become one [echad] flesh. There are two personalities, a man and a woman, coming together in marriage, and the two become one. Obviously, they do not become an absolute one, for they retain their separate personalities; however, there is definitely a unity there. Another example is Ezra 3:1, where the whole assembly of Israel was as one [echad]. Although it was comprised of numerous individuals, they were all looked upon as one; obviously a united one. Another example is Ezekiel 37:17, where Ezekiel is told to put two sticks together, and they are combined to become one [echad] stick. These examples of the usage of the word echad in the Hebrew text, which is the very same word used in Deuteronomy 6:4, show that it speaks of a compound unity, not an absolute unity.  Yachid  There is another Hebrew word which does mean an absolute one: yachid. It is used in Genesis 22:2, where it emphasizes Isaac as Abraham's only, unique son. So, if Moses had wanted to emphasize absolute oneness of God, he would have used the term yachid. But he did not use that term for the oneness of God. Deuteronomy 6:4 is, therefore, an argument in favor of the plurality of the Godhead and, at the same time, it teaches the unity of this plurality of the one God."  Source::More - Click Here So Christianity is polytheistic and mormonism is a sect of that. That's what you're saying, right?  And only Judaism and Islam are truly monotheistic.
Consider Professor of quantum physics at Cambridge University, Dr. John Polkinghorne, and his book, One World, there is a marvelous exposition of his fascination with the created order.  He said,  "Ladies and gentlemen, if you were to analyze just one contingency in the early picoseconds of the universe"-a picosecond is how long it takes the speed of something moving at the speed of light to traverse the breadth of a single strain of hair-he said,   "If you look at the early picoseconds of this universe and analyze just one contingent, the expansion and relation to the contraction, do you know how precise that had to be?"  He said,   "It would be like taking aim at a one-square-inch object at the other end of the universe twenty billion light years away and hitting it bull's eye." And then he said, "Gentlemen, there's no free lunch. Somebody has to pay." You fail to mention that Polkinghorne is a Church of England clergyman who is eager to put a creationist spin on the origin of the universe. As an antidote to this "fascination with the created order", it's probably useless to suggest that you take time to read a very short book on the first 3 minutes by Steven Weinberg. (If you are appalled by the mathematics that underlie this excellent primer, don't worry - all the equations etc. are stashed away in a supplement at the end of the book).
 The late, great Harvard professor Stephen Jay Gould has said the following regarding the quest for meaning:  The pathways that have led to our evolution are quirky, improbable, unrepeatable and utterly unpredictable. Human evolution is not random; it makes sense and can be explained after the fact. But wind back life?s tape to the dawn of time and let it play again-and you will never get humans a second time . . . We cannot read the meaning of life passively in the facts of nature. We must construct these answers ourselves?from our own wisdom and ethical sense. There is no other way.  (Stephen Jay Gould, quoted in David Friend and editors of Life magazine, The Meaning of Life, 33.)   Or we can just admit that a. There is no meaning of life b. we don't know what it is  Even the author of this quote admits "we must construct these answers ourselves". It may make you feel good about life, but I don't believe it's true.
Ravi Zacharias writes:  In his book Meaning, philosopher Michael Polanyi stated that by reducing life to atomic elements and blind forces, science has, in effect, made the pursuit of life?s meaning meaningless. Polanyi warns us that it is not for science to make this determination because scientific method can only address the question of what?nature and matter?but not why?the purpose of such matter.   And yet the stuff of reality, again, the "what," and the purpose driving reality, the "why," are inextricably bound together. Science tends to reduce all of reality to the "what"?the material. But surely only as one understands the "why" of life can the "what" be defined, for it is the "why" that provides the glue and our purpose for why we are here in the first place. Simply put, if I am an intentional creation of God, then life must be deemed sacred, for there is a built-in purpose to my existence. But if I am merely the product of time and chance, the body may be profaned, for life itself is disposable. In fact, in a naturalistic framework the words "profane" and "sacred" are only descriptive of one?s feelings of reverence or irreverence. In a world without God there is no essential meaning or sanctity to humanity.   What the brain is to the body, the mind is to the soul. Fulfillment and purpose may only be known by a mind because such experiences require that which is essentially personal: joy, love, beauty, wonder. We can move from mind to meaning but not so easily from matter to meaning.   That is why, after explaining the "what" of our universe, Stephen Hawking ends his book A Brief History of Time with these words: "Now if we only knew why, [then] we would have the mind of God."   His inescapable implication is that the answer to the final question would have to come from a mind that transcends our material universe. There is a mind beyond us which has infused our world with meaning and purpose?the mind of God. My friend, a meaningful "why" for reality can only have its source in the very mind of a personal God.   Now trust me, I have to know why for everything. I ask questions about why a computer works with just 1's and 0's. Why doe a^2+b^2=c^2 in a right triangle (law of cosines), and everything else in reality and school. But I also know that with some things, you just can't figure out why. Why is the sky blue? Why is the grass green? Why do some people kill? Why do we have suffering in the world? I admit that I don't and can't know why. Other people decide it would be easier if they just say "it was God". Why does the sun go around the Earth? Because of God. As I've stated before people were killed for suggesting the world went around the sun. The nature of the church is to stop people from asking why, not encourage it. Many religious people do still question things, but mainly with the church, you shouldn't question God, just accept him and all the things we tell you. Yes why is an important question to ask, but I'd rathere admit I don't know than to fabricate an answer to my question.
The Fine-Tuned Universe  * the delicately balanced cosmic constants in the world that make conditions "just right" for human existence ("the Goldilocks effect," astrophysicists have called it). Freeman Dyson notes: "As we look out into the Universe and identify the many accidents of physics and astronomy that have worked together for our benefit, it almost seems as if the Universe must in some sense have known that we were coming."  Ach, people thinking in reverse.  Life was specially adapted for Earth. Earth was not specially designed for life.
One yet we have the only planet filled with Life!  How do you know? There are trillions of planets out there. We only have seen nine (maybe more, I'm not an astronomy expert.) More likely than not, some undiscovered planet has life on it.
I just don't have enough Faith to be an Atheist!  Ahhhhhhhhhhh, JUST RIGHT!  Quote:  In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Fred Hoyle discovered that an incredible fine-tuning of the nuclear ground state energies for helium, beryllium, carbon, and oxygen was necessary for any kind of life to exist. The ground state energies for these elements cannot be higher or lower with respect to each other by more than 4% without yielding a universe with insufficient oxygen or carbon for life.3 Hoyle, who has written extensively against theism4 and Christianity in particular5 nevertheless concluded on the basis of this quadruple fine-tuning that "a super-intellect has monkeyed with physics, as well as with chemistry and biology."6   In 2000, a team of astrophysicists from Austria, Germany, and Hungary demonstrated that the level of design for electromagnetism and the strong nuclear force is much greater than what physicists previously had determined.7 The team began by noting that for any kind of conceivable physical life to be possible in the universe certain minimum abundances of both the elements carbon and oxygen must exist. Next, they pointed out that the only astrophysical sources of significant quantities of carbon and oxygen are red giant stars. (Red giant stars are large stars that through nuclear fusion have consumed all of their hydrogen fuel and subsequently engage in the fusion of helium into heavier elements.)   What the astrophysical team did was to mathematically construct models of red giant stars that adopted slightly different values of the strong nuclear force and electromagnetic force constants. They discovered that tiny adjustments in the values of either of these constants imply that red giant stars would produce too little carbon, too little oxygen, or too little of both oxygen and carbon. Specifically, they determined that if the value of the coupling constant for electromagnetism were 4% smaller or 4% larger than what we observe, then life would be impossible. In the case of the coupling constant for the strong nuclear force, if it were 0.5% smaller or larger, life would be impossible.   These new limits on the strengths of the electromagnetic and strong nuclear forces provide much tighter constraints on quark masses and on the Higgs vacuum expectation value.8 Without getting into the details of what the Higgs vacuum expectation value and quarks are all about, the new limits not only demonstrate an enhanced design for the physics of stars and planets but also an enhanced mathematical design of fundamental particle physics.   3. Getting the Right Nucleons   One must monkey with the physics of the universe to get enough of the right elements for life, and further to get those elements to join together to form life molecules. One must also fine-tune the universe to get enough nucleons (protons and neutrons) to form the elements.  In the first moments after creation, the universe contained about 10 billion and 1 nucleons for every 10 billion anti-nucleons. The 10 billion anti-nucleons annihilated the 10 billion nucleons, generating an enormous amount of energy. All the galaxies and stars that make up the universe today were formed from the leftover nucleons. If the initial excess of nucleons over anti-nucleons were any smaller, there would not be enough matter for galaxies, stars, and heavy elements to form. If the excess were any greater, galaxies would form, but they would so efficiently condense and trap radiation that none of them would fragment to form stars and planets.   Source:: Click Here - More  Quit thinking in reverse!  Order is defined by reality. Reality is not defined by order. All this talk of "The universe is so orderly, therefore a mind must have designed it," is cyclical, because the word "orderly" is defined by things we see in the universe.
First of all, I want to say please don't take this statement as putting me on some side with Richbee, because I'm not. Secondly, I agree with you on this statement. But For someone who glorifies rationality and logic and talks about all of the perceived weaknesses and downfalls of faith, this is a highly faith based statement. One based on no evidence whatsoever.  I'm not an expert on astronomy, and I make no authoritative claims on the subject. But it is clear that there are trillions of stars in the universe, and I think it is safe to assume that these stars have planets around them. Evidence, you see.
Trillions?  Did you count 'em?  Perhaps only Billions?  Every galaxy and star(s) or Sun is different.  As far we can discern from the facts, we are the only fined tuned "Garden of Eden".  An estimated 50 billion galaxies are visible to modern telescopes. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, contains hundreds of billions of stars broadly similar to our Sun.  There is already quite a lot of indirect evidence of planets orbiting some stars at distances that would (or might) allow a form of life to evolve there. The proposition that life is not unique to this earth is based on probability. It is not impossible, but very, very unlikely that in the billions of possibilities only one place in the entire universe has produced the necessary and sufficient conditions for life to become established. I know this 2 cent's worth will make no difference to your fantasy about the origin of the cosmos, but I thought it worth posting anyway.
Furthermore:  Because of Einstein's equation, E = mc2, even small changes in c, the velocity of light, lead to huge changes in E, the energy, or m, the mass. Thus, a slight change in light's velocity implies that starlight will either be too strong or too feeble for life or that stars will produce the wrong elements for life.   ...stable orbits of planets about stars and of electrons about the nuclei of atoms are only possible in a universe described by three large and rapidly expanding dimensions of space. In addition, six extremely tiny dimensions that are presently dormant but actively expanded during the first 10-43 seconds of the universe's history are critical for quantum mechanics and gravity to coexist. Therefore, physical life requires a different fine-tuning of the number of effective dimensions both in the present, namely four (three space plus one time), and in the earliest moment of the universe's existence, namely ten (nine space plus one time).    You obviously know nothing about this equation. E=MC^2. C is a CONSTANT which is equal to the speed of light. A constant doesn't change. In this universe he observed that the amount of energy was equal to the amount of mass times the constant of the speed of light squared. Also this has already been proven wrong when you deal with nuclear reactions.   And you keep talking about how it's so unbelievably unlikely that Earth would have developed life by chance. Well think about it. You have trillions of stars out there with many planets orbiting around them. The probability that it would have been on Earth is low. But the probability that it would have developed on any one planet is pretty high. In fact I still remember a quote from the movie "Contact" where she says at the end when asked if she thinks there's intelligent life somewhere: "with all the stars and planets out there, if Earth had the only intelligent life, it would be a pretty big waste of space". Even if god created the Earth and humans and animals, don't you think it's a pretty big waste of space for him to create all these stars and planets? But back to my original point let me give you an example.   You have a group of people in a room. The probability that one person has the same birthday (year, month, day) is pretty small but if you have 10,000 people the probability would be pretty good. That one person who had the same birthday could go "wow, there must be a god who gave me the same birthday" but just by probability it happened. Understand?
  You have a group of people in a room. The probability that one person has the same birthday (year, month, day) is pretty small but if you have 10,000 people the probability would be pretty good. That one person who had the same birthday could go "wow, there must be a god who gave me the same birthday" but just by probability it happened. Understand?  What you say here meets the case - but some people (eg. Richbee ??) have difficulty understanding the concept of probability.
In the winter of 1998, two separate teams of astronomers in Berkeley, California, made a similar, startling discovery. They were both observing supernovae ? exploding stars visible over great distances ? to see how fast the universe is expanding. In accordance with prevailing scientific wisdom, the astronomers expected to find the rate of expansion to be decreasing, Instead they found it to be increasing ? a discovery which has since ?shaken astronomy to its core? (Astronomy, October 1999).   so how exactly is observing supernovae seeing how fast the UNIVERSE is expanding? No one knows where the universe ends or if it ends or not. People talk about whether there could be like a solid wall at the end of the universe or whether it's just infinite, or what. I'd like to see how studying supernovae determines how fast the universe is expanding.    and as the many other people have asked, do you ever have an original thought? It's important to have sources to back up what you say, but you should decide for yourself what you believe based on both sides, not just reading an article and using it in a debate. We can do research, if it were just one really good article you wanted to show, that's one thing, but you do more cut and paste than actual debate.
The purpose of that was to provide background information about the evolving beliefs of Einstein.  The significance of an expanding Universe, is that our Universe has a beginning. "In the beginning God..."  Got it?  This is a discussion based on the Book by the same title and we just covered Chapter 3, and how a Catholic Priest taught Einstein a few lessons!  but I would like to see how exactly he was able to figure out that the universe was expanding. I was under the impression that we didn't know if the universe even had an end or not. In fact I was under the impression that the dictionary definition was correct of the word "universe"  all matter and energy in space: the totality of all matter and energy that exists in the vastness of space, whether known to human beings or not  Microsoft® Encarta® Reference Library 2003. © 1993-2002 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.  I would like to see the research and observations by Einstein showing that the universe was expanding, and what exactly is outside the universe, or is there not an outside, and what it looks like, it's very interesting to me. I always believed we didn't know, but I'd like to know if there really is proof.
And I would like to see some of the equations you have posted, such as where he divided by 0, and where his calculations showed the universe expanding and why. Any source will do or if the text is in the book you can copy part of the equations as well. I'm curious where the theory of relativity has to do with the universe expanding.   And a cause doesn't mean an intelligent being created it. A spider tips a book off the table out of balance and it falls to the floor. The cause was that the spider hit it. But the universe could be by chance as well as intellence too. In fact many scientists consider the big bang to be the cause of the universe. I really don't think there's even enough evidence to determine if the universe had a beginning or not much less contemplate its beginning. But if you have a source showing where Einstein intentionaly divided by 0 and that the universe is expanding and that shows where the universe had a beginning I'd like to see it. I'm curious, please don't dissapoint me :)
I took many Statistics classes at University to earn a degree in Finance.  Perhaps your calculations are an attempt to fit your biased, unfounded POV?  "If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts" - Albert Einstein  There is nothing "biased" about the "calculations" - these numbers were not invented by me, they are an attempt to quantify the objective reality of the cosmos and are available in many astronomy textbooks, reference works, etc. Your background in statistics should be more than adequate for you to appreciate the inferences drawn from probability when you consider the huge number of galaxies within which some solar systems (similar to ours) will have evolved. It's glib and fatuous to quote Albert Einstein as though what I've been trying to communicate is "unfounded" and an instance of what Einstein criticised.
"Safe to assume?" Maybe, but an assumption isn't evidence. Your are, very strictly speaking, correct. It's not impossible that life on this earth is unique in the universe. Arguments to the contrary, in the absence of verifiable evidence, are based on inferences from probability. The very large numbers involved (of galaxies, stars, etc.) is the premise from which this argument is developed.
Thomas Aquinas' conclusions are not the only ones reachable.
I cannot prove God directly, but Thomas Aquinas goes a long way indirectly.  Saint Thomas has four versions of this basic argument.   First, he argues that the chain of movers must have a first mover because nothing can move itself. (Moving here refers to any kind of change, not just change of place.) If the whole chain of moving things had no first mover, it could not now be moving, as it is. If there were an infinite regress of movers with no first mover, no motion could ever begin, and if it never began, it could not go on and exist now. But it does go on, it does exist now. Therefore it began, and therefore there is a first mover.  Unless movement has always existed with no beginning and no "mover".   Second, he expands the proof from proving a cause of motion to proving a cause of existence, or efficient cause. He argues that if there were no first efficient cause, or cause of the universe's coming into being, then there could be no second causes because second causes (i.e., caused causes) are dependent on (i.e., caused by) a first cause (i.e., an uncaused cause). But there are second causes all around us. Therefore there must be a first cause.  Unless the "universe" has always existed and was never "caused". Cause and effect can be an infinite string.   Third, he argues that if there were no eternal, necessary, and immortal being, if everything had a possibility of not being, of ceasing to be, then eventually this possibility of ceasing to be would be realized for everything. In other words, if everything could die, then, given infinite time, everything would eventually die. But in that case nothing could start up again. We would have universal death, for a being that has ceased to exist cannot cause itself or anything else to begin to exist again. And if there is no God, then there must have been infinite time, the universe must have been here always, with no beginning, no first cause. But this universal death has not happened; things do exist! Therefore there must be a necessary being that cannot not be, cannot possibly cease to be. That is a description of God.  Bingo.    Fourth, there must also be a first cause of perfection or goodness or value. We rank things as more or less perfect or good or valuable. Unless this ranking is false and meaningless, unless souls don't really have any more perfection than slugs, there must be a real standard of perfection to make such a hierarchy possible, for a thing is ranked higher on the hierarchy of perfection only insofar as it is closer to the standard, the ideal, the most perfect. Unless there is a most-perfect being to be that real standard of perfection, all our value judgments are meaningless and impossible. Such a most-perfect being, or real ideal standard of perfection, is another description of God. Just blather to my mind.
Yes, yes, and next you will argue against the Big Bang? Please post your theory, and display your FAITH!  Your condescending manner is tedious but I will continue in hopes of helping you on your way to Nirvana.  It is conceivable that the "Big Bang" was the beginning of this universe but not the first. Expansion and contraction across infinity is a valid theory. I believe the Hindus use the term "yuga" to describe similar ideas.
I would like to stop and ask if someone can post the building blocks of life and the first life creature?  What was the first one celled living organism?  Without God, as creator and designer, did the building blocks come together?  Please note, I want to be fair, so pick yourselves up off the floor and wipe off the blood, have a cool drink of water, that off course tastes so good because of GOD!  And, let's get on with the show!  How you claim victory without actually engaging in debate is beyond me.
How you claim victory without actually engaging in debate is beyond me.  Your patience is beyond me. :p   Waxy
 I like to start with the bone crushing refutation first and then watch for the Athesitic nihilistic whining of the "faithful" to follow.  Are you ready for LIFE?  emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes   Waxy
What was that, I can't hear you?  LOL, you're quite the character Richbee. Your immaturity is priceless.  You forgot to say na na na na na over an over again while stomping your foot. :p   Waxy  ON EDIT: You were amazingly quick to respond to someone you're ignoring. :p
O.K. folks, we should move beyond Einstein, the Big Bang, and First Cause with most excellent Fine-Tuning to......  Chapter 5 "The First Life: Natural Law or Divine Awe?"  A continuation of my comments on Geisler and Turek's book.  Even back in High School, I remeber kids rolling their eyes at our Biology teacher. Who really ever believed the warm pool of chemicals theory?  Ha!  That last line should generate some passionate Religious response from the Darwin faithful!  A little thin on "my comments" don't you think?  Let me guess, you didn't go to high school in a city?
Were you going to prove our Big Bang, expanding Universe, without God?   The "Big Bang" is a theory. The expanding universe is an observable fact. Whether it will expand forever or ultimately contract, "Big Crunch", is being studied now. It has to do with total mass including matter that we cannot see. Recently researchers have stated that it looks as though it will continue to expand but I doubt the point is settled.  All scientific "proofs" exclude God from the equation.
Yes, and a probable fact that agrees with the Biblical account.  In the beginning God!  Nothing comes out of Nothing, and the Atheist has a problem with this Metaphysical Law.  The Big Bang doesn't say Something comes out of Nothing. It says that the universe came out of a singularity which was likely the result of a Big Crunch in the past.
Metaphysical Law? Now you're just wingin' it. Better get back to pasting.
At one time, this was my favorite subject and I scored 98 in freshman Bio at University.  SIGH  Those were the days, and now? "Don't know much about Biology...."  Now there is a fascinating dimension of the debate, what if we throw in Theistic Evolutionists? There is a famous one from Brown University, and he claims that there is no conflict between Religion and Evolution!?  DNA  There is a problem here, with the origin of life, specifically of DNA (we could also mention the problem of assembling the first cell, one strand of DNA will not work on its own).  Now if one strand of DNA, for the simplest form of life known, is 1000 volumes of an encyclopedia, then we have a fundamental problem with saying this came about by chance. The probabilities are so small they are off the scale, and send most calculators into melt-down!  Go calculate that one!  emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_angry posts like these make me cringe.  Ok, one established thing that most creationist forget is that all sciences are related.  So, when talking about the "randomness of DNA", i have to say this.  The reason DNA is how it is is because of the elements it is composed of (Namely N, H, C, and a Phosphate group (PO4 -3)). The reason the N's and the C's hook up the way they do is because of another science, chemistry.  Not all atoms are stable. The most stable of atoms are the noble gasses, which have totally filled valence shells. However, unstable atoms play a little trick. They bind with other atoms and share/distribute electrons so that they can have a completely filled valence shell.  Each nucleotide (the building block of DNA) is made up of three parts. A phosphate group, a nitrogenous base, and a pentose sugar.  Each of these parts exist because of their stability. For instance, the pentose sugar is made up of five carbons, an oxygen (four C's and 1 O form a ring, and the other C is attached to the number 1 carbon), and many H's. When hooking up C's and O's, there are only certain possibilities that can be created with a fixed amount of energy.  So, each of the parts that make up a nucleotide exists because that is a stable configuration.  It isnt random. Not all combinations exist. That's like saying if i put a bunch of H and a bunch of O's together, there should be thousands of different molecules created, and only one would be H2O.  SO, do NOT claim that DNA must have an intelligent creator because it cannot be random, because science does not claim its structure was the result of random creation. Its structure and creation exists because of chemistry and the properties of the atoms that create it.
I won't pretend to be rich in DNA....knowledge.  But, I do believe in calling in Resources!  DNA, Design and the Origin of Life  Charles B. Thaxton, Ph.D.   Conclusion  Darwin convinced many of the leading intellectuals in his time that design in the world is only apparent, that it is the result of natural causes. Now, however, the situation has taken a dramatic turn, though few have recognized its significance. The elucidation of DNA and unravelling the secrets of the genetic code have opened again the possibility of seeing true design in the universe.  Darwin was correct and the truth of his statement has not changed. The thoughts of Creationists such as Thaxton change nothing. It is Thaxton who suggests a "dramatic turn" not the scientific community at large.
Well, you get busy in the Lab and don't come back until you duplicate the randon event that some say started life! There must have been first one and then two DNA strands, No?  Oh, and if you could build one, YOU WOULD BE THE DESIGNER!  Imagine that, created in the likeness of God, and creating DNA!  Next, work on just one cell, or build us a bacteria, or a designer Amoeba!  What random event started life? I certainly don't say life is random at all. Maybe you could clarify as to what the random event was.  Yes, there was one DNA in a cell, then the cell replicated and made two DNA. I don't see what's so difficult...  But i didn't build one. Neither did God.
Without God, what would be the meaning and purpose of DNA?    It is man who assigns meaning and gives purpose. What is the meaning and purpose of a sunset, waterfall or mountain?
Atheists have a serious problem withthe Big Bang, and resisted the idea.   I almost let this one go by. What problem do I have with the "Big Bang"?  How does the "Big Bang" point to a Creator?  Who resisted the idea of the "Big Bang" and was an avowed atheist?  Your rejection of the theory of a "Big Crunch" is predictable and of no consequence.
  High Mountain Waterfalls  High mountain streams make  the best waterfalls   Cool cascading water falling  down   rushing, roaring, pouring  down   quick quick Rush   quick quick Roar  rhythmic waves step stepping  down   syncopated splashes pulsating  down  falling becomes flowing  overflowing a shallow pool   tranquil, serene, so pristine  nature's resplendent hope singing in transcendent glory  By Richbee  Bravo, finally something original. You'll notice that you dealt with what it "is" and what it "does" but not its meaning or purpose.
If Philosophical Naturalism were true, why would our World be beautiful in the first place?   It's not. Beauty exists only in the mind of man.
It's not. Beauty exists only in the mind of man.  This reminds me of a twilight zone where this one person is getting plastic surgery to get rid of this horrible disorder. They never show anyone's face in the whole thing. Then after the surgery they show the person look in the mirror. His face looks fine but he screams. They then back up to show that all the other beings have a pointed nose, circular eye sockets, and fangs. They say they're sorry the person is still ugly. The lesson: The beauty is in the eye of the beholder. It's all in your head.
He means the waterfall itself, not your poem about it -what is its point.  People enjoy your poem, and the sight of the waterfall- yet where do you justify that the river in question was designed to be enjoyed by observers or poets and their readers?  *sighs* As for DNA... firstly, if you replicated the conditions of the origins of life in a lab, that doesn't mean intelligence is behind it any more than by chewing your food God must have first chewed food!!1!one! You are carrying out a simiualtion of the original to see if, assuming certain things, could an event of happened with regards to what occured next - its just a case of working out assumptions (and whether they fit with existing evidence).  Though subject for another thread, its does seem wierd what the human mindis willing to accept as magic, compared to being completely impossible
Well, what do you suppose that "transcendent glory" might be?   An allusion?
Is Science just observering?  What about the Religion or the Church of Darwinism?  This one truly deserves a non-response. Either you're changing the subject with a loaded question or being needlessly cryptic or both, I can't tell which.
You posted volumes of TRUTH Bro'  Outstanding, it isn't random! It's chemistry but based first on the fine-tuned balance of the atoms - electrons, protons and neutrons!  A fine-tuning that could never have been the result of time + matter + chance.  I covered this, but it bears repeating, so that I can refer back to this post:  Quote:  Getting the Right Molecules:  For life to be possible, more than forty different elements must be able to bond together to form molecules. Molecular bonding depends on two factors, the strength of the force of electromagnetism and the ratio of the mass of the electron to the mass of the proton.   If the electromagnetic force were significantly larger, atoms would hang on to electrons so tightly no sharing of electrons with other atoms would be possible. But if the electromagnetic force were significantly weaker, atoms would not hang on to electrons at all, and again, the sharing of electrons among atoms, which makes molecules possible, would not take place. If more than just a few kinds of molecules are to exist, the electromagnetic force must be more delicately balanced yet.   The size and stability of electron orbits about the nuclei of atoms depends on the ratio of the electron mass to the proton mass. Unless this ratio is delicately balanced, the chemical bandings essential for life chemistry could never take place.   Getting the Right Atoms  Life molecules cannot result unless sufficient quantities of the elements essential for life are available, which means atoms of various sizes must be able to form. For that to happen, a delicate balance must exist among the constants of physics which govern the strong and weak nuclear forces, gravity, and the nuclear ground state energies (quantum energy levels important for the forming of elements from protons and neutrons) for several key elements.   (SNIP)...At whatever level we examine the building blocks of life-electrons, nucleons, atoms, or molecules-the physics of the universe must be very meticulously fine-tuned. The universe must be exactingly constructed to create the necessary electrons. It must be exquisitely crafted to produce the protons and neutrons required. It must be carefully fabricated to obtain the needed atoms. Unless it is skillfully fashioned, the atoms will not be able to assemble into complex enough molecules. Such precise balancing of all these factors is truly beyond our ability to comprehend. Yet with the measuring of the universe, even more astounding facts become apparent.[INDENT]  A "Just Right" Universe - Click Here  Shame to follow "bro's" truth with more of your parroted claptrap.
Chapter 6 - Darwin and Evolution  Who would like to lead in with an example of evolution?   http://bioweb.cs.earlham.edu/9-12/evolution/HTML/live.html
Outstanding, it isn't random! It's chemistry but based first on the fine-tuned balance of the atoms - electrons, protons and neutrons!  A fine-tuning that could never have been the result of time + matter + chance.  I covered this, but it bears repeating, so that I can refer back to this post:  Quote:  Getting the Right Molecules:  For life to be possible, more than forty different elements must be able to bond together to form molecules. Molecular bonding depends on two factors, the strength of the force of electromagnetism and the ratio of the mass of the electron to the mass of the proton.   If the electromagnetic force were significantly larger, atoms would hang on to electrons so tightly no sharing of electrons with other atoms would be possible. But if the electromagnetic force were significantly weaker, atoms would not hang on to electrons at all, and again, the sharing of electrons among atoms, which makes molecules possible, would not take place. If more than just a few kinds of molecules are to exist, the electromagnetic force must be more delicately balanced yet.    I agree that it is miraculous that atoms exist the way they do. But it doesn't mean they have a creator.  Imagine this: When the Big Bang occured, there were tons and tons of different types of atoms. Some had a greater electromagnetic force, some had a lesser one. The one with a greater force quickly collapsed into themselves, destroying the nucleus and expelling great amounts of energy. The atoms that had a lesser electromagnetic force quickly lost their electrons, and thus lost stability and broke apart.   Therefore, the only atoms that were left are those atoms that had the correct electromagnetic force. And those are the atoms we see today.  There. An explanation of the existence of our atoms w/o a God.  The size and stability of electron orbits about the nuclei of atoms depends on the ratio of the electron mass to the proton mass. Unless this ratio is delicately balanced, the chemical bandings essential for life chemistry could never take place.  Getting the Right Atoms  Life molecules cannot result unless sufficient quantities of the elements essential for life are available, which means atoms of various sizes must be able to form. For that to happen, a delicate balance must exist among the constants of physics which govern the strong and weak nuclear forces, gravity, and the nuclear ground state energies (quantum energy levels important for the forming of elements from protons and neutrons) for several key elements.   (SNIP)...At whatever level we examine the building blocks of life-electrons, nucleons, atoms, or molecules-the physics of the universe must be very meticulously fine-tuned. The universe must be exactingly constructed to create the necessary electrons. It must be exquisitely crafted to produce the protons and neutrons required. It must be carefully fabricated to obtain the needed atoms. Unless it is skillfully fashioned, the atoms will not be able to assemble into complex enough molecules. Such precise balancing of all these factors is truly beyond our ability to comprehend. Yet with the measuring of the universe, even more astounding facts become apparent.  The problem with this argument that you cut and pasted is this:  It assumes that elements exist for the sole purpose of creating life.  I say, what if the atoms are how they are, and it just so happens that life could imerge from these elements?  Consider this analogy:  I am building a house. In the forest. I look around to see what I can build my house out of. There is nothing but wood. So, I accomodate the design of my house so that it can be built with wood. Now, what you are doing, is looking at that house, and saying, "Wow, someone must have put all these trees here just so that you could build your house" as opposed to saying, "You built your house out of wood because that is what was lying around." You see?  Elements do not exist for the sole purpose of creating life. Life is the result of what was "lying around".
Excellent, Richbee.   Now, many atheists claim that whatever energy / matter there is has always existed.   As opposed to God always existing, no?
Excellent, Richbee.   Now, many atheists claim that whatever energy / matter there is has always existed. At the same time they say the universe had a beginning (the "Big Bang"). Which is it? Sounds like double-talk to me.   Sounds rhetorical. Are you here to sway with rhetoric and denial or are you here to "debate" and arrive at a logical conclusion? I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you're hear to acquire knowledge.  You mean physicists? Or do you mean atheists, having read through cosomological findings, make these claims? I doubt all atheists are capable on their own, of making such claims...but let's examine your issue:  Science cannot yet see beyond what they term the big bang, because time and space (you know, the components of our universe that make us talking possible) cannot be traced beyond that point. It's theoriezed they came into existence at that time, so talking about "a time before the beginining of time", or "existence before space/time existed" is illogical and meaningless.  Please read the following links, and that might help clear up your confusion.  http://map.gsfc.nasa.gov/m_uni/uni_101bb2.html http://curious.astro.cornell.edu/question.php?number=476 http://everythingforever.com/ywexist.htm  Don't be worried if you're confused, these are some of the frontier questions of our time, thousands spend their lives researching and discovering new bits of information that may ultimately lead to a more complete understanding. It's confusing to most everyone.  -Mach
Again, I would assert that Scientific Materialism, or Philosophic Naturalism and Evolution just can't account for the refined consciousness, and the ability to reflect on beauty or appreciate a poem. Even if it is free verse. (Robert Frost said, writing in free verse in like playing tennis with the net down.)  lol.  Because richbee doesn't know everything, he therefore knows an unknowable god exists who created everything, including babies with terminal brain cancer who know nothing more than pain for their short, pitiful lives.  Let me repeat a few challenges for atheists!  Belief in God answers life's most intractable questions, puzzles and riddles! Answers, sure. But what's 2+2? god? Or 3? both answer the question, do you submit that god is an adequate answer? Of course not, the concept of god is irrational, and while you're beating a bible, other people, humans, strive to make the WORLD, not the unknowable ficticious afterlife, a better place.  Our minds were created to comprehend God, and Nature is an indirect means to see God revealed! sure, circular reasoning at it's best! Rhetoric, sophism, all your trademarks!  And, with our senses and our minds! Consider:  The fact of consciousness/subjectivity, intentionality, and various mental properties:   * Thomas Nagel writes, "Consciousness is what makes the mind-body problem really intractable."   * John Searle notes that "the leading problem in the biological sciences is the problem of explaining how neurobiological processes cause conscious experiences."   Oh no! Richbee doesn't know an answer therefore...drum roll....  musbe god! (note: we can substitute the word "god" with "macknomonkey" and it would have the same, lack of meaning)  Moving from purely naturalistic, unconscious processes to the existence of consciousness appears to require a much greater leap than consciousness' deriving from an ultimate, conscious Being - God! Brilliant! It MUST require god! How about, time/matter/energy? Oh wait, that's not as fun is it?  Re: Moss Glenn Falls:  * the existence of non-utilitarian beauty, which seems to be better explained by theism than by metaphysical naturalism. We could more easily expect "useless" beauty if God exists than if he does not.    Pure genius. Your authorities do two things.  1. Display your lack of knowledge and understanding since you use other's words as a crutch, and ultimately an appeal to authority (fallacy) 2. Suffer from the same delusional rhetoric that you do.  -Mach
Water: why does water cover 75% of the earth? Water is a key building block of life. Our tears have the same salt level as the ocean!  Think of the three is one nature of H2O, ice, water, vapor.  When you approach Moss Glenn Falls, all your senses come alive! You hear the falls, the feel the rhthym of the water, you can taste and touch or feel the humidity in the air. (at least in summer) In Winter for some it is more glorious as an ice shell forms with the water running under) on the bed rock of ganite formed thousands of years ago.  And, isn't it amazing, with the innovation and creation of the internet, you have already seen with your eyes, yet oh so short of it's transcendent glory.   Look up the meaning of: transcendentalism!  Or did life require a world with that level of water and salt concentration? As for approaching Falls, all you are saying is that you will feel the things they cause. Nothing else. That is far more humbling than some arrogant beleif that some big brother created it
Indeed. Yet another problem that exists with a non-Biblical view of the universe is that of entropy. If some claim that the matter and energy in our universe has always existed, then they have a big problem. In short, the universe is "winding down". Our collegiate textbook, "Biology - the Unity and Diversity of Life" (Starr) states, and I'm paraphrasing, "(because of entropy) eventually, energy conversions will cease to occur, and the mean temperature of the universe will approach absolute zero." Now some say that the earth is an open system and, as such, entropy does not occur here. However, theoretically, the universe as a whole is a closed system. So if the matter and energy of the universe is infinitely old (existed in some form before the Big Bang), then total entropy would have already occurred by now in eons past. Therefore, the universe, and matter and energy, must have had a beginning.  We don't know if the universe is a closed system. Even if it is, that doesn't preclude a cyclical nature of Bang/Crunch/Bang or Hot/Cold/Hot. We just don't know yet.
lol.  Because richbee doesn't know everything, he therefore knows an unknowable god exists who created everything, including babies with terminal brain cancer who know nothing more than pain for their short, pitiful lives.  Answers, sure. But what's 2+2? god? Or 3? both answer the question, do you submit that god is an adequate answer? Of course not, the concept of god is irrational, and while you're beating a bible, other people, humans, strive to make the WORLD, not the unknowable ficticious afterlife, a better place.  sure, circular reasoning at it's best! Rhetoric, sophism, all your trademarks!  Oh no! Richbee doesn't know an answer therefore...drum roll....  musbe god! (note: we can substitute the word "god" with "macknomonkey" and it would have the same, lack of meaning)  Brilliant! It MUST require god! How about, time/matter/energy? Oh wait, that's not as fun is it?  Pure genius. Your authorities do two things.  1. Display your lack of knowledge and understanding since you use other's words as a crutch, and ultimately an appeal to authority (fallacy) 2. Suffer from the same delusional rhetoric that you do.  -Mach  Careful Mach, or we'll be having lunch together in the ignore room. :p  Waxy
Because it helps us imagine being somewhere peaceful - or if we are somewhere peaceful. The cool water is just a tactile thing that can remind us of it later on.  Wouldn't say waterfalls are calming though, impressive like many other examples of extreme force in nature, maybe. Not relaxing though
Look into negative ions and waterfalls.
O.K. thanks!  You have amazing FAITH!  There are over 41 elements required for Life, so how did just the right matter start "lying around" on just the right Earth with just the right Star or Sun, etc???  What if we were missing Oxygen or Carbon? Or, Iron? Or, zinc? Copper? (I'm trying to remember all the trace elements in the human body)  BTW, you forgot about my yeast molecule - an near record! Time + Matter + Chance?  You are skipping around. Someone already posted that life was made from what was "laying around". If there wasn't oxygen we obviously wouldn't breathe air to stay alive, there may have been a substitute. Since the other elements that may have existed instead don't exist, we can't describe them, but we could breathe carbon instead of oxygen, or something else not here today (and if it did, we'd say "What would we do without this element to breathe?" the answer is oxygen) or maybe we wouldn't need to breathe.
What is your point? He is saying that there is no fundamental meaning to life other than what you chose. His view is the complete opposite of what you beleive and that quote says so
You are adding things that aren't there SJG just says that the mutations that led to humans were random events. He says nothing about the origins of life.   'Whatever chemicals are lying around' is a bit too extreme but it wouldn't be wrong to say that if the right chemicals are lying around then life will certainly form. Its puddles and holes from your point of view.  You are open to more than microevolution if you believe that the right chemicals were placed by a creator - or do you beleive that animals appeared fully formed and that any resemblance to them arising from chemicals is purely coincidental?
from About.com  C.S. Lewis Clive Staples Lewis  Dates: Born: November 29, 1898 in Belfast, Ireland Died: November 22, 1963 in Oxford, England  Biography: C.S. Lewis was an author, a scholar of English literature and a famous Christian apologist. During the 1920s he was an Oxford don and chair of Mediaeval and Renaissance Literature. At this time he would later say that he was an atheist but began to move towards a committed, evangelical flavor of Anglicanism.  His fame as an author came on two fronts. One was his fictional works, the most popular of which is the Chronicles of Narnia collection of works for young people, seven books which incorporate Christian themes and doctrines allegorically. The second front of his fame as an author came with books which were more openly written in defense of traditional Christian doctrines. These include the popular The Screwtape Letters, a collection of letters of advice from a demon to his nephew, and the famous book, Mere Christianity which had begun as a series of radio talks in 1941  Because of his simple style and advocacy of traditional, orthodox beliefs in a manner which is easily accessible, Lewis' apologetical works have become standard reading for Christians in the United States. He doesn't talk down to his audience; instead, he treats them as equals and writes for them rather than for philosophers and theologians. One of the consequences, however, is that his arguments often have extensive flaws in their logic and reasoning. His writings may serve as a basic introduction to basic Christian doctrines, but anyone who relies extensively upon them will be ill served in any serious discussion about Christian theology or religious philosophy.   Endlessly quoting biased sources really has no utility in a debate.
Time to play this game by Richbee's rules:  I COULD tell you why the universe happened by chance, but let me show you what this website has to say instead:  The Argument from Probability   Before addressing the question of how the laws of physics can have come about in the absence of intelligent design, let me provide a response to the arguments from probability outlined above.   If we properly compute, according to statistical theory, the probability for the universe existing with the properties it has, the result is unity! The universe exists with one hundred percent probability (unless you are an idealist who believes everything exists only in your own mind). On the other hand, the probability for one of a random set of universes being our particular universe is a different question. And the probability that one of a random set of universes is a universe that supports some form of life is a third question. I submit it is this last question that is the important one and that we have no reason to be sure that this probability is small.   I have made some estimates of the probability that a chance distribution of physical constants can produce a universe with properties sufficient that some form of life would have likely had sufficient time to evolve. In this study, I randomly varied the constants of physics (I assume the same laws of physics as exist in our universe, since I know no other) over a range of ten orders of magnitude around their existing values. For each resulting "toy" universe, I computed various quantities such as the size of atoms and the lifetimes of stars. I found that almost all combinations of physical constants lead to universes, albeit strange ones, that would live long enough for some type of complexity to form (Stenger 1995: chapter 8). This is illustrated in figure 1.   (picture found on website)  Figure 1. Distribution of stellar lifetimes for 100 random universes in which four basic physics constants (the proton and electron masses and the strengths of the electromagnetic and strong forces) are varied by ten orders of magnitude around their existing values in our universe. Otherwise, the laws of physics are unchanged. Note that in well over half the universes, stars live at least a billion years. From Stenger 1995.   Every shuffle of a deck of cards leads to a 52-card sequence that has low a priori probability, but has unit probability once the cards are all on the table. Similarly, the "fine-tuning" of the constants of physics, said to be so unlikely, could very well have been random; we just happen to be in the universe that turned up in that particular deal of the cards.   Note that my thesis does not require more than one universe to exist, although some cosmological theories propose this. Even if ours is the only universe, and that universe happened by chance, we have no basis to conclude that a universe without some form of life was so unlikely as to have required a miracle.    http://atheism.about.com/gi/dynamic/offsite.htm?site=http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/cosmo.html
In light of our topic here, the book, "I Don't Have enough Faith to Be an Atheist" posting about C.S. Lewis is excellent, because he had, in the beginning only a small feeble faith in Christianity but his Faith grew.  His quote about Karl Marx is excellent.  Now, Anthony Flew has lost his "faith" in Atheism!  Atheism is illogical, irrational, incoherant and existentially self-destructive!  Trying to justify faith with reason only cheapens faith.
Trying to justify faith with reason only cheapens faith. "Those who invalidate reason ought seriously to consider whether they argue against reason with or without reason; if with reason, then they establish the principles that they are laboring to dethrone: but if they argue without reason (which, in order to be consistent with themselves they must do), they are out of reach of rational conviction, nor do they deserve a rational argument."--Ethan Allen, "Reason, the Only Oracle of Man"
"Those who invalidate reason ought seriously to consider whether they argue against reason with or without reason; if with reason, then they establish the principles that they are laboring to dethrone: but if they argue without reason (which, in order to be consistent with themselves they must do), they are out of reach of rational conviction, nor do they deserve a rational argument."--Ethan Allen, "Reason, the Only Oracle of Man"  gratia emoticon_xhoho
Atheism is illogical, irrational, incoherant...  Do I seem any of these to you? Why do you persist this way?
In light of our topic here, the book, "I Don't Have enough Faith to Be an Atheist" posting about C.S. Lewis is excellent, because he had, in the beginning only a small feeble faith in Christianity but his Faith grew.  His quote about Karl Marx is excellent.  Now, Anthony Flew has lost his "faith" in Atheism!  Atheism is illogical, irrational, incoherant and existentially self-destructive! Posts like these are asking for responses like this:  In light of our topic here, the book, "I Don't Have enough Faith to Be an Atheist" posting about C.S. Lewis is horrendous, because he had, in the beginning atleast a small feeble understanding in Biological Studies, but (unfortunately) his stupidity grew.  His quote about Karl Marx is nonsensical.  Now, Anthony Flew has lost his "understanding" of science!  Christianity is illogical, irrational, incoherant and existentially self-destructive!
Oh what Faith you have my Brother!  Oh what lack of understanding you have my Brother!  For those of you who haven't noticed, i've decided to try debating in Richbee's stlye...
The first hint of Anthony Flew's turn was a letter to the August-September issue of Britain's Philosophy Now magazine.  "It has become inordinately difficult even to begin to think about constructing a naturalistic theory of the evolution of that first reproducing organism," he wrote.  Of course, Richbee proved that an Atheist can't even get to the 41 elements of life, and best of all, to the first strand of DNA operating under Naturalistic assumptions (presumptions).  Ha!  emoticon_xbouncer The first hint of Anthony Flew's reducing intelligence was a letter to the August-September issue of Britain's Philosophy Now magazine.   "It has become inordinately difficult even to begin to think about constructing a naturalistic theory of the evolution of that first reproducing organism," he wrote.  Of course, science proved that an Atheist can get to the 41 elements of life, and best of all, to the first strand of DNA!  I should have progressed to supporting Naturalistic assuptions (read: facts) about the first life REPRODUCING organism, but I feel being merciful for creationists on occassion. Grinding creationists into the ground might be seen as unloving!  Ha!
There is nothing wrong with a good article as long as proper attribution is cited and hotlink is a nice feature.  One page is cool, but I agree that two - three pages is too much!  Now, you your case, I don't see how this helps you much, even if you were to make a trip to Las Vegas and play with dice!!! (Hehehehehe) what is wrong with an article is that the arguments presented are not yours. typically, in debate especially, only primary sources are used. i don't mind debating Behe, or the entire AiG website, but when you are on this thread posting, I expect to be debating YOU and YOU only. I don't care to try to refute and entire article.  Besides trying to make a point or change someone's idea, the spirit of debate is to excercise the brain, and to challenge the opponent into making rational and reasonable rebuttals. If all you do is cut and paste articles, you may think you are changing peoples minds, but frankly, i don't care for the articles, because it has not shown me what YOU can respond with. It only shows me that you are well read.  Debating is NOT about making people believe in what you believe. Leave that to the media spinners, the JW, and the wild protesters. Debating is NOT about being right or being wrong. Debating is simply a excercise of the mind. It's whether or not you can create an understandable argument.  I wish everyone here went through high-school and college debate. It's a real eye opener. One of the first things we learn is that it doesnt matter if you believe in it, you should still be able to debate it.  I think you are so caught up proving to everyone else you are right that you have forgotten the simple pleasures in creating a rational argument.  So please, don't cut and paste.  I encourage you to do some research. Don't look for others arguments that agree with your idea. Try to create those arguments yourself. If you believe in creation so much, go buy yourself a Biology book (i suggest Campbell and Reece's "Biology: Sixth Edition") and read through it looking for flaws. If you find any, you'll have the satisfaction that you had made that argument all by yourself, and I will have the encouragement to debate YOU, not a web-site.
What? The simple fact that people take interest in the God debate proves the existence of God? Oh, that's really logical! emoticon_rolleyes   By your logic, if people take interest in the life on Mars debate, it proves the existence of life on Mars.
 Hmmm. as a matter of fact, I personally do not recall ever wanting to discuss a subject WHEN to me , that subject matter did not exist. Debate this one , masterdebaters :)  I looked up your posting history and noticed your contributions to threads entitled:  Capital Punishment  What if a White Man had killed 6 Asians  24 year old teacher had sex with a 14 year old student  Does this, by your logic, make you a murdering, racist child molester simply because of your contributions?  Plus, what do you mean, "the subject matter did not exist"? The subjects are very real I assure you. You may not be seeing things that are really there because you see things that aren't really there.
I have read countless posts on here debating the " proof " of the existence or non-existence of God , along with the validity of Christianity. These type threads are replied to with excellent posts that are FULL of cut and pastes , attached links, and diverse opinions on the subject matter. But the way I see it, the PROOF of God and /or Christianity lies in the amount of hits on the subject....  Look at the total amount of views on ANY thread that mentions the existence or non-existence God, or the proof of the validity of Christianity. I really dont know why so many people would have the SLIGHTEST interest in veiwing a subject matter they deem non existent, or at least in their minds, questionable, IF they didnt feel there was some validity in it . Hmmm. as a matter of fact, I personally do not recall ever wanting to discuss a subject WHEN to me , that subject matter did not exist. Debate this one , masterdebaters :)  The fact that "christains" are trying to take over the government and regulate our personal lives, not to mention getting us into wars and alienating our allies arounfd the world, is reason enough for the debate. These issues do exist, and help explain the popularity of these debates.
Hi, Bill. I am referring to those that post here asserting there is no God or validity in Christianity . The threads you listed that I have replied to are real, and DO exist, I know that , so I reply to them. I generally do not post to threads that I feel have non - existent subject matter.   Greg, I understand the thrust of your OP. I'm only attempting to show you it's misguided.  Does Genesis need to be literal. IYO, is this a legitimate question or is it non-existent?  Is A question about Cain not a real question?  Teleological Argument-why it's rejected. Is it a "real thread" that requires a real reply?   And so on. For my part, these are real threads examining legitimate issues. I've read enough of your posts to know you profess an open mind; at least you claim to be questioning certain aspects of your faith. A thread like you've authored here only shows to me your mind is not only closed, it's cemented shut.
I have read countless posts on here debating the " proof " of the existence or non-existence of God , along with the validity of Christianity. These type threads are replied to with excellent posts that are FULL of cut and pastes , attached links, and diverse opinions on the subject matter. But the way I see it, the PROOF of God and /or Christianity lies in the amount of hits on the subject....  Look at the total amount of views on ANY thread that mentions the existence or non-existence God, or the proof of the validity of Christianity. I really dont know why so many people would have the SLIGHTEST interest in veiwing a subject matter they deem non existent, or at least in their minds, questionable, IF they didnt feel there was some validity in it . Hmmm. as a matter of fact, I personally do not recall ever wanting to discuss a subject WHEN to me , that subject matter did not exist. Debate this one , masterdebaters :)  I guess the reason there is so much debate about evolution is because its valid.  There is more than one side to a debate. That's what makes it a debate. One side says "God exists" and the other side says "God doesn't exist." You're saying the fact that there is even a debate means that a particular side must be right.   Just because an internet message board has a section to debate religion does not make religion valid.
I have read countless posts on here debating the " proof " of the existence or non-existence of God , along with the validity of Christianity. These type threads are replied to with excellent posts that are FULL of cut and pastes , attached links, and diverse opinions on the subject matter. But the way I see it, the PROOF of God and /or Christianity lies in the amount of hits on the subject....  Look at the total amount of views on ANY thread that mentions the existence or non-existence God, or the proof of the validity of Christianity. I really dont know why so many people would have the SLIGHTEST interest in veiwing a subject matter they deem non existent, or at least in their minds, questionable, IF they didnt feel there was some validity in it . Hmmm. as a matter of fact, I personally do not recall ever wanting to discuss a subject WHEN to me , that subject matter did not exist. Debate this one , masterdebaters :)  This post definately isn't up to your typical standards Greg.  That's some pretty poor logic.  Waxy
I think it stems from the fact that so many "believers" consider themselves "knowers" and need to be straightened out a little. Otherwise God knows what might happen to us atheists.
You talking to me? You talking to me? :p   Let...me...write....that....down. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xclown  In seriousness, no. I don't think your beliefs could ever threaten my freedom. Not so for all "Christians".  I have a question though. Do you think that someone who embraces the teachings of the Gospels but rejects the OT, the "Letters" and all other "books" in the Bible could still call themselves a "Christian"?
Well your right , Waxy   There is no real "logic" to my post, because if one thinks about the art of debating religion, the concept of logic goes out the window. A true believer has only the bible to support their beliefs, they cannot go to a lab or science room and prove their beliefs on a table , or use cobalt to date religous belief , so their belief is all based on unseen faith. I have only a high school education, therefore I do not have the vocabulary the master debators use on here, nor the artistic way of putting together sentences. So bear with me please , while I try to explain my post a little better....  Since you put me in the spotlight here, I will use you, with great respect to you of course , as my point of debate. You have went on record here stating many times , that you do not believe in a "god" the way we believers do. Now with that notion in mind, why do you and others hang out debating on a religous forum ?? In case you havent noticed , the posts against the notion of God and Christianity, greatly outnumber the posts of the believers . Is that not a interesting fact when you think about it ? I dont believe in a lot of things that I am exposed to in my walk though life here on earth, so I have NO interest in trying to prove those things wrong , THAT I feel have no validity . Clear as mud now , ?? :)  I think there's a few points to be made here -  1) This is a forum specifically for the purpose of discussing God and religion. Thousands, hundred's of thousands, maybe even billions of people who don't believe in God haven't bothered to seek it out, they have no interest, it attracts those that do have an interest in learning how and why others think and do as they do.  2) Discussing something, no matter what the reason or how much it is discussed, does not lend any validity to what is being discussed. There is an infinite number of examples I could give to illustrate that point. Take in a sci-fi convention some time as a prime example.  3) I don't see so much the discussion of "is there a God/isn't there a God", as I do the discussion of religion and the Bible. That is a very important distinction. Religion is very real, and affects all of us, whether we are believers in it or not. Whether or not Bigfoot exists, or the Klingons are invading someone, has no bearing whatsoever on my life or reality, religion does. I think that is the reason you see such fervent discussion and rejection of Christianity on forums like this. Why the large outcry? Those in the minority always tend to be more vocal, they have to be, or they'd simply be overwhelmed by the "silent" majority.  Waxy  P.S. Don't sell yourself short, you more than hold your own on these forums.
Good read Waxy,  Note 3 stands out to me in such a way that lends "some" creedence to my original post. The "silent" majority is speaking loudly to what means ? To stifle the religous sector in our society , to where it will come to the point of them proving their beliefs or shut up ? Or , is the silent majority being stirred from the insides of their very soul , to ask questions about their existence , knowing that their belief in the Big Bang theory , just cannot be ALL there is to human life ?  Christians are the silent majority Greg, by a long shot, in both the USA and Canada.  The majority will naturally overrun the minority, even if it is not done consciously or maliciously, that's just the nature of the beast.  IMHO, that's why those that are not Christian tend to be vocal, it's out of necessity in large part. The majority, Christians, don't need to be outspoken, things will "automatically" happen as they prefer them to happen, they're the majority, that's how the maching works.   Many of those who are not Christian believe the current trend toward more fundamentalist Christianity is stifling their freedoms, myself included to some extent. I don't see many Christians having their beliefs or ideals stifled, unless you count the odd cross or monument being removed from public buildings. Christians are still firmly in control of most aspects of our gov't and our culture.  I don't think the minority, non-Chrisitians, are stirred into participation on this board because they question their beliefs and conclusions, be it about the Big Bang or otherwise, I think they come here to both learn about others beliefs as well as challenge them based on their understanding of the matter.  In short, IMHO, the point you're trying to make pretty much amounts to wishful thinking and placing a spiritual emphasis where none exists, and, if I dare, I'd say that's in large part due to your bias toward understanding and relating to the world in that context.  Waxy
Good point , Dzeron   But my point was, the interest in religion proves that their is something to it. If a person KNOWS and feels in their heart that their is no life on mars, what are they saying when they keep questioning the venture ? When posters on here belay post after post stating they KNOW there is NO God, then what is their motivation for debating the subject ? IF in their hearts they KNOW their is no God, what is the point in discussing it ????? Unless, maybe they are not totally convinced maybe ?????  :)  Maybe because they want to get their opponents to defect to their side. If we non-Christians can prove our case, we can break the power of the religious authoritarians that are stripping away our freedoms.
Maybe because they want to get their opponents to defect to their side. If we non-Christians can prove our case, we can break the power of the religious authoritarians that are stripping away our freedoms.  No no! It's the athiests that want to take away all our freedoms! They want to take away the freedom to force kids into prayer at school. They want to take away the freedom to make laws that force everyone to follow Christian doctrine. They want to take away the freedom to dress up courthouses to make it look like they only follow Judeo-Christian laws. They want to take away the freedom for their taxdollars to go to churches. The list goes on and on! ;)  emoticon_frazzled
No no! It's the athiests that want to take away all our freedoms! They want to take away the freedom to force kids into prayer at school. They want to take away the freedom to make laws that force everyone to follow Christian doctrine. They want to take away the freedom to dress up courthouses to make it look like they only follow Judeo-Christian laws. They want to take away the freedom for their taxdollars to go to churches. The list goes on and on! ;)  emoticon_frazzled  They want to make their own religion look bad.
Good point , Dzeron   But my point was, the interest in religion proves that their is something to it. If a person KNOWS and feels in their heart that their is no life on mars, what are they saying when they keep questioning the venture ? When posters on here belay post after post stating they KNOW there is NO God, then what is their motivation for debating the subject ? IF in their hearts they KNOW their is no God, what is the point in discussing it ????? Unless, maybe they are not totally convinced maybe ????? :) greg, you have to remember that both atheists and christians debate the question of God's existence. if an atheist in the debate means that maybe they are not totally convinced, then why are the theists also in the debate?  just looking at the number of threads, posts and views on a particular topic (the superficial stats) tells you absolutely nothing about the content of the discussion. it may tell you that the topic is popular, but thats nothing on which to build any conclusions about the topic itself
If you told me you caught a 5lb. trout in your swimming pool yesterday and it was delicious I might look long and hard into your pool for a long time. That doesn't mean I really expect to see fish.
To look long and hard for a long time sounds like fun to me. emoticon_xangel  Please consult your doctor if it persists for more than 4 hours.
It is undeniable that many intelligent people believe in God. I will always be prepared to discuss God precisely because of this: Because I find it inconsistent but accept that I don't "know" everything.
No way! I'm callin' ALL my girlfriends!  ..to tell 'em ,"The trout is out!" Oy veh! The imagery! emoticon_cry
  #2 Humans evolved from primates  Humans ARE primates.
Pull in your claws there now, pnac, :) My reference was to the theory of evolution vs. creation . The apes came first the evolutionists say, then they stood up right and became hairless humans, hmmm, lets see now, IF we came from apes, then why are there still apes around ? Then, again there was that egg thing, which came first the chicken, or the egg ? Wait a minute, if the egg came first what laid it ?? Just kiddin, please dont start a E vs. C debate here, cheers to ya :) :)  Evolution does not say we came from modern apes. It says that both apes and humans came from a common ancestor.
Pull in your claws there now, pnac, :) My reference was to the theory of evolution vs. creation . The apes came first the evolutionists say, then they stood up right and became hairless humans, hmmm, lets see now, IF we came from apes, then why are there still apes around ? Then, again there was that egg thing, which came first the chicken, or the egg ? Wait a minute, if the egg came first what laid it ?? Just kiddin, please dont start a E vs. C debate here, cheers to ya :) :)  #1 humans are hairy, not hairless. #2 If you ask the question about why are there apes around, you don't yet basic biology. Not an insult, it's just, from an educated perspective, just an indication that you don't yet know what you're talking about. That can be changed though, you don't need to be saved, or get some water splashed on you...just need to read a little :) knowledge is free, and you can be correct any time you choose.  The tree of life is a branched system as a result of mutation and the environment. I'm not sure how you can understand anything you look at in life without understanding the fundamentals of how life evolves.  -Mach
Interesting point Sinjin,  I said I was "end of topic" on this one, but since it is being infiltrated with wit and humor now, I'll join back in, I like fun too. :)   If I told a person I caught a 5# trout in my pool, I would think that the person I was telling that to, would first have a number of questions come to their mind that they would need to rationalize to themselves, BEFORE they would trouble themselves in walking over to my pool. Logically one would first ask themselves these questions,  #1 Does Greg even have a pool ?  #2 Is Greg really credible ?  #3 Does Greg even fish ?  #4 One would then recognize a given and known truth, that being, that trout do not breed , live , or prosper in chlorinated water.  So, one would instantly be certain that Greg must have put the fish in the pool himself, therefore the truth in #4 would cancel all the validity on the subject matter , THEREFORE making any curosity about going to Greg's pool and looking in it, a foolish and moot point....   They may not look long and hard at the pool but they may look long and hard at you :)  But really, it would be more like if you wrote a book documenting trout living in a pool and then generations later the majority accepted your book as truth and we didn't know any of the first 3. Obviously there are bigger miracles in the bible than a fish being found in a pool. So then they decide to pass laws saying we must worship greg and that we must all put pools with a stone trout in it in front of government buildings and schoolchildren must always say the pledge to save the holy trout, etc. Of course if you were forced to hear about the greatness of trout that they were found in a pool you would argue that it wasn't possible and that's what atheists are doing. They are also trying to learn from theists on why they believe what they do. This isn't just about winning a debate or proving your point. It's about learning the other points of view on a particular subject. None of my family is very religious (my mom believes in god but doesn't go to church or anything) and even with religious friends we never talk about religion. So it's a chance to share your point of view and hear others as well. I could hear why they believed this greg guy found a trout in his pool. :)
 What is it that happens to the person after they have received the "spirit" of the proclaimed Christian diety "Jesus " ???    You seem to be describing what is commonly referred to as a "born-again experience" in Christian parlance.   I was a young man in my early twenties, brought up in the Lutheran tradition, but never very religious, when I came into contact with men my same age who were of Evangelical and Baptist faiths. Their openness and zeal in discussing religious issues dumbfounded me, coming as I did from my stoical upbringing. It was in truth very refreshing and I began attending some of their services and playing music at evening church get-togethers.  One day one of my new-found friends asked me if I had invited Jesus into my life as he had done. He showed me some corresponding biblical verses, since forgotten, and explained how one needed to ask for forgiveness first, and then ask Jesus to come into your life.  I sat on the information for a few days pondering the implications, then almost on a lark, while at work and by myself, I followed the directions carefully.  I'll never forget the feeling that came over me, and exactly where I was and what I was doing. It was an actual physical experience, a flood washing over me. Christianity became a passion from then on. I knew, as I often said, that Jesus was real and no one could convince me--even with threat of death--otherwise.   But the passion that existed in me was the same force that eventually led to my non-belief. I was simply driven to know as much as possible about Christianity and the Bible. Sorely lacking a solid education, I began to read history as well, so that a proper perspective of man's journey to God could be more fully understood.   But when a historical fact didn't square with Biblical truth, a thorn would XXXXX my mind. Despite learning many of the modern apologetics, the festering continued. I won't bore you with the years of searching, wandering, and brain-racking that ensued. Well into my late forties, I threw it all away, only to snatch it back time and again in sheer fright and panic, and then finally to peacefully bury it.   So what was this physical experience I had? How could I have been so wrong, when I was so absolutely sure? I believe it is a universal experience which can be described as a "Eureka moment". Buddha, you recall, had one under the tree, a similar "aha!" that wasn't about Jesus or Christianity. Science is replete with examples. These rare moments, IMO, are when thoughts you have spent considerable time pondering and weighing crystalize in your mind in one brief second, when you innately sense a great truth has been realized.   I frequent these boards to test my hypothesis about religion. I've come to realize we never possess the ultimate truth. I don't want to be wrong about this issue, and so it continues to be a passion of mine. So far, Christians have not put forward any convincing arguments, but I continue to be all ears. It gladdens me to see your mind perhaps isn't as cemented as I was led to believe.
When asked why a theist believes in God, he/she might answer by referring to the Judeo-Christian bible. This is not a logical reason for belief.  Questioned further, a theist will describe a feeling, an inexplicable "knowing". Also not logical, or scientifically measurable, but impossible to deny with certainty.  When an atheist is asked why they refuse to accept the possibility of a God, he/she will usually give (excellent) arguments against the theist's biblical "proofs". These arguments are logic-based, but the very immeasurability of the phenomenon itself makes it (in my mind) impossible to refute with certainty.  Agnosticism defines my position, but I certainly don't believe that a God exists, any more than I believe, for example, that all left-handed people are actually space aliens.   In my opinion, nobody has any surefire way of knowing whether or not there is a God. At least theists have the "feeling" thing. (although people of all religions get variations of this feeling, as do cult members, and many psychotics)  So we have, in order of humility:  Agnosticism: Don't know, can't know. But I have my opinion. Note: Many religious people and humanists alike fit into this category.   Theism: Probably can't know, but doesn't realize it. My "heart/soul/essence/whatever" tells me it is truth. Note: Often impossible to reason with. No scientifically measurable way to prove position.  Atheism: Can't know, but thinks and says otherwise. Note: Usually angry. No scientifically measurable way to prove position.
If you are with the Space alien people, then you're atheist - if you actually think that there is a meaningful, reasonable chance that God might exist but are not sure you are agnostic.  Can you define meaningful in a universal context? Of course you can't. It's very obviously an entirely subjective idea.  I suppose it can be said, by your definition, that I am effectively an atheist.   Since I can't see any clear line between theism and the purple duck theory and a magical super-being creating the Universe a few thousand years ago, I'll use your scale. Have you one? So far, it seems arbitrary, unless you judge the possibility of such theories holding water by employing democracy (unwise, I think).  You have done a marvelous job knocking down strawmen of your own construction. Having offered a naive and superficial caricature of atheism, agnosticism, and theism, you then imagine a self-serving hierarchy that is, in a word, worthless - all in a silly effort to show yourself most humble. Ironic.   www.dictionary.com
What sophistry - perhaps we should drop the university philosophy courses and simply pass out pocket dictionaries. emoticon_rolleyes Oh well, see for example The Atheism Web.   In fact, epistemology is not the same as ontology, and agnosticism and atheism address different domains.  The source you offer in many ways confirm my definitions, as do countless others. Did I simplify? Certainly. My intent was not to present three comprehensive treatises on these concepts, but rather to make a basic comparative statement about them.  Epistemology is not the same as ontology, correct. The philosophical study of knowledge and its origins, and the accounting of everything that exists, respectively. Agnosticism and atheism obviously address the same domain. (if they can be said to "address domains" at all). Atheism concerns the existence of God, as does agnosticism, in very nearly all practical instances (not always, but I can tell by your statements you're no fan of overly-pedantic scrutiny)   Citing the basic literal definition of words to argue a position concerning the definition of words is almost the exact opposite of sophistry.  Look it up. ;)
Belief and knowledge are not the same thing.   Again you've made a correct statement: "Belief and knowledege are not the same thing" Along with your recognition that "epistemology is not the same as ontology", you have proven yourself to be an erudite debater of matters philosophical. To save you the effort, I'll note right now that arrogance is not the same as ostentatiousness. emoticon_xbouncer   There are, in fact, fully agnostic theists (fideism, daoism, many forms of deism, and some forms of buddhism) whose theism is grounded in faith alone. Conversely, it is perfectly consistent for an atheist, grounding her stance in the pervasive successes of methodological naturalism, to acknowledge the inherent unknowability of any purported supernatural realm.  I also noted that there is overlap between the three concepts, but admittedly, in not nearly as tedious, nor redundant a manner.  So, for example ...  A thoroughly agnostic atheism is not only coherent but, I would argue, thoroughly sound.  Thorough? I'm sorry, isn't that far too subjective a word to be useful in this instance? Thoroughly agnostic?   Bill: I just don't know why it is we're here on this planet, or whether there's a God up there...  Ted: Me neither, but even more so.  Perhaps you will post your source for this "basic literal definition" of 'theism'.  My quote "basic literal definitions" was in defence of referring you to a dictionary, not to my original post. Please read through the thread again, in order. (Like me, you probably debate in multiple forums, and sometimes forget who said what)  I suggest that it's little more than petty ad hominem.  I can hardly imagine more ironic, self-defining instances of petty ad hominem attacks than the two above quotes. (except maybe this one: What sophistry - perhaps we should drop the university philosophy courses and simply pass out pocket dictionaries. emoticon_rolleyes  Oh wait, and this one: Having offered a naive and superficial caricature of atheism, agnosticism, and theism, you then imagine a self-serving hierarchy that is, in a word, worthless - all in a silly effort to show yourself most humble. Ironic. )  You roll your eyes via a comical graphic, refer to my statements/ideas as "worthless" and "silly", then acuse me of "petty ad hominem" To be honest, I'm thinking you must have a self-deprecating punchline coming up...  So ahead, hit me...  "Everyone's agnostic, some people just don't know it" - Derek Kaill, 2002  P.S: Please note, any perceived irony in the preceding post was likely intentional.
theism (in philosophy) - a doctrine that the final ground of everything is one supreme reality--the same as monotheism but differing from atheism, agnosticism, materialism and deism  agnosticism- a doctrine which holds that man can not have any real knowledge but can only know impressions. the belief that God is unknown or unknowable, distinguished from atheism.  atheism - the denial or disbelief in the existence of God. Godlessness in life and conduct.  Text book definitions. Atheism has no doctrine, there is no actual school of thought that atheists adhere to--it appears that atheism is not anything like agnosticism by definition. Atheism has nothing to do with religion and must be that no two atheists are alike, there is no teaching of atheism, no ethics, no organized fellowship or order.   Atheists validate their beliefs (or nonbeliefs) by criticizing and tearing down religious concepts. They are closest to nihilists of any indoctrinated people. It seems that atheism is nothing.   OF course, that is hardly true at all. While the basic principle (the disbelief in any god/gods) is true, that hardly means that atheism is nothing. Each individual atheist can subscribe (and often do subcribe) to a large host of other philosphies, and many, in my observation, are more caring individuals than many self professed and self promoting Christians.
I did not say that atheists were not caring people. I was just trying to show that atheists are not followers of any particular school of thought, there are no tenets that are taught, no brotherhood of atheists. Well, there seems to be a fair amount of atheists gathering on the internet forums. Don't you suppose that theists and agnostics might buy into other philosophies as well? Atheists are as self promoting and definitely as self professed as a theist, they are quite proud of their nonbelief in God.   But I didn't say they were not caring people, they are human beings the same as any other person.  Why the double edge sword?  If a theist makes any kind of digging reference to an atheist, such as "atheism is nothing", which was not a personal attack toward anyone, the atheists are quick to cut the theist down to size about their pious, sitting on a pedestal personna the atheists hold to be true of all theists. Atheists constantly mock, belittle, and ridicule theists and their God as if that validates their nonbelief and is perfectable acceptable to be vile towards other people.   You used the term 'nilhist'. That is specifically giving a trait to all atheist, and to the concept of atheism that is inappropriate.
 When an atheist is asked why they refuse to accept the possibility of a God, he/she will usually give (excellent) arguments against the theist's biblical "proofs". These arguments are logic-based, but the very immeasurability of the phenomenon itself makes it (in my mind) impossible to refute with certainty.  Why bother with sophistry when you have living, breathing, non-theists here to educate you? I accept your challenge, if you were serious. Let's use reason/logic to debate your position, agnostic (you) vs atheist (me). Consider it a discussion, not a debate, for if you're really comitted to reason/logic, we'll agree in the end.  -Mach
theism (in philosophy) - a doctrine that the final ground of everything is one supreme reality--the same as monotheism but differing from atheism, agnosticism, materialism and deism  agnosticism- a doctrine which holds that man can not have any real knowledge but can only know impressions. the belief that God is unknown or unknowable, distinguished from atheism.  atheism - the denial or disbelief in the existence of God. Godlessness in life and conduct.  Text book definitions. Atheism has no doctrine, there is no actual school of thought that atheists adhere to--it appears that atheism is not anything like agnosticism by definition. Atheism has nothing to do with religion and must be that no two atheists are alike, there is no teaching of atheism, no ethics, no organized fellowship or order.   Atheists validate their beliefs (or nonbeliefs) by criticizing and tearing down religious concepts. They are closest to nihilists of any indoctrinated people. It seems that atheism is nothing.  You're adding in negatives when you can't possibly mean to.  The reality is that the default is atheism. You are born an atheist, an ignorant, atheist. One has to receive information about religious mythology in order to start forming a belief about it.   You are stating what certain humans ARE NOT, that is, NOT RELIGIOUS, but you aren't stating what they ARE. A simple mistake.  An analogy shows the flaw in a more easily digestable framework:  Define: a-nazi: (not a nazi)  Bob, an internationally renowed neuro-surgeon, former astronaut, and current senator in the U.S. government, an avid fan of early Aristotle, Socrates, and Plato, is an "a-nazi". Bob is nothing, he validates his beliefs by tearing down nazis, what a silly man for being an "a-nazi". He has no beliefs, he has to ridicule others. Har har.  Now, I'm sure you'll agree with me that this is not your intent, and therefore your claims were a little off-track. That's OK, I take no offense, I'm here to help. And if you deny reality, and believe in fairy tales as a grown adult, yes, you may be open to ridicule, whether it's about religion, being psychic, seeing a ghost, or having a perpetual motion machine. What's in common with all these things? They are foolish to believe in. The alternative is what...supporting the notion that indeed there IS a real easter bunny? People are dying, we don't have time to waste talking about made up, mythological nonsense, religion is just one of MANY ficticious things, why single out religion as the ONLY unsupported, irrational system of beliefs? And if you think telling people the truth, indeed, trying to educate them out of compassion, is "vile", then I disagree with that as well.  Atheists in general, have a choice.  1. Try to educate people about their localized insanity, to help them. 2. Ignore ignorant people.  You suggest #2, yet that's contrary to some people's ethical beliefs, that helping our fellow humans is a good thing.  -Mach
Yes... the 6,000 year old debate... here we go again :)   Atheism is the most logical default position one could take. The lack of belief or knowledge is most usually the first position taken by one on a subject before they are to aquire knowledge or investigate the matter.  So how does the theist move from this default position to his position of belief?  How have you, presuming you to be a theist, come to the conclusion that God exists?  1. Please first define what you mean by God so we avoid any bad assumptions or confusion.  2. Please exclude all evidence and reason relating to the word "feeling". Ex. "I feel there is a God deep within my heart" - Feelings are personal to the individual and cannot be used as evidence within a conversation unless I (the atheist) have the same feeling; which I assure you, I do not.
Hello....?
1. This has been done to death. As soon as I saw the post, I figured you weren't likely to get any new responses.  Yes but it seems many discussions eventually leas to some type of feeling or claims of personal experiences which cannot be used very effectivley in a debate or logical argument.  2. The question completely handicaps people's ability to respond  Requiring reason and logic instead of personal feelings handicaps peoples ability to respond completely? I would hope not...  Do a search of this forum, you should be able to find plenty of threads on the subject.  There arent very recent discussions on this subject so I made a new thread for it. The risk of posting to an older thread is that some of the main members or responders in that thread may no longer use the site or pay attention to this particular forum.  And also I wanted to set limits on the type of response, by beginning a new discussion.  - - -    Surely there is some theist out there willing to defend his claim in the field of reason?
Due to the current lack of success you seem to be having with your thread and the reasons for why seeming to be logical to this reader, could i instead ask why you think that atheism is the default starting point in the debate. Surely agnosticism would be the starting point for someone who does not know whether there is a god or not. Atheism claims that there is no god. This requires explanation as well.
I happily bow to your greater experience. :)
Due to the current lack of success you seem to be having with your thread and the reasons for why seeming to be logical to this reader, could i instead ask why you think that atheism is the default starting point in the debate. Surely agnosticism would be the starting point for someone who does not know whether there is a god or not. Atheism claims that there is no god. This requires explanation as well.  I do not want to sidetrack. So while not debating the technical defintion of atheism and agnosticism; I will say that when I say atheism I MEAN the absence of belief in God. (This would include agnostics) Not a position one way or the other.  Is this an atheist message board? (Seems like it)
Is this an atheist message board? (Seems like it)  You create a thread and you take your chances. If the subject is deemed interesting, people will respond.
Due to the current lack of success you seem to be having with your thread and the reasons for why seeming to be logical to this reader, could i instead ask why you think that atheism is the default starting point in the debate. Surely agnosticism would be the starting point for someone who does not know whether there is a god or not. Atheism claims that there is no god. This requires explanation as well.  Atheism is default because before someone gave you your mythology you had no concept of a creator. You might have made one up for yourself ultimately if no one had splained things to you but not necessarily.
As for the default stance atheism (in Faithless' definition as a lack of belief in god, not necessarily disbelief [what I would call agnosticism, but that's beside the point]) makes sense yes.    Then let me re-state my question: How do you go from atheism or agnosticism to theism? Why do you believe in God? (Rules of response in the first post apply still)  At some point everyone has to have faith in something...So faith is another good answer  Untrue, but I dont want to get off topic. If you'd like to discuss this we could make a separate thread for it.
You are not the type of theist I am interested in talking to.
At some point everyone has to have faith in something...So faith is another good answer  How about we have faith in ourselves?
 coming to the conclusion that God exist was as easy as all the othr beliefs that i adopted. i was taught so, and i ws taught to look around at the world and find the evidence that God exist, such as order, intelligent design and unexpected good fortune. even chaos and bad fortune helped strengthen my case that God exists, since these things are of the devil.  Surely if order/design = God and chaos = Devil and good fortune = God and bad fortune = Devil there wasn't much chance of you not finding evidence for Christian beliefs in the world...
Surely if order/design = God and chaos = Devil and good fortune = God and bad fortune = Devil there wasn't much chance of you not finding evidence for Christian beliefs in the world...   I find plenty of evidence of CHristian beliefs. I just don't find any evidence that the Christian beliefs are true.
Master_Shake,  Well excuuuuuuuuuuuse me. You are obviously not simply inquiring into the way people think then, so instead of asking generally what people think, why don't you tell us exactly who you are looking for so they can present themselves.  Are you kidding me? Did you not read the first post?  As I made clear in the first post I'm looking for theists who believe in God for logical reasons and would be willing to debate them. (Or reasons not involving faith, feelings, or personal experiences)  Unkerpaulie,  1. God is defined as a supernatural invisible being that my parents and the bible taught me about. all the things that my parents said he did, and what the bible said he did, are the things he did, and he deserves the credit for ultimately everything that ever was done since the beginning of the world.  All right.    such as order, intelligent design and unexpected good fortune. even chaos and bad fortune helped strengthen my case that God exists, since these things are of the devil.  Pick one and use that as your argument and please expand a little.  Waxy,  that's a great way to get more people to respond to your post.  I'm not interested in posts that disregard what I am looking for.
Then you are clearly looking for a rare species, one that usually believes because of the problems of origin and not because of anything a religious text says.    If the theist would like to bring in the "problem of origin", I will accept that as a "reasonable" argument and we can go from there.  But the theist must set the premise.
Waxy,  Why insist on baiting a trap?  Why not openly present your argument and see if anyone wishes to counter?  You might find that more effective than lying in the weeds  Because as Ive said before: the lack of belief is the default position. So I would like to see the argument that convinces the theist there is a God.   Once that argument is presented and somewhat explained we can go from there.   I am calling into question all theists who claim to have logic and reason on their side in their belief.  I am asking them to first define their God. And second to state why they believe in him without relating to (as ive said before): feelings, faith, or personal experiences because these cannot be used well in a logical debate.
Faithless may be looking for someone who just does not exist.  I am looking for a theist who can define their God and then tell me why they believe in him.  I would prefer that the reasons for belief are limited to logical arguments such as design arguments, origin of life arguments, etc...  Is this possible?
I think I understand what you're asking. The only problem is that, there is no logical explanation or evidence that really supports the Bible or God. When people start to talk about God and all the evidence surrounding him, everything sort of gets foggy and you don't really understand what they're talking about and right at the end they give defined, yet questionable point.  An argument I might come up with, as I believe I can argue a theist position, would be, "If there is no God and the Bible is false, how do you explain the universe's origin? How can you explain logically, with evidence, that there is no chance the universe was created by an all-powerful being?  "And when I say God, I am referring to the Christian one; He (or well, It) is omnipotent, omniscient and omnipresent, Christ is his son who died for our sins. I believe in God because the Big Bang Theory doesn't completely hold up under scrutiny and it leaves no explanation for the origin of what we call life. Despite what science has come up with, the explanation the bible gives is still more "perfect", as I believe it is impossible to disprove."  And that is a theist argument which I've come up with. Destroy it if you can. Bwahahahaaa... :)
I've heard much about Occam's Razor, but it's never been satisfactorily explained. Please, enlighten me. (if the last post was explaing Occam's Razor, I will feel very stupid)
I've heard much about Occam's Razor, but it's never been satisfactorily explained. Please, enlighten me. (if the last post was explaing Occam's Razor, I will feel very stupid)  This is one of the best explanations I've found...  Here
I think you're starting from a false premise: that human minds emerged as some kind of blank slate, on which people later inscribed belief in god for some 'logical' reason.  More likely, in my view, is that when modern human brains emerged they incorporated a strong tendency to 'believe' as part of their operating system: specifically, to believe that effects have causes, for it was the construction of cause-and-effect chains that enabled early human technology. Once you have a hard-wired predisposition to seek causes for effects, it is a small step to invoke supernatural causes for effects whose physical cause you cannot see. To project anthropomorphic form and motivation on these invisible causes is hardly surprising either.  Our need to see a cause for anything that happens is still very strong. It's what makes some of the findings of, say, quantum physics so counter-intuitive. It's what drives conspiracy theorists. And it's what makes an uncaused origin of life and the universe very hard for religious people to swallow.  Nicely put and approximates my own reasoning. I like to think of a group huddled around some prehistoric campfire with beasts lurking. Tall tales sound reasonable in such a setting.
Master_Shake,  It sounds to me like you are just trying to bait very specific arguments that you feel you already know how to shoot down and give yourslef an ego boost. That's a poor use of discussion if you ask me.  Its called a debate. Yes I have come to the table prepared. I am familiar with theist arguments and I would like to debate them.  Johnhanks,  I think you're starting from a false premise: that human minds emerged as some kind of blank slate, on which people later inscribed belief in god for some 'logical' reason.  More likely, in my view, is that when modern human brains emerged they incorporated a strong tendency to 'believe' as part of their operating system: specifically, to believe that effects have causes, for it was the construction of cause-and-effect chains that enabled early human technology. Once you have a hard-wired predisposition to seek causes for effects, it is a small step to invoke supernatural causes for effects whose physical cause you cannot see. To project anthropomorphic form and motivation on these invisible causes is hardly surprising either.  Our need to see a cause for anything that happens is still very strong. It's what makes some of the findings of, say, quantum physics so counter-intuitive. It's what drives conspiracy theorists. And it's what makes an uncaused origin of life and the universe very hard for religious people to swallow.  No, I do not believe the human mind to be a clean slate. But most belief from God arises from indoctrination by parents and society on the commonly accepted belief of God.  But in a logical procedure to arrive at a conclusion about the existance of such a diety one would start at the agnostic / atheist position.   unkerpaulie,  order and intelligent design go hand in hand, but order is probably on a much wider scale. the balance and consistency of the universe, the excellent meshing of environment and life, the stability of the planet and all its systems, these are all examples of order.    Order does not constitute design.   intellegent design pertains to attention to detail, like the filtering function of the kidneys to remove toxins from the circulatory system, or the marvels of the brain. even the peculiar tactics of sother species that allow them to thrive. those are examples of intellegent design  The natural adaptation and functions within life forms are not examples of design, but rather order. And order does not require a designer.  Order is only the natural course of events and the natural course of events do not lead to the inference of a design.  A kidney has a function and it completes it. This did not happen over night or in a day. It took millions upon millions of years for such a complex system of life to develop.  unexpected good fortune include escaping a would-be fatal accident intact, or recieving a gift of something you needed from an unlikely source at time when you could not obtain it yourself.  What does that show?  combined, and with the right perspective, all these make a compelling case for God's existence  What do you mean the "right perspective"? Or did you mean the right bias and presuppositions?    - - -   Are we starting to get somewhere here or have I been hit with a false hope?
unkerpaulie,  yes, presuppositions and biases are key. remember, before i even began to assess my surroundings as evidence of God's existence, i had already been taught by my parents that God exists, and that the evidence is all around me. it doesnt take long to catch on once this is established. pretty soon i can immediately discern what things are good, and come from God, what things are not good, and come from the devil. because both good and bad exists, this is evidence that both God and the devil exists. and because both are in abundance around us, the evidence is inescapable  I hope your kidding... If you are... stop wasting my time.  But assuming your not:  If you have already made the presupposition that there is a God to be found then of course all surrouding natural "evidence" would be evident of his existance.  Because most "good" and "bad" in Christianity and other theistic religions is designated as God's will you are using circular reasoning. Good and bad presuppose the existance of a God to designate such good and bad. Thus such "obvious" good and bad no matter in how much "abundance" it is, does not qualify as evidence.  Epaphras_faith,  I would not debate this one as I don't accept your premise that atheism is the most logical or the default. You make an assertion and do not back it up with any evidence. This is the fallacy of the begged question. You assume that lack of belief is the most logical and you assume that it is the default.  A lack of belief is the default. How could it logically not be?  You claim x. I do not know. I am unknowing on the subject before I have investigated the matter. The same is applied to God.  You claim God. I do not know. I am unknowing on the subject before I have investigated the matter.  I would say much more logical is the searcher.  Searcher = Agnostic Agnostic = Atheist  (Please see definition in prior post of what I mean by atheist)  An atheist simply lacks theistic belief. All agnostics therefore are atheists... but not in the typical sense.   It takes as much faith to believe that there is no god as to believe that there is.  Untrue. Faith is belief not resting on logic or material evidence. (See dictionary) The lack of belief in God is not faith.  In the case of denying a god's existance. It would depend on which God you are referring to. In my own case: I deny the existance of God but that is not based on faith. I have reasons that I deny the possibility of the existance of the modern Christian God. But those reasons are not for this thread.   Therefore, your assumptions have no grounds. Therefore, your faith is in those assumptions, therefore, you really do have a god you just don't call it god.  What?  What assumptions have no grounds? I do not believe in God. If you are speaking of God in the sense of highest value, yes I do have a highest value but to speak of it as God would be a wide unnecessary stretch of the word.  How does this relate to the topic?
unkerpaulie,  you say that good and bad support the existence of God, therefore good and bad cannot be used as evidence for the existence of God? you lost me...  Yes, apparently I did...  I said:  If you have already made the presupposition that there is a God to be found then of course all surrouding natural "evidence" would be evident of his existance.  Because most "good" and "bad" in Christianity and other theistic religions is designated as God's will you are using circular reasoning. Good and bad presuppose the existance of a God to designate such good and bad. Thus such "obvious" good and bad no matter in how much "abundance" it is, does not qualify as evidence.  Meaning:  You cannot use your version of "good" and "evil" as evidence to support the existance of God. Because good and evil are defined by God himself. To use this argument is to make the presupposition that God exists and that is called circular reasoning.  Which part did you not understand?    the lack of distinction between agnostic and atheist makes the term redundant and therefore useless. why bother  This has become irrelevant to the conversation. The point is that whether you think agnosticism or atheism is the default it is clear that theism or belief is not the default.  So how does one arrive at theism?  That is the point of this thread, not to debate a meaningless technical defintion.
So how does one arrive at theism?   Implantation I would think.
unkerpaulie,  well, i think you answered your own question. theism is adopted through the use of circular reasoning that actually makes sense if you dont take the time to really trace the logic of it.  Either you are making fun of theism...  Or your serious...  Either which in this case is a waste of my time.
theism is adopted through the use of circular reasoning   Are you serious? Do you understand what circular reasoning is?  Let me give you an example:  I ask you to prove that God exists... You use circular reasoning and claim that:  A. The Bible is true and God exists because the Bible says so B. God exists and so the Bible must be true  You CANNOT use circular reasoning to prove a point. Its irrelevant and illogical.   actually makes sense if you dont take the time to really trace the logic of it.  Logic is exactly what I've been trying to discuss.  There is no side-stepping reason for the sake of a point.
The issue with theists, though, is that if you back them into a corner they will say that God created logic and is therefore above it.
The issue with theists, though, is that if you back them into a corner they will say that God created logic and is therefore above it.   Which of course is more circular reasoning which is not valid in the field of legitimate logical debate.
therefore, you cannot use logic to define or discuss theological issues.    ...  How many times did I need to indicate that I wished to discuss the idea of God from a logical perspective?   Just forget it
would you be willing to discuss the idea of God from an obscure philosophical perspective? i didnt think so...    Your correct.  I would not be willing to discuss the idea of God from an "obscure philosophical perspective" that disregards all forms of reason and logic.
Let's see how you deal with me.   Alright, all facts are actually beliefs.   Why does it make more sense for something to originally exist?   If the big bang needed a start, who started God?
Everyone has a belief in something, even if it turns out that you don't believe in anything. Then you BELIEVE in nothing, nothing is what you believe in, you cannot dispute that statement. Surely you can grasp that much?   Gotcha Jimmyjacks. Welcome.    When you take a drink from a cup, you believe that there is a cup in your hand, only because you feel it there and you see it there, but those two sensations are the only forms of proof that you have that the cup exists and believe me that is just what they are, sensations.  You've never smelled coffee? Never tasted it either...    Your powers to believe beyond what is physical and visible are weak or none existent, so you don't believe. Happy are those who believe yet have not seen.  That's my understanding. You prefer delusion.    Besides who started the universe and don't say it was the big bang because I'll say who started the big bang?  Bang Big.    It makes more sense to say it was started by someone that has always existed, by someone that never started but always was.  Can you rephrase that in English.    Something can start from nothing??? I don't think so, but that is what you are saying when you say you don't believe in God, and what sort of science is that you believe in? "The universe started from nothing".  Now that is a silly concept!   No comment.
The universe cannot be responsible for its own creation.  Cheers....   WHy does anything have to responsbilty for the formation (not creation) of the universe.
It is well known that the big bang started, scientist all agree, but I never said God started, he all ways was, there was no beginning.   He has always existed.  He is the force that has always existed, the force that started the big bang. If I said such and such started God, then you would just ask who started such and such, God is the be all and end all. If you don't have a problem with God always existing, why do you have a problem with our universe always existing (even before the big bang, the universe still existed. It was just a immensly dense neutron star, which favored the big band, which in turn made the neutron star into something more similar to what we see today)?  If you think it's fair to ask, "What's before the Big Bang?" I think it's only fair I get to ask, "What's before God?"
It is well known that the big bang started, scientist all agree, but I never said God started, he all ways was, there was no beginning.   He has always existed.  He is the force that has always existed, the force that started the big bang. If I said such and such started God, then you would just ask who started such and such, God is the be all and end all.  if you claim God 'always' existed, why not have the conditions that gave rise to the formation of the universe always to have existed? Why have the added complication of assigning the attributes of these conditonis being an all knowing, all powerful entity?
Jimmyjacks, then you have a contridiction. You attack the big bang as it has no origin yet you make a exception for God. You cannot do that without sacrificing the prinicipals of debate.   That means your argument revolves around a double standard and such has no intention of proving anything. Your thread is merely a bashing one.   Your attack is obviously based upon all things must have a origin. You hold what you attack to that standard, but you do not hold your own belief to it. Why would we bother with someone who isn't even going to consider evenly applying standards to both sides?   What is more believable:  A being of uncomprehdable power existing forever without logical reason, or a single hydrogen atom popping into existance.  You are clearly out of your league.
Then your argument too is flawed by the same principals of debate.  Because? The conventional big bang is just as unlikely as God. Therefore your claim is wrong.   However the current believe mainly among physicists and astronomers is that there is no end and there is no beginning to the universe. Expansionary theories along with contractionary theories that are being observed have led many to believe that the current universe was born from the death of the last universe. There is no end and there is no beginning.  You are out of your league.
Just as I said there is no beginning to God and there is no end.  He always was.  Except you attack the big bang for lacking a origin. If you are going to apply the logic that the big bang is wrong because it has no origin, then you must apply it to God if you wish to appear as anything but a devious fool.   I take it you concede your earlier claim about me is wrong?    Furthermore, your argument is chidlish. Using such logic, and applying the true skeptic forumla, a belief in God is just as credible as a belief that you exist. You cannot prove neither. As such, claiming that God is real, or that it exists it foolish. Not to mention that you have directly violated the belief of God by limiting its power and therefore violating the notion of ominipotence.  You are way out of your league.
I do believe in the big bang, I believe God started it; there is nothing wrong in that statement, so I concede nothing. Everything is based on belief, and I believe you are wrong.  And I believe that you're a smelly hobbit who goes by the name of Frodo Baggins.    That's not the point, but your inability to address counter arguments as well as support your own does prove my claim that you are out of your league.  If you wish to continue avoiding your own argument and counter arguments, you're going to have a rough time here TOMHARRYBILL. Btw, being banned several times is a sign that you're not welcome here. 
Not so, it is quite simple: I believe in the big bang, I also believe God started it, I believe because he has a conscience that he has the power to start it. Whereas your argument is that a dense star started it, its self! That is less believable by anyone's logic, and is just plain stupid. So you are the one having a rough time since I have just smashed your argument and perspective to pieces.  So I hear that the opium crop from Afghanistan just bloomed.  It appears you must have some from the last harvest.  A dense star? Please, show me where I said this. In fact, I don't recall even stating a star, much less as it as the origin. Oddly Trebor points out that you claimed it, not I.   How did you even remotely deal with my argument? As I see it, you fabricated the star part.   You failed to address the origin standard You failed to address the skeptic problem You failed to address your false claim about my argument You failed to address how you violated the principals of a Diety  Seriously, Tomharrybill, registered a new screen name when you've been banned  2+ times is just childish.
No, because God is a capable of exercising force, an ultra dense neutron star would need something to trigger it off into the universe. Whatever started this, has to have a conscience, since we have consciences, since a conscience cannot exist unless it has always existed some where.   That is claim on your part. Now, demonstrate it's validity.
You prove those claims, would dearly love to see the proof of that.  Let's see, Trebor just quoted you saying the star, not I.  Please, I see no evidence that you addressed any of those points.   Again, you do apply standards to the big bang you do not apply to God. How is it that you can have such low standards for your arguments but have such high standards for the opposition?   You remind me of a comic where Kerry was asked if light was a wave or a particle, and he gave answers that suited both according to physics and he was criticized for 'flip flopping' yet Bush can't even spell cat and he's excused.
Prove it!!!!!  1) You are from the same forum 2) You have the same beliefs 3) You post in the same fashion 4) Your posts are typed in the same style 5) Your word choice, particuarly on gays is virtually identical 6) You post at the same times that he did  Need I go on?   You cannot deal with that fact you have different standards for different arguments and excuse the problems of yours away while attacking the problems of others.
Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool, so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish.  Only you have claimed that something came from nothing. This universe had a beginning to be sure but that does not preclude previous or future universes.
I do believe in the big bang, I believe God started it; there is nothing wrong in that statement, so I concede nothing. Everything is based on belief, and I believe you are wrong. this may be the first problem you need to address. the big bang theory is even more tentative than that of evolution. there are other less popular but equally valid scientific explanations for thw beginning of the universe. in fact, the big bang event as you know it may very well be explained away or replaced with a more suitable theory, so how do you deal with that? a theory isnt valid because god fits into it, its valid because the evidence fits into it  other than that, there are a number of problems with god that are outstanding and unresolved. since this thread is titled 'god', maybe they can be addressed here.  1. god has no definition 2. god has no examples of manifestation 3. god has no recognizable form or features that could identify him if he were to show up 4. god has no consistency (comparing what is in the bible with reality) 5. god has no means of communicating to people in an unambiguous way 6. god has no appeal or interest to all humans (there are nations of people that god has never occured to)  i can think of more, but lets see if anything can be done with these first
No, I started this tread and I asked this:  "Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool; so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish. But if something that has never started, yet has always existed, starts something, then that makes logical sense and has to be the accepted scenario.  Anyone that says otherwise is saying the universe started from nothing, err no!  You cannot handle that statement."  So you deal with this first!   Of course, that includes this 'God' thing. When describing 'how the universe' started senerio, people like you make a claim for 'God', and then claim 'god' was eternal. That creates the logical fallacy of 'special pleading' for god.   And, of course, saying the universe started from nothing is a concept that is in error.. a singulartity is not nothing (for the classic inflatinary theory), nor is  multidimentsional branes (as in the EKopyrotic theory). So, why don't you create a different strawman to try to chop down?
No, I started this tread and I asked this:  "Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool; so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish. But if something that has never started, yet has always existed, starts something, then that makes logical sense and has to be the accepted scenario.  Anyone that says otherwise is saying the universe started from nothing, err no!  You cannot handle that statement." the belief that the universe started from nothing is yours. this is not the belief of science. science never claims that the universe started from nothing, it says that they are not sure how the universe started.  not only that, but the claim "god created the universe" and "the universe came from nothing" are both the same. god is a made up entity (as you will soon demonstrate), an imaginary concept that does not exist. therefore the belief that the universe was created by god and that the universe was created by nothing are no different  anyway, like i said, science does not claim that the universe spontaneously popped out of nothing  So you deal with this first! very well. your turn
It makes more sense to say it was started by someone that has always existed, by someone that never started but always was.  Something can start from nothing??? I don't think so.  The bold quotes of yours flow directly after one another, and are completely contradictory.  God didn't need to start.  Everything needs to start from something.  What I ask is - Why does the universe, and even time, need a 'start' at all? Can't it have simply always existed?  Furthermore, when looking for reasons for existance and creation, why turn to the bible? It is a factually innacurate and contradictory book which has very minimal outside verification.  I could write a story-book incorporating the events of 9/11, which could be independantly verified, and then go on to detail how the earth was created, and is secretly ruled by giant ants from outer space.  Both books contain skerricks of fact. Both books detail the creation of life. Both books are written by men. Both books have, as their basis, some completely ridiculous story with no proof, or even credible theories to support it.  So why would you dismiss my story-book out of hand, but literally take the bible as gospel?
Within our universe, so far as we can tell, all events require a prior cause. Since however, time is hypothesised to have started at the same point, or just prior to the expansion of our universe, nothing can have occurred "prior" to this point. It's therefore empty to say the universe "started" from nothing, since there was no "nothing" prior to the beginning of our universe, there is no such thing as prior to our universe. Perhaps this is where science ends, and we will simply never know what could have produced everything. Or maybe we will, or at least have some idea - after all, science has revealed many things to us we may previously have thought to be science fiction.
Within our universe, so far as we can tell, all events require a prior cause. Since however, time is hypothesised to have started at the same point, or just prior to the expansion of our universe, nothing can have occurred "prior" to this point. It's therefore empty to say the universe "started" from nothing, since there was no "nothing" prior to the beginning of our universe, there is no such thing as prior to our universe. Perhaps this is where science ends, and we will simply never know what could have produced everything. Or maybe we will, or at least have some idea - after all, science has revealed many things to us we may previously have thought to be science fiction.  There are indications in QM that QM events can be non-causual. All causes preceed the event though.
Is there evidence of uncaused events? I thought at issue was simply the impossibility of determing precise data.
Is there evidence of uncaused events? I thought at issue was simply the impossibility of determing precise data.   I am hardly a phyicist, but I am under the impression that there is at least some people who feel there is reason that there are 'uncaused causes'. I think that the terms used are 'Vacuum flucuations', and 'virtual particles'. I am not aware of any peer reviewed articles on it , but a popular press book is 'Achilles in the quantum world' by Richard Morris.
please dont tell me jimmyjacks got banned too....
What was he banned for?  Considering he was tomyharrybill (along with a few other sns), registering a new screen name after being banned warrants another banning. I just wish he'd take the hint.   unkerpaulie, if you want to contoune the discussion PM user soulsaver as that's jimmyjack (tomharrybill's) new screenname. He might do it enough to warrant the forum owner to contact his ISP and get his service shut off for harrasment.
tom or jim or whoever you are, i'm not happy you keep getting banned, but i cant make a case against the admins because they most likely have legit reasons for their decision. but i do wish that the discussion wouldnt end so abruptly because of that. i dont know if there is anything that can be done (if its true that you harass users, please stop) but it would totally suck to be on a debate oriented forum if everybody agreed with everything i said. (that would be like church, lol jk)
and he's banned again. I don't think he understands the hassal of getting another ISP. Not to mention explaining it to his parents why their service has been cut off.
not really. If he is going to apply a standard to one and then declare it wrong because of the standard, he must do the same with the alternative if he does not wish to appear 1) a fool and 2) no intentions of actual discussion. It is a sense of circular reasoning as well as begging the question.   why would the universe have no beginning? That doesn't make sense.
why would the universe have no beginning? That doesn't make sense. the problem then is, how could the universe begin in the midst of absolutely nothing (no time, no matter, no space, no energy)? what could possibly trigger the universe's beginning? (and then of course, where did these triggering events come from?)  you will end up at negative infinity at some point
 Duo: you're accusation of 'special pleading' for God isn't really fair, as God is by definition not of the same nature as normal existing objects. God is seen as being beginingless in that he transcends time. If the universe has 'no beginning' in the more literal sense then we run into the problem that this means an infinite amount of time has passed, which is impossible.   Personally, I think that trying to work out the roots of existence from rules within existence is more than likely impossible. There are 'scientific' speculations and 'religious' speculations, but I've never seen anything definitive from either side.  Yes, special pleading for god IS fair. You have to make special rules up that contradict everything else. That is why that particular arguement FOR god is very bad.
I think the currently popular belief is that time itself is limited. Space, time, energy, matter and laws all came into existence together. Of course that's impossible for us to envisage.... obviously. in fact, it sounds like the ultimate cop out. it doesnt even sound like a theory
obviously. in fact, it sounds like the ultimate cop out. it doesnt even sound like a theory   Acutally, time FOR OUR UNIVERSE, and all the matter and energy assocated with it 'came into existance' at the same time. Time is relative.. and for our universe, untill there was time/energy, there was nothing for it to have a relationship to.
Well it isn't really in the scientific sense as far as I can make out.  Science works (very well) within the grounds of cause and effect and empirical data. So this is outside of science's remit.   Science also works well when it comes to noncausual events, as described in Quantum mechanics.
step right up!. allow me to demonstrate. ill need a volunteer from the audience please  provide a definition of God and i will prove God's existence or non-existence with the wave of my hand (the definition should be conclusive, complete and precise. any modifications to the definition will require a modification to the proof, but modifications are accepted)
very well, sir. and thank you  lets deal with the definition first. the being God is described as possessing "every perfection" and "every positive attribute".   perfection is subjective, and defined by the judge of the thing, based on a subjective standard. there are no objective standards by which to determine, say, the perfect nose. is it a ratio to the area of the face, a certain length in millimeters and angle in degrees? a certain texture and surface finish? is there such a thing as a nose that no modifications could be made to? perfection only exists when the subjective judgement of the viewer says so.  the phrase "every positive attribute" implies that a being can also possess negative and neutral attributes. the "positivity" of an attribute is also highly subjective. something is only positive when the majority agrees that it is. and whether something is positive or not also depends on the context. is killing someone a positive thing or a negative thing? it depends, largely on the consensus and on the context. is doing things to the approval of the consensus a positive thing? by definition it is. but what the majority deems as positive may not be good, which is negative. so, besides being subjective, a positive attribute can also be ambiguously defined  as for the proof, its really not a proof at all. if God is defined as a perfect being in reality, that does not mean that God exists. if i define a ufo as a flying spacecraft from another planet in reality, that does not make such things exist. its just a definition. i really dont see how that can be even considered a proof  basically, the definition: "a being possessing every perfection and every positive attribute" is not a true definition, because both perfection and positive attributes are subjective. so theres really nothing to work with here  God, by this definition, doesnt exist
God is an omnipotent, omniscient being that works in mysterious ways. nice.  a few problems with the definition. what exactly is a "mysterious way". can we identify a mysterious way when it occurs? lets say i do something you dont understand or didnt expect. that would be me working in a mysterious way from your viewpoint, right?  also, omnipotent: defined as the ability to do anything that can be possibly done. the impossible cannot be done by such a being. omniscient: defined as the having the knowledge of everything that can be known. the unknowable cannot be known  ok, with these mini-definitions out of the way (provided we agree on them), we can identify things that are impossible (and therefore not required as an ability of God). such things include creating round squares, turning chalk into trees, and converting water into wine. if these things are possible, then God would be able to to them. however, i contend that these things are impossible, and out of the range of God's abilities  as for knowledge, what is universally unknown is universally unknown, and we cannot determine if unknown knowledge exists or not. if unknown knowledge exists, it is not knowledge until it is known (it sounds kinda technical/semantical, but thats how knowledge must be treated). so all things that are known is collectively everything that is knowable.  there is an entity that has the ability to do everything that is possible, possesses all knowledge, and moves in mysterious ways  therefoe God, by this definition, exists
God is an adolescent who, among other such godlets, is enrolled in cosmic junior high. The universe is his science project.
What you say about a nose is of course an aesthetic judgment and entirely subjective. But we are not talking about noses here; it's the idea of perfection we have in focus. Ideas are internal to the thinker and it is merely our judgment that relates to the external world. So we could have a perfect idea of a perfect being but still have faults in our judgement. Having an idea of perfection does not imply that the thinker is perfect in some way.  yes, and i suppose an idea of perfection can exist, in a thinker's mind, and subjective to the thinker's standards of perfection. i could also point out that an imperfect thinker, with no reference or standard of "objective" perfection, is incapable of having a perfect idea of anything. therefore the argument falls apart at the first premise, since an "idea of perfection" cannot exist, unless the thinker himself is perfect, which would make him God by his own definition.  You might further propose that it is possible to have other (godless) ideas that are also themselves in some way perfect - for instance the idea of a perfect square, say 3 x 3 = 9, an idea that cannot be false as it relates to and describes an aspect of perfection: no judgment is involved here. But such an idea doesn't prove the existence of anything, it merely demonstrates that it is possible for an imperfect being to have a concept of perfection. So if it is possible for an imperfect being to have an idea of a perfect square, isn't it also possible to have an idea of a perfect being without reference to the world that is external to the mind ? i dont think you can describe 3 x 3 = 9 as a perfect square (unless you also define an "imperfect square", like 0.09, or 12). but i pretty much get your idea. the adjective "perfect" attached to something abstract (like an idea or principle) isnt as easily translated to something physical, like a being.  Well, according to Descartes, if I have an idea of a most perfect being, I shall distinctly perceive that such a being must contain all perfections - including reality in every degree. So this idea also contains existence. God's essence is to exist, and of no other thing can this be said. (Existence in everything else being contingent.)   To refute these arguments, and some philosophers doubt they can be refuted, I think you will need to take another tack. if i say to you that i possess in my mind the idea of a unicorn that exists in reality, does that make the existence of unicorns real? percieving somefthing in the mind is still a far cry from that thing being so. to me this is not a proof at all  as for God's existence being incontingent, apparently, if descartes, or somebody else so inclined, didnt at first imagine the existence os a perfect being, then project this idea into reality on the basis of it being perfect in all aspects, then God's existence itself is contingent on descartes having such an idea in the first place, not to mention descartes' perspective and standard of perfection. this makes God's existence pretty contingent  finally, an idea does not require translation into reality to be perfect. i believe that this in itself is a false premise. as you earlier pointed out, there are many concepts defined as "perfect" that cannot be translated into reality, and doesnt require it. why should the idea of a "perfect" God be any different?
Leaving your defintions aside for a bit (I'm not real happy with your take on omnipotent/onmiscient) at the end there you simply state that an entity which matches the defintions exists. You forgot to add the proof. :) i'd love to hear your take on my definitions of omnipotent/omniscient, which is why i left them open  as for the proof: there exists, in reality, an entity that moves in mysterious ways (as per my definition), and possesses omnipotence and omniscience (as per my definitions)  this entity is also known (collectively) as mankind
Mankind is not an entity, it's a collection of entities, and so doesn't qualify. And mankind doesn't even meet all your defintions. Natural echo-location is possible, but we can't do it. Living in boiling water, or ice water, is possible, but we can't do it. mankind can achieve echo-location, and live in boiling or freezing water. of course some extra devices are usually necessary, but i dont know if youd consider it "unnatural"  Be that as it may, let's hit the definitions. I would use the standard ones.  omniscient: Knows everything that has occured and is occuring right now. (Let's assume that knowledge of the future is not required) mine is slightly different: possessing all knowledge that currently exists (meaning that knowledge can be newly gained, or totally lost). could there be "no knowledge of something that happened in the past"? if no knowledge of something exists, then not having knowledge of it still makes you omniscient, doesnt it?  omnipotent: able to do anything that is not logically impossible.  Logically impossible? For example, make a square circle, make 1+1=3, make a boulder so large he couldn't lift it. Everything else he could do, for example raise the dead, instant teleportation, matter transmutation.[/quote] raising the dead would require the reversal of irreversable chemical reactions. these chemicals react based on the laws of nature. how logical is it to override a law of nature on a substance subject to the laws of nature? the same could be said about the other feats you listed  mysertious ways: Simply put, his motivations need not be clear to us, or even understandable. covered, and in agreement.  the internal definition are what we can further fine-tune. once i get your final say on these definitions i'll recalculate God's existence
those are not alternate definitions, but clarification requests  for example, omniscience means possession of knowledge of all things, past and present (your definition). my question is, does the knowledge of what lies at the bottom of the deepest abyss in the ocean exist? does knowledge of what lies beyond the scope of the hubble exist? because non-existent knowledge need not apply in the definition.  also, omnipotent means having the ability to do anything logically possible (your definition again). is overriding the laws of physics logically possible? is it logically possible for 2 like poles to attract? is it logically possible for 2 objects to exert different opposite forces on each other? because overriding the laws of physics is but a small step from saying 1+1=3, which you already declared as an impossibility. so, what exactly logically possible? think about it  my questions to you only serve to fine tune the definitions you gave, to make sure we cover all bases and no sematic or technical problems come up later. im sure you can live with that
Everything clear? i'm afraid not. it cannot be logical to break the rules of physics, yet adhere to the rule that 1+1=3. if it is logical to override the laws of physics, then it is logical to state that 1+1=3, which is illogical. if both is true for God, then God is self-contradictory and cannot exist
Not at all true. It was a law of physics that F=ma, until Einstien came along and showed that that law doesn't work near the speed of light, and isn't even really true at mundane speeds. We have no "root cause" for how the laws of physics work, so there's no reason to believe that they're carved in stone. There may be ways around any or all of them, for all we know. The same cannot be said for simple arithmetic. Math is grounded in logic, so for math to fail logic must fail. Physics is grounded in observation, and it can fail if the observations missed something, which is not hard to imagine. the laws of physics do not change. an undiscovered law always exists. einstienian physics did not become true when einstien discovered it. it was always true  both physics and math are grounded in logic. the laws of physics are consistent and reliable because math is consistent and reliable. physics can be and is defined into mathematical formulae. whether we know the formulae or not, the formulae always hold. manipulating the laws of physics would be the same as putting the variables 1 and 1 into the formula a+b=c, and getting a result of 3
im sorry what definition?? your sorry excuse for a belief called evolution? read the thread. evolution was never mentioned
This is absolutely not true, and is clearly the source of your confusion. Math is, as you say, based on logic. Physics is not. It absolutely isn't. It's based on observation and reasoning. To get F=ma we did not sit down with some axioms and manipulate them according to logical rules until we reached our conclusion (which is how we derive everything in math). We applied forces to masses and measured the acceleration. The relationship F=ma always emerged and so we figured it always would. That's good reasoning, but it isn't logic. There is no logical basis to assume that F=ma will always hold. If, for example, someone could manipulate the strings which make up the subatomic particles in our mass they could, theoretically, decouple the mass and the inertia, so that the mass would decrease while the inertia stays the same. In that case the new equation could be F=2ma. There is nothing that makes this a logical impossibility. kronus, apparently you think that logic and reasoning are 2 unrelated and mutually exclusive disciplines. they are not. even though the laws of physics are derived by observation and reasoning, none of them would work without the logic of math. the law that states that energy is never created or destroyed, but only transfered (for example) would only work if 1+1=2. thats where the logic comes in. at some point the variables must be substituted with values, and the values must abide by the rules of logic to produce a logical result  if the God of your definition can input values into the same formula, and get results different from that of math under logic, then he is illogical  Just to hammer home the point, we have no way of knowing that the formulae we use are in fact the correct formulae. F=ma has been shown to be wrong, who knows what else we believe to be correct is also wrong? We believe something to be physically impossible now, based on our current understanding of physics, but that doesn't logically mean that there's no way to do it. It just means that we don't know how. Physics is not based on logic, which we can be sure of, but on observation and reason, which always carries the possiblity of error and incompleteness. what does us knowing the formulae have to do with anything?  if the God of your definition can, say, turn water into wine, then the process by which water is turned into wine must be a logical one, governed by the laws of physics, regardless of if these laws are known to us. whether we are aware of the law that allows water to do this is irrelevant, as long as it exists, and the variables can be reinputted to get the same results. this is the way logic works, 1+1 will always be 2.  are you suggesting, implicit of your definition, that the feats which are possible by God, such as raising the dead, are bound by the the same rules of logic that govern the addition of 1 and 1?
How do you define existance? God would seem to require a new definition of existance assuming he doesn't just exist between the ears of believers... Seems to reflect believers own views certainly amongst the more fanatical groups.
i'm backtracking a little to remind you of a post you made earlier in the thread That which you are calling physically impossible could be quite possible to someone with a deeper grasp of, or the ability to manipulate, the basic laws of nature. If you could imagine it, an onmipotent being could do it. now lets combine this with your more recent comments We don't know the root cause of anything in physics, and given that we can't say that the root cause is fixed. It is logically possible that the underlying nature of reality is completely malliable to one who knows how to do it, and such a person would be able to do pretty much anything that you could imagine, simply by rewriting the "laws" to suit themselves. ok. let's assume that x is something we can imagine an omnipotent God doing. this would mean that our omnipotent God can actually do x in reality (from the descartes argument). God's ability to do x in reality would imply that turning water into wine is a logical process (since God cannot do the illogical). the process of x, therefore, must be governed by existing laws of physics, even if these laws dictate that constants can be possibly manipulated  now substitute x for turning water into wine, raising the dead, teleporting solid objects, etc (remember, as long as you can imagine it, you can substitute for x)  does that sum it up correctly?
It's close. The only yellow flag I see is the use of the word law, which I have been playing a little fast and loose with. A law in physics is generally considered immutable. What I'm proposing is that it is logically possible that there are no immutable laws, although I can't think of a term to describe such a thing. It is logically possible that anything which appears to be a physical law or a constant is in fact changable. An omnipotent being would have the ability to do so at will. if there are indeed no immutable laws in physics, then that in itself must be an immutable law of physics. physics is a logical discipline because it provides consistent and replicable results for the same input. for example, if you exert a force downward on an object, that object will exert a force of equal magnitude upward on you. if, by some means, you could exert a force downard on an object, and not experience an equal and opposite force upward on you, then this law would be an immutable law. it would mean that the forces do no balance, that the sides of the equation do not add up, that 1+1 is not 2.  the laws of physics work because they adhere to the laws of logic. both are intertwined. if the application of a law of physics can produce a certain result today, and a different result tomorrow, then either a new law is in effect, or an illogical phenomenon has occured  anyway, the point of my "summation" is that if God exists, then anything we can possibly imagine becomes a law of physics and a logical occurance. God's existence would mean that walking in thin air, breathing in lava, reanimating rocks and travelling through time are all logical. in fact, it would mean that it is impossible to imagine the illogical, and whatever can be possibly imagined is already logical and in harmony with the existing laws of physics.  if God exists, nothing is illogical as long as it is conceivable And just a quick nit pick. You said that God cannot do the illogical. He certainly could act illogically, that would fall under the "acts in mysterious ways" clause. He just can't do the logically impossible. I'm sure that's what you meant, but I wanted to make sure. perhaps you mean irrational? mysterious only means unexpected or misunderstood by the observer. a "mysterious way" to a 5 year old may be a common feat for an adult. it doesnt make it less "mysterious"
It is not impossible for an imperfect thinker to have an idea of a being greater than which nothing can be thought - i.e. a "perfect" entity. Consider: if my introspection has convinced me that I not only exist as a thinking "organism", but also that I am prone to error, that my knowledge of the external world is patchy at best, and that I am limited in all my endeavours etc. - then I can conclude that my nature is finite and imperfect. yes, and so is everyone else that might be thinking up a great being. even if we combine all the best ideas and attributes that all the thinkers came up with, and made the greatest possible being imaginable, or a being greater than which no being can be conceived, would it qualify as perfect? is the limit of man's conceptuality where perfect begins? what if there's a gap between man's best possible idea, and objective perfection? i contend that imperfect and finite man cannot even have a clue as to how perfect their "greatest being conceivable" is. it may be that perfect and greatest concievable may not even be close.  But how can I think of my imperfection without the associated idea of its opposite ? How can I describe myself in these terms except by contrast with the contrary ? These skeptical reflections lead back to the assurance that I am capable of having the original idea (of perfection) and that I do not need to be the perfect God almighty in order to think about perfection. we can define infinity as a number that can never be counted to. the incapacity to attain infinity does not prevent us from recognizing what is finite. similarly, perfection, even if unattainable, is still a useful measure in that it efines what is imperfect: anything less than perfect. the largest number conceivable is not infinity.  A rectangle with equilateral sides is a perfect square - so my illustration that 3 x 3 = 9 and thus a perfect square, does not need to be contrasted with an "imperfect" square; it is perfect by definition. there is no difference between a "square" and a "perfect square" then, and neither "perfect squares" nor "imperfect sqaures" are necessary. a square cannot be more or less perfect than what is defined as a square. either a figure is a aqsuare, or it is not. degrees of "square-ness" do not exist  The fact that a fiction can be imagined does not provide an analogy that shows how the ontological argument can be refuted. We are not discussing imaginary animals, but whether an imperfect being can have an idea of perfection. the "proof" of the ontological argument is simply: since the greatest being imaginable would be greater existing in rality than a being that only exists in the mind, then this greatest being imaginable must exist in reality  this is really a very shabby "proof". in fact, this is no proof at all. you start off with a hypothetical situation, and end up stating that since the hypothetical situation requires the existence of something, then that thing must exist... that doesnt sound like a proof to me. in fact, its really no different from my unicorn example
That last bit is so clearly wrong that I have to assume I'm missing your point. We have what appear to be physical laws to us, which make certain things impossible for us. Just because an omnipotent being could change the laws that doesn't mean he has or will. Until a law gets changed we're still bound by it, and so many things are still impossible for us. The existence of an omnipotent being doesn't make everything possible for everyone, just for the omnipotent being. Put another way, just because an OB could turn off gravity doesn't mean there isn't any gravity now. hold on. can God transform a bucket of sand into a bucket of water? if the answer is yes, then such a transformation must be logical. also, if this can be done by changing the laws of physics, that would mean that the laws are currently changeable.  therefore either laws of nature are constant, or God exists  you say that maybe they are changeable. its either they are or not. and if they are not, then God, by your definition, doesnt exist
You describe the ontological argument as "shabby" ( by which you mean it's threadbare, I suppose ?), yet you have failed to refute it. i'll try to break down the proof of the ontological argument and maybe we can see how this proof really works, and why it doesnt really seem to be any type of proof at all, to me  lets define God as a being which no greater being can be imagined this imagined being would be even greater if it actually existed in reality therefore this being must exist in reality to be as great as we imagine it to be  did i miss anything?  ok  lets define a unicorn as the greatest horse-like animal with a horn on its head than can be imagined this imagined being would be even greater if it actually existed in reality therefore this unicorn must exist in reality to be as great as i imagine it to be  proof that unicorns exist  sounds kinda shabby, doesnt it?
If we defined a unicorn as a being greater than which nothing can be thought (not imagined) which is how Anselm defined God, then "unicorn" would just be another word for "God".   The ontological argument isn't at all "shabby": it's ingenious, and has been examined by the philosophically inclined for centuries. It does not persuade me for the reasons which I gave in the first paragraph of my last post. i fail to see the distinction between "thought" and "imagined"  lets, then, define a unicorn as a horse-like animal with a horn on its head that exists in reality since this is our definition of a unicorn, a unicorn must exist  the ontological argument starts off with a very arbitrary definition of God as its first premise, then, based on that definition, concludes that God must exist, since the definition requires it. how is that any different from my proof that unicorns exist?
You can imagine anything you like: a unicorn with two heads, another with seventeen heads etc. But the ontological argument isn't concerned with stuff you can imagine; it's concerned with a theory of existence that is arrived at by the use of "pure reason".  You are mixing up categories, so I'll put it another way. Ontology is the theory of existence, or more cautiously, of what really exists as opposed to that which appears to exist but does not.   Some aficionados of ontology claim that many things exist that are not commonly acknowledged to do so - such as abstract entities, and what Kant called "things-in-themselves" which are inaccessible to empirical verification. Others have argued that many things commonly thought to exist, do not - e.g. material things and the theoretical entities of natural science. (Haven't you heard about Bishop Berkeley's phenomenalism and the story of how Samuel Johnson refuted it ?) you are not answering the question. anslem's definition of God is what he uses to propel his argument and subsequent proof. my definition of a unicorn, or any other "thought" being i'd like to think up, would be just as valid in my argument and proof for the existence of that thing. how is it that a hypothetical being, defined as required to exist, can be concluded to exist in reality? there is no limit to the amount of hypothetical beings that can be thought up, and defined as required to exist. that does not make them exist in reality  i have a serious problem with you discounting the validity of my perspective simply because i am not relying on kant or any other historical critic of the argument. i also deliberately omit allusions to these classical critiques because i am tackling this argument from my own perspective. its not that i think i am intellectually superior or anything, because i dont. however i would appreciate if you dont presume that i am intellectually inferior to them either. i dont mind you sharing their perspective or methods, and i dont mind you using their rebuttals to refute my arguments either, but please dont discard my arguments as invalid if you havent even addressed them </rant<
For the imagined perfect being argument, God is merely a Meme. ie, it only exists in your head.  Then there is God the Creator; Whilst the Universe may have causes to say that these amount to a deity effectivly creates an Universal Sun God with no real effect.  If there were such a thing as God controling things behind the scenes there should be some pattern apparent in history, if we narrow our search to monotheism the only pattern we see is one of in fighting and division. Could this be evidence of a polytheistic truth attempting to interact with the universe?
I drew your attention to the input of Kant and Descartes on this matter not because I want to overpower you with sciolism, but because you insisted on describing the whole argument as "shabby": this struck me as rather glib and suggested a shallow perspective. The ontological argument has some deeper resonances than you appear willing to give it credit for.   If you are unhappy with our exchanges because you feel that your point of view is being discounted on frivolous grounds, then I can assure you that was not my intention have you considered the "proof" yourself? i mean hve you looked at it at face value and tried to make sense of it? let me see if i can show you how the proof looks from my point of view. then maybe you can see why i find it such a poor proof. then, if my perspective of the proof is wrong, you can show me where i misinterpreted the proof, and show that the proof is actually quite solid  "God, by definition, is that than which a greater cannot be thought. God exists in the understanding. If God exists in the understanding, we could imagine Him to be greater by existing in reality. Therefore, God must exist."  the way i see it, the proof starts off by the prover creating in his mind a hypothetical being, and giving the being's definition. the definition he provides includes a requirement that God must exist. his conclusion, therefore, is that if his definition of God is correct (which is the definition he offered in the first place) then God must exist lets, then, define a bliggler as a cat-like animal with a bird-like head and elephant tail that exists in reality since this is our definition of a bliggler, a bliggler must exist i took out the unicorn reference, hopefully to make the analogy less confusing. my comparison to the ontological argument consists of me creating in my mind a hypothetical being, and giving the being's definition. the definition of the bliggler includes the requirement that the bliggler must exist in reality. my conclusion, therefore, is that a bliggler exists.  my point is that you could use this argument to prove that anything imaginable exists, as long as you include in the definition a requirement that it exists   another problem i see with this proof is the definition itself. without being specific about any aspect of God, God is defined as that which nothing greater than can be thought. this requires that there is an objective standard by which the greatness of thoughts can be measured. the term "greater thought than" is an oxymoron, since thoughts have no quantitative or measureable aspects. in order for this proof to work, we would need some form of scale by which the greatness of a thought can be compared   i have offered 2 independent refutes to the argument. if you think that they are flawed, please indicate where and make corrctions/recommendations. thank you
let me ask you all this.. isnt it easier to believe that God created the universe then to try and remeber all the processes in evolution? i.e. triassic and jurassic and all the rest of em. tell me which is easier.. ummm... pooh bear... two things. one, this discussion has nothing to do with evolution. if you have a problem with evolution, find a thread discussing evolution and post there. two, the truth about something has nothing to do with how easy the words are to remember. if something is true, but you cant pronounce, remember, or understand it, you dont opt for the easy-to-read solution and accept it as true. either get familiar with the terms, or drop the issue. nobody is going to accept "goddidit" on the grounds that it has fewer big words  this is exactly why creationists are generally considered ignorant and knowledge-phobic
Yes, for something to be omnipotent there must be some way to change what we call the laws of nature.  If we knew that the laws were utterly unchangeable, then we would know that an omnipotent being could not exist. We don't know that the laws are unchangable, therefore the existence of an OB is logically possible. lets look at a simple law in physics. the first law of thermodynamics: energy cannot be created or destroyed, simply transformed from one type of energy to another. an application of this law would be putting a hot iron bar in a bucket of water to cool. the heat it tranferred from the metal and into the water, air, bucket, and any other place the heat could get transfered too. and the metal bar becomes cooler than it was before.  can God take a piece of steel at 50 `C, put it in a bucket of water at 10`C, and cause the steel and water temperature to raise to 90`C without adding energy from an external source?  so far, your proof relies on the changability of the laws of physics in order for God by your definition to exist. you havent shown that the laws are changable, so your argument doesnt prove that God exists (i know you arent proving God's existence, the burden is not on you, just pointing something out). if the laws of physics are not changeable, then God, by your definition, does not exist. i just wanted to mention that. its why i keep asking these questions that may start to seem redundant
i've let this thread sleep for a while, i've been think about this ever since  kronus, let me ask you something, based on the definition that god is all powerful. can god put a sealed container quarter-filled with water in the freezer, and and take it out, say the next morning, 3/4 full of ice?, without adding any more water? (we assume that the container is fluid-proof, and its a frost-free freezer. also, the container was weighed as well as the level checked. the ice weighs 3 times more than original, and the level is 3 times higher)
lol, its not about the physics of water, but about the alleged ability of god to alter the physics of water. we are working with the assumption that god is all powerful, but is limited to feats that are logical (ruling out the creation of round squares and other illogicalities). we have also established that 1+1=3 is also illogical, and therefore cannot be accomplished by god.  anyway, heres the gist of the question. if god can do anything logically imaginable, can he place a 1/4-filled closed container of water in the freezer overnight, and the next morning (using his miraculous powers, of course) retrieve the same closed container with 3/4-filled with ice? in other words, can he, by sheer miraculous power, produce more water in the container than was there before? (the miracle has obviously nothing to do with the process of waer freezing lol)
no riddle. in our hypothetical scenario, the water weighs more, proportionate to the amount it increased by. the density is no different from any other regular ice  basically, its exactly as if i poured some more water in the container during the night. only in this case, god added the water by a miracle, instead of opening the container, putting under the tap, then putting it back in the freezer  its not a trick question lol. its just a question about whether god can do this seemingly simple miracle
Glad you're back, I was hoping you hadn't abandoned this thread. :)  What you ask for is easy. You'ld just have to do two things. First, change the coefficient of expansion for freezing water such that instead of the 2% (or so) increase we see now, you get a 300% increase. Then, change the gravitational constatant of the universe in the area of the container so that it weighed three times as much. Alternatively, you could change the rest mass of all the sub-atomic particles such that they were all three times bigger; that should have the same result. Another possibility, if this doesn't violate your closed container rule, would be to simply convert energy directly into matter, in the form of water. That wouldn't even require any changes to the laws of physics. putting some arbitrary numbers in, say we start off with a 1 liter container, 1/4-filled with water, and end up with the container 3/4 filled with ice, made possible through the miraculous power of God. somehow, an extra 1/2 liter water found itself in the container.  expanding the existing 1/4 liter of water 3X violates the law of expansion for this substance. and creating an isolated gravitational field right where the container is is contrary to the way gravity works, since it is a force between 2 bodies of significant mass. but even if this could be done, it would not mean that there is more water in the container. i'm asking if god can retrieve the container with 3/4 liter of ice, when he put the container in the freezer with 1/4 liter water the night before  the alternative method seems as though it would better achieve the results im looking for. are you saying that god has the power to find enough energy in a freezer that can be converted into enough matter to convert into that much water?
Who says he needs to find the energy in the freezer? He could just open up a wormhole and funnel it in from wherever he likes. For that matter he could do the same thing to just add more water, but that seems to go against the spirit of what you're asking. hmmm... yes and no. he could take water from outside the fridge, somehow transfer it through the fridge walls and into the container, and acheive the same thing. and that feat would be no less miraculous than making water appear out of the air in the container itself. however, getting water into the container would mean causing it to go through a fluid-proof freezer wall and container. i cant even imagine what kind of physical law he woul need to bend to achieve that.  another (and equally miraculous) way this could be done is to rip a hole in the fridge and container, get the water in, then "heal" the container and fridge back so that the rupture would be perfectly fixed.  regardless of how it is done, some serious laws of nature are going to be violated. you contend that in order for a god of your provided description to exist, such laws can be violated and still adhere to the laws of logic  i must say this is truly the wierdest (most novel) justification for the existence of god i have ever come accross. and while i know that the laws of nature really cannot be twisted as described and still remain logical, its quite a challenge for me to get my head around it enough to express it properly. but i'm still working on this
hmmm... yes and no. he could take water from outside the fridge, somehow transfer it through the fridge walls and into the container, and acheive the same thing. and that feat would be no less miraculous than making water appear out of the air in the container itself. however, getting water into the container would mean causing it to go through a fluid-proof freezer wall and container. i cant even imagine what kind of physical law he woul need to bend to achieve that.  another (and equally miraculous) way this could be done is to rip a hole in the fridge and container, get the water in, then "heal" the container and fridge back so that the rupture would be perfectly fixed.  regardless of how it is done, some serious laws of nature are going to be violated. you contend that in order for a god of your provided description to exist, such laws can be violated and still adhere to the laws of logic  i must say this is truly the wierdest (most novel) justification for the existence of god i have ever come accross. and while i know that the laws of nature really cannot be twisted as described and still remain logical, its quite a challenge for me to get my head around it enough to express it properly. but i'm still working on this   The whole problem with this whole senerio is that there is a test can be devised to disprove something. You can always say 'well, god decieded not to participate'.
The whole problem with this whole senerio is that there is a test can be devised to disprove something. You can always say 'well, god decieded not to participate'. the beauty of this proof is that it doesnt depend on any particular real-life situation. even if we never get 3/4 liters of ice when we put 1/4 liter of water in the freezer, this thread discusses whether god has the ability to do something like that.  in my mind, starting off with 1/4 liter, and ending up with 3/4 liter, is a case of 1+1=3. somehow, the left side of the equation does not equate to the right side. when this happens, we have an illogicality. god, dispite his amazing power, cannot acheive that which is illogical.  the logical alternatives would be the water (or substance needed to produce the water) is subtracted from somewhere else, thus keeping the equation balanced. those are the possible scenarios that kronus suggested.  alternately, god could simply wake up sometime at night, open the freezer, pour water into the container up to 3/4, then close it and put it back in the freezer. if this was the only way god could do this, then it wouldnt be a miracle, and it would demonstrate that god according to kronus' description doesnt exist
I felt this needed addressing. Why can't you change the laws and still be logical? I suspect this is going to be the thrust of your argument, so please be clear about this point. How is g=9.8 m/s^2 logical while g=2 m/s^2, or g=20m/s^2 not? If something violates logic, you can show that with logic. Please show how this isn't logical, if indeed that is where you're going with this. If not, then forget I asked. :) yes, this is the key to the entire argument.   law: a body exerting a force against another body will experience a force of equal magnitude being exerted on it in the opposite direction. you cannot apply 10N of force on an object, and experience a reactive force of 11N from that object as a result.   law: voltage = current x ressistance. you cannot experience a current of 12 amps by connecting a 4 ohm ressistor to a 2 volt battery  law: e=mc^2. you cannot disintegrate a 3 kilogram piece of matter and get 100 joules of energy  the laws of nature work because they are based on laws of logic. if you start off with 1/4 liter of water, your result will be 1/4 liter of ice. this is the equilibrium of 1+1=2, and anything deviant from that is illogical  to address the question of g=9.8 m/s^2, the gravitational force applied on an object has everything to do with the object's mass. on a planet twice as massive as earth, we would expect g=20 m/s^2. it is proportional, and remains consistent. the gravitational force that earth exerts on us will not drastically change unless the mass of the planet drastically changes. as long as the mass of the earth remains constant, the force of gravity will remain constant
His final prayer before execution was that he "might take a portion in the number of martyrs in the cup of Christ, to the resurrection of eternal life both of soul and body in the incorruption of the Holy Ghost."  It is one of the tragedies of human existence that a courageous man dying for a cause does not in itself make that cause just or true or noble. For all I know, your story about Polycarp may be true; but even if it is it can be matched by any number of stories of men or women dying for causes you would regard as reprehensible. How many young Germans, in 1945, died courageously for the lost cause of Nazism? Do we regard them as having sacrificed their lives for a greater good? I imagine not.  You'd think the daily news from Iraq was enough to quash the myth of holy martyrdom.
And what cause was Polycarp's except the cause of Christ, who's still trying to save you, John Hanks.  How could Jesus save anyone, when he couldn't even save himself?
And what cause was Polycarp's except the cause of Christ, who's still trying to save you, John Hanks.  Sorry, ez. If it were indeed true that a courageous person called Polycarp died for this cause, that fact would not make the cause one iota more worthy of respect than any other for which men or women have died. And that's an awful lot of causes.  And since in this case the cause purports to be that of a self-proclaimed godling begotten specifically so that his father could sacrifice him to himself and thereby forgive a transgression he had entrapped humanity into ... I think I'll pass.
Please everyone, don't encourage EZ. This whole Polycarp thing is a deversion from what has been an otherwise intelligent and enjoyable discussion. I ask you to please treat it as such and not bite at his bait.  EZ presents an almost irresistible target. I'm reminded of that cartoon which depicts a man with a sign on his back which reads "Please kick me". No malice intended, at least on my part, but his 'witness' is so completely off-the-wall that it invites critical response. I agree that his Polycarp c&p was completely irrelevant to this particular thread and was probably an attempt at diversion from the subject at hand.   I suggest that you not allow yourself to be discouraged by such tactics. Consider it to be nothing more than noise. This is, indeed, an interesting thread.
Satan worship is the way to heaven? How ludicrous.  What objective evidence - you'll note this excludes his followers' testimony, or the words they attribute to him - do you have that Jesus was not Satan?  If you're on the ball, you'll argue that this is a burden-of-proof error - that if I were to proclaim that Jesus is Satan, it's down to me to prove it. But that isn't my claim. I merely claim that Jesus-as-son-of-god and Jesus-as-incarnation-of-Satan are logically indistinguishable.  Must be 1,000 different religions or more out there. Most completely contradictory to each other.  I've said it before, ez, and I'll say it again. Your atheism and mine are only 0.1% different. We are 99.9% in agreement! Hail, brother!
I still wonder if Howard Beale acknowledges Jesus as his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins? If he likes Karen Armstrong, then I really have questions.  Karen Armstrong is a teacher and historian who writes about the history of religion. By your own admission, you've never read any of her books. I've previously invited you to discuss Armstrong with me on condition that you read at least one of her books. You've declined my invitations.
Why don't you let Howard answer the question, Orion?  I'm certain that he will. I was simply pointing out your almost complete ignorance of Karen Armstrong's scholarship regarding the history of religion. Obviously, this has not prevented you from attacking her scholarship in the past.
I still wonder if Howard Beale acknowledges Jesus as his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins? If he likes Karen Armstrong, then I really have questions.  EZ, I read a lot of Karen Armstrong over this last summer. I found her arguments persuasive, and her scholarship impressive. Tell me, what particular aspect of Armstrong's exegesis do you find suspect? Where, exactly, in her exposition of the emergence of humankind's concept of divinity, do you feel she went wrong?  Detailed answers, please, in your own words, fully referenced to Armstrong's texts.
It never ceases to amaze me how something as simple as faith in Christ can generate such a litany of hostility...  Oh, such self-pity! Bassman, if you and ez and the rest of evangelical christianity were characterised by nothing more than 'simple faith in Christ', anyone attacking you for your views would be a despicable bully.  But that is not your stance. Your 'simple faith in Christ' leads you to demand that everyone else conform to your notions of what is virtuous and what is sinful; it leads you to seek constantly to interfere with science education, because some of its theories conflict with your beliefs; it leads you to seek control over other people's lives.  That is what generates hostility. You want to enjoy your 'simple faith in Christ', you go right ahead; but when your simple faith tries to tell others how to live, expect hostility.
Until Howard tells the world in his own words who Jesus is (Jewish Messiah, Resurrected Savior, etc.), and whether Jesus is his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins, I tend to agree with you. Real Christians don't dodge these basic questions.   I will tell you who Jesus is. If he existed at all, he is a dead man... dead for almost 2000 years.
Exposing Howard Beale's Karen Armstrong    He was obedient to God. He was called "Beelzebub" by the real rebels.  More Armrest Than Armstrong - Or, Another Look Into (Armstrongs') Liberalism   fer.  <snip a bunch of rhetoric<  http://www.tektonics.org/af/armstrongk01.html  Quoting from J. P. Holding, AKA Robert Turkel??   Not the best source in the world..
Boys, I read the Word of God. That's the standard.  Karen Armstrong doesn't even know who Jesus is.  And you don't either.
Now, now Johnson m'boy, EZ more than likely read the book and has more background on Karen Johnson than you can shake a stick at.  I have previously invited EZ to discuss Karen Armstrong's A History of God or The Battle For God on condition that he read either book beforehand. He has declined my invitations. What he does instead is to post cut&pastes from Christian fundamentalist websites the authors of which are in obvious opposition to Armstrong's scholarship. Did they even bother to read her books? Who knows?   EZ has employed this same tactic in response to my invitations to discuss the works of John Dominic Crossan, Paul Tillich, Israel Finkelstein, and John Shelby Spong. Not a very encouraging sign, is it?
Now, now Johnson m'boy, EZ more than likely read the book and has more background on Karen Johnson than you can shake a stick at.  From what I have seen of some interactions between Orion and Easyrider, EZ has not read it.
Boys, I read the Word of God. That's the standard.  "What do we need books for, anyway? Everything we need to know is already in the Bible!"  :-)
I'll say that EZ may be a bit overzealous, but he is within his right to speak from the sources that he sees fit.  As I have my right to ridicule him for his attempts to denigrate Karen Armstrong without having read any of her books. Or, has such concept escaped your attention?   I've heard about The Battle for God and from what I've heard, I'm not too encouraged.  You've "heard"?  I don't like pointy-headed intellectial liberal elitists claiming to know everything about religion. Even though they have an alphabet soup next to their name. It just doesn't impress me.  OK, so, scholarship is not your thing. No problem.
You know ,.. You are the most insulting personality I've had the pleasure of meeting on this forum.  There is no claim.. Bass playing dude,.. It's truth. ( I know you have a hard time with this )  And , GEEEEEEE ... you are so smart to have figured out I gave up this nonsense long ago. Yeah it was kind of a strange thing. I asked questions... I got the runaround ( kinda like you and EZ give others ) , I gave up trying to become what others defined for me and I found the me burried benieth the huge pyle of XXXX. I can only pray someday you too can experience the true feeling of freedom!! ( cause dogma suc** )  I take it you have not met Easyrider.
Call me names, scream and rant, it doesn't hide the fact that you still have not answered the question EZ. Do you believe that Jesus was who he says he was?  That is who I believe Jesus is. I have said that repeatedly, you just don't want to hear it. Jesus said what he meant and meant what he said. You won't say that either.  What about it, dancing dude? Afraid to say you believe Jesus? The question still stands. It is not who you say Jesus was, EZ, the question is: Do you believe that Jesus was who he said he was?   And who does he say he is? Really now?? Unambigously? Quote chapter and verse, and look at those quotes IN CONTEXT.
Read the gospels. If you don't understand what he says, ask and I will give you my input on any questions you may have. To cut and paste scriptural quotes here when they are readily available for all who wish to read them seems like a disingenuous request on your part and tremendous waste of time on mine. I posed the question to people who have claimed to have studied the Gospels. I trust their word that they have and I take for granted that understand what they have read. If you have not read the Gospels, then I hope you read them because they are very enlightening, if you have read them, then why ask me what Jesus said if you have already read it?   Yes, I have read the gospels. I have read several different interpreations of what the certain key phrases can be translated as. Is it disingenious ??  For example, I had a discussion with Bassman about the 'Before abraham, I am' phrase. I pointed out that from the Greek, the phrase 'Before abraham (in priority) I am . (or I will be greater than abraham) is a valid translation from the Greek, and all I got from him is 'That is not how it is translated by the biblical scholars', and when I showed him it was by some people, he cried 'Heresy', and repeated his claim that is not how it is translated.  He did not look at context, he did not back up his claim in any manner or form, but just whined and complained that it didn't meet his viewpoint.  So, where does Jesus say who he was, and what did he say who he was. Was it unambigious? What is the context, in both scripture and from a social point of view from 1st century Juddah?  Are you avoiding the question too?
damn!! what the heck happened here?? i missed this forum for 2 days and this thread becomes completely mangled  easyrider, pooh bear, orion, johnson, trebor, howard, or anybody else interested in this topic: do you guys have a concise definition of God that you would like to share?
trebor:  I address any question that can be dealt intelligently in this type of format. Since you bring up John 8:58: (Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.). I will address it. This should also help to get things back on topic. As for unkerpaulie's offer, I have already given him a concept of God. It is the God of Moses and the God of Abraham as verbalized in Exodus 3: "hayah hayah." It is almost always translated as I AM THAT I AM. However, anyone familiar with ancient Hebrew knows that "hayah" does not translate as a specific tense (present past or future). It is used often to connote all three tenses depending on the usage. The word usage almost has to be poetic or metaphoric and a valid rendering is I AM, WAS AND SHALL BE WHAT IS, WAS AND WILL BE. I brought this understanding to the attention of this thread and was danced around. I submit it again. I AM, WAS, AND SHALL BE WHAT IS, WAS, AND WILL BE.  As far as John 8:58, It is clear that the comma placed after the word "was" in the phrase "Before Abraham was, I am", was put in by the translator and it is my contention that this clouds Jesus' meaning. The Greek we have is rendered from the Aramaic and ancient Hebrew that Jesus spoke. What Jesus said (even from the Greek) is "Before Abraham was I AM". Sort of like "Before Moses was Abraham." He was not referring to himself personally. He was referring to the name of God that was given to Moses in Exodus 3.  What question? To identify and expand on every verse ion the Gospels in which Jesus speaks of who he is? I believe he meant all of them. I will gladly answer any question you have about any specific verse, but for me to write a hundred page dissertation on each and every word that Jesus spoke that reflected on who he was is not a reasonable request in this forum. It is difficult enough to address a single verse. But please, ask about any verse, in as much depth as you care to. It only helps me clarify my understanding and separate the wheat (accurate understandings I have) from the shaft (the inaccurate ones).   YOu seem to be insisting that it was from Exodus 3. However, let's look it IN CONTEXT.   What do we see the pattern of what attributed to Jeus  Starting a John 5:18, he is saying the Father is greater than the son. The god is greater than the son. All the honor goes to the father. He is talking PRIORITY .. THe father is before the son.  THen, all of a sudden, he would stitch gears and NOT talk priority? The phrase in Greek , isolated from anything else could mean either time or priority.  The surrounding passages he was saying how God is greater than he was. Why would he switch gears, and then say he was god?
After spending the past few days glued to the TV's coverage of Katrina, I began to wonder what all of the anti-Christians had to say about the fact that MOST of the help being given to Katrina victims is coming from CHRISTIAN ORGANIZATIONS. I've yet to see an atheist charity step up to the plate. What's the matter? Are only Christian organizations compassionate enough to lend a helping hand?  I guess just as there are no atheists in a foxhole, there aren't any atheists in charitiable organizations either. emoticon_rolleyes  I don't think the majority of people realize the red cross is a christian organization. I also don't believe there main mission is religious.  You seem to be attacking atheist, but then discount secular charity organizations like the united way. Why is that?
After spending the past few days glued to the TV's coverage of Katrina, I began to wonder what all of the anti-Christians had to say about the fact that MOST of the help being given to Katrina victims is coming from CHRISTIAN ORGANIZATIONS. I've yet to see an atheist charity step up to the plate. What's the matter? Are only Christian organizations compassionate enough to lend a helping hand?  I guess just as there are no atheists in a foxhole, there aren't any atheists in charitiable organizations either. emoticon_rolleyes  Atheism as a organization (if there is one) would find it difficult qualifying for not-for-profit tax free status enjoyed by wealthy Christian organizations. I once did a study on non-profits and religious principal salary/benefit levels would warm the heart of any capitalist, and in many cases make them very envious. All Christian organizations have a fixed percentage of donations raised for emergencies set aside for administrative, expansion and reserve purposes, all tax free. Disasters such as Katrina actually serve to build their financial strength and subsequent political clout.
Perhaps the "atheist" orginizations are already busy dealing with problems such as AIDs, poverty and other such horrible dangers in other parts of the world.   Otherwise, this is really just a pathetic way to insult non-Christians.
christianity cultivates a special skill in its leaders of appealing to people emotionally. its their survival tactic, so to speak. even if you had an athiest-run charitable organization, you'd probably use these tactics to get people to support it, and you'd quite likely hire a christian to do your marketing lol
With the vast majority of the population being Christian, it seems obvious that the vast majority of charities are Christian.  http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/us.html#People  Then there's the fact that, in the past, just about everyone in the US was a Christian. That's round about the time many of these organisations were set up, so logically they'll be Christian.  There's also the fact that non-Christian people give to Christian charities.  Finally, quantity of charities doesn't actually reflect the quantity of help given. For example, the Red Cross will be giving more than the Mennonite Disaster Service.  -Wez
There is also the fact that New Orleans is something of a primary constitunacy (did I spell that corectly?) to these Christian charaties. Next time there is a big earthquake here in San Francisco, I can gurrantee you all these charaties wont make nearly as big a deal about helping out.
Perhaps the "atheist" orginizations are already busy dealing with problems such as AIDs, poverty and other such horrible dangers in other parts of the world.   Otherwise, this is really just a pathetic way to insult non-Christians.  Exactly. More Christian conceit.  UNHCR UNICEF Doctors without Borders The Green Crecent The list goes on and on.
They speak of "intrinsic morality" not being religious-based, but don't display an ounce of it when push comes to shove. :xcensored  What a load of garbage.
Yes, because atheists love it when New Orleans gets drowned in water and thousands die. Hell, I know I'm throwing a party tonight, going to get my atheist friends over, and my pagan brothers to. Maybe a couple of beers, some dogs on the grill, all topped off with us ******* on a crucifex. emoticon_rolleyes   Grow up.
No one is saying that Christian orginizations arent doing a good job. More power to them. We're taking exception to the view that atheists want to see the people of New Orleans suffer. I myself have sent off a $150 check to the Red Cross. Would I do that if I hated the people who were suffering in that area right now?
Its probably GAY money you sent! emoticon_wow
Yeah, it passed through SF, that means it been contaminated and is therefore unsanitary for use by Christian extremists.
What I said was I don't see any atheist organizations stepping to the plate like the dozens of Christian charities are doing, nor do I see any atheists on this board acknowledging the good that the Christians are doing. All they do is bitch.  All you do is bitch. Soooooo.........?
JP, I'm losing an enormous amount of respect for you with every post you make in this thread.  Not only are you pounding on a very shaky generalization, but you're beating your chest and strutting about for all to see in a fit of righteous indignation because you've (and Christian organizations) donated some money to the hurricane relief.  It sickens me.   IIRC, this type of attitude was seriously frowned upon by Jesus himself on several occasions in the Bible.  The vast majority of the US population is Christian, and therefore the majority of charitable organizations are Christian. Is that so hard to figure out? People donate money, ATHEISTS TOO, THOSE BASTARDS, to whatever charity they feel is going to get the most out of their money.   What do want? A roll call of everyone here posting a tax receipt for their charitable donations so we can all whip them out and compare? What is this, the second grade?  Why you would feel the need to come on this board and point fingers while blowing your own horn is beyond me.   Waxy
I'm not discounting secular organizations. I'm discounting atheists. They **** and moan about the wicked Christians trying to run their lives but don't pony up when others need help. Christians lend a hand in spite of all their supposed wickedness, but atheists are typically a bunch of cheap windbags. They speak of "intrinsic morality" not being religious-based, but don't display an ounce of it when push comes to shove. :xcensored In another thread you said you'd try to stop with the generalisations. What happened? Can you provide a shred of evidence of how Christians give more per person?  Why would they "necessarily" be Christian organizations? Because most people are Christian.  The reason is because Christianity teaches and promotes charity towards others and Christians put their money where their mouths are. Why don't churches sell all their gold then? What possible benefit does it bring them? Why not sell it all? God sees no value for money in his kingdom, so why do churches insist on storing it?  As you stated above, the majority would be Christians. I can't think of too many philantropic atheists, can you? Red Cross?  It's an issue because I always see negative posts about Christians and Christianity coming from the atheists on this forum but they remain damn silent when Christian organizations step up and help out everyone who needs help. People tend to bash stupid Christians such as Chic and co, rather than Christianity as a whole. Those who bash Christianity as a whole are XXXXXX. Just like those who bash non-religious people as a whole.  What I said was I don't see any atheist organizations stepping to the plate like the dozens of Christian charities are doing As I said, quantity of charities isn't directly proportional to quantity of help. The Red Cross, yet again, does more than dozens off smaller charities put together.  It's real easy for them to complain about Christianity but they're not to be found when it comes to acknowledging the good that Christian organizations do.  People acknowledge Christian charities do good. Where is there a single post saying something to the contrary?  -Wez
I had an epiphany. :)   Might I suggest that you do a quick search of this forum. Pay particular attention to the anti-Christian Gay Forum.   JP - you are big time generalizing.  Just becuase one disagrees with one action of Christianity does not mean that they don't recognize the good of another action.  The gay rights forum is a forum about gay rights. Christianity opposes gay rights. Of course they are gonna get reamed there.  If it were a forum about the good works of the church it would be different.  I recognize the charity of many Christian organizations and the committment to education. I EVEN attended a Catholic University.  However, when it comes to reproductive issues and gay rights the church is gonna get it square in the teeth from me. That does not make me "anti-Christian", it just means I am in favor of things that the church isn't.
Difficult to do, but tell me how many atheists that you know tithe? emoticon_rolleyes  None, seeing as tithing generally means giving money to the clergy/church.  I don't know of any churches that speculate in precious metals, so I can't answer that.  Making it simple: Why doesn't the RC church sell all its gold and use the money to help the poor?  The Red Cross is an atheist organization?! emoticon_wow I guess that I didn't get the memo. :)  The [British] Red cross website has no matches for the words: "God", "Christian" or "religion". The American one has matches, but not in relation to the Red Cross's beliefs. Have you got evidence it's Christian?  Might I suggest that you do a quick search of this forum. Pay particular attention to the anti-Christian Gay Forum.  That's another generalisation. Why do you make them? I won't just pick on you though. This is another stupid generalisation: Christianity opposes gay rights".  You keep bringing up the Red Cross. The majority of donators to the Red Cross are most likely Christians as well, so what's your point? emoticon_confused But is the Red Cross Christian? Obviously most contributors are Christian. That's obvious as most Americans are Christian.   This forum is replete with Christian bashers. You'd have to be blind to not see that and an essential part of Christian doctrine IS charity. So, when they bash Christianity, they also bash the good that Christians do. That makes no sense.  If someone criticises, for example, the Church's stance on abortion, it doesn't mean that the person is criticising the church's charity. Someone who just insults the Church in general, or gays in general, should just be ignored.  -Wez
Atheist is a catch all phrase that Christian conservatives use for everyone not a Christian conservative.  It is quite a typical generalization.  Oh yeah, Doctors without Borders. I believe they won the Nobel Peace Prize.
I found this article on the Internet and would like to hear what others think about it.  Religion a "Psychological Disease" Say Experts   LONDON (AP) ~ According to the Royal College of Abnormal Psychology, based in London, England, religion as we know it is actually more of a disease than an organization.  "When you look at the various aspects of religion, you find that psychoses actually play a very large part," stated Prof. Dawnette Vancurenko, a practicing psychologist and long time member of the College.  "For instance, irrational belief, which is usually associated with conditions like schizophrenia, is actually one of the primary ingredients of mental illness," she continued. "It is a pervasive pathogen that finds its home in all religions."  Belief is an emotional acceptance of a proposition, statement or doctrine, according to the College's own definition. "Much of humanity's beliefs are the result of prolonged and incessant indoctrination during their formative years, generally recognized as being the first four to five years of life."  "Intimidation and peer-pressure exert an "I must believe" ethic that soon becomes commonplace. A conceptual system is then created that will describe the actions an individual may or may not be permitted to perform."  "The process is augmented by another psychological factor, that of paranoia, a functional disorder in which the symptoms of delusions of grandeur and persecution are manifest. The delusions develop insidiously and become knit together into a rational and coherent set of beliefs that are internally consistent, and, once the initial set of assumptions is accepted, compelling and vigorously defensible."  "In the old days, voices in the head were referred to as 'Revealed Knowledge,'" remarked Vancurenko. "Today we call them schizophrenia or multiple personality disorder."  "Fortunately, most modern prophets are on medication," she said.
 OH BRUTHA!! Where did this load of fertilizer come from?   That article brings up a good point if Jesus or a prophet such as Mohammad was to appear today what would happen to them ?  They would probably be locked up in a nice padded cell, and they would be given all sorts of drugs to stop those voices that reveal divine knowledge to them.
That article brings up a good point if Jesus or a prophet such as Mohammad was to appear today what would happen to them ?  They would probably be locked up in a nice padded cell, and they would be given all sorts of drugs to stop those voices that reveal divine knowledge to them. I am curious if there are people out there today claiming to be the messiah, and do they have followers? Has anyone heard of such a thing?
Unfortunately, our "enlightened" society today has caused us to have blind hearts.  Honestly though Bassman if a long haired person with a beard came up to you and claimed he was the son of God what whould you do ?  A) Call the police to take the crazy man away B) Ignore him, and go on your way C) Get down on your knees and worship him
If I were following the prophets all along, and had a heart toward God, then I would know that messiah has come.  That is such a cop out answer. I for one would loveto hear you answer this question...not only because I work in mental health, but because it is such an intriging question.....if a long haried, bearded man came up to you on the street and claimed he was the messiah, would you follow him? WOuld you call the police? What would you reaction be? Have ya seen the movie with George Burns called "Oh God"?
It is also worth mentioning that the current DSM IV has a diagnosis for religious addiction....The symptoms do resemble some of what the first post is talking about, although it more refers to people who actually "get high" off of religion. WHich yes, folks, if you can get addicted to internet porn, drugs and tv, religion can become an addiction too! I believe it is rare, but it does happen. People have lost jobs, spouses and lives do to addictions to "jesus".
People have lost lives being addicted to gay anal sex. Maybe that should be in the DSM IV.  and this is relevant ?  Back on topic  Of course Religion can be harmful, but there are studies out there that say people who have some sort of spirituality seem to have a better quality of life and those who don't.  If you guys give me some time I will see if I can dig up the Report. It might be relevant to the Topic at hand.  Please can we keep this on Topic. Pretty please with sugar on top.
People have lost lives being addicted to gay anal sex. Maybe that should be in the DSM IV.  I see your homophobia is showing. I guess this statement of hate cancels out your whole guide of love the sinner hate the sin...Obviously there is more to it with you.....No wonder I see you as hate filled....you are!
and this is relevant ?  Back on topic  Of course Religion can be harmful, but there are studies out there that say people who have some sort of spirituality seem to have a better quality of life and those who don't.  If you guys give me some time I will see if I can dig up the Report. It might be relevant to the Topic at hand.  Please can we keep this on Topic. Pretty please with sugar on top.   It isn't relevant to this topic. Everytime the topic of religion as harmful has come up on this board somebody (you this time) wants to show how lovely it has been for some people. I agree with you....so does everyone else. But that doesn't discount the fact that is has been an addiction and psychotic for others......I appreciate what you are saying, but the point of this thread isn't how religion is good, but when it is bad......can you come up with those numbers?
Is there a better way to phrase it so you don't go off spitting your invectives yourself? Maybe, "Joe, now you know tens of thousands of gay men are dying of AIDS due to homosexual sex." And still a great many of them fail to use condoms even after they've been counseled.   It's really hard getting through to you folks, brummer. How many gay deaths is it going to take before gays start recognizing it's not godly religious beliefs that destroy lives, but the abrogation of those beliefs, including supporting gay sex.   gay sex is not the cause of AIDS....HIV is the cause of AIDS. HIV is spread through promiscous behavior.......heterosexuals are just as risky as gays.......as have just as much chance of being infected.....how many deaths will it take for you to realize this.....people have known for a decade that HIV is not a gay disease....where you been?
The DSM IV has reduced mental health treatment to what can be billed and every poster on this forum could qualify as having half a dozen disorders from it. I agree with much of what you say most of the time Joe, but please don't bring up this kind of stuff knowing most people aren't going to know what you're talking about so you can explain what the DSM is and feel smart.   It is not about feeling smart. I do not need to make those kind of satement. My self-esteem isn't in question. The point is that this is a recognized disorder. NOt everything in the DSM is billable....many of the codes are not billable...it is about what is recognozed as a disorder and what is jusy rubbish.
EZ- Look we can discuss this, but can we please discuss this somewhere else? Does every thread have to be about gays and lesbians?   really! it gets old! I am gay, it is a piece of my life, not my whole life...EZ only made those statements as an attack..a very christian thing to do...(another attack, yes, I bite back)
This "religious disorder" is just another attempt by the politically correct to try to kick god out of society, so they can be their own gods and engage in whatever kind of sin they choose without having to have their consciences pricked.  Tell that to those who have the disorder....who have lost jobs because the wouldn't stop trying to convert coworkers in the lunch room....when anything has become a blocker to your normal survival...it is an addiction....when you crave the high you get from "witnessing" so much that you are willing to lose your loife over it....you are an addict....
If this is a disorder then I'm a monkey's uncle. Let me tell you. Some of the most level-headed people that I know are Bible-beleiving eevangelicals (my pastor, for one) who have real struggles and real problems just like everyone else. The difference, and it's a BIG one, is that our lives are much more managable.   Oh?? Your sister must have married a very interesting person then.  And I would like to see hard evidence that 'Bible beleiving evangalistics" have more managable lives.. that certainly is a big claim.. and I bet there is not objective evidence for it.
If this is a disorder then I'm a monkey's uncle. Let me tell you. Some of the most level-headed people that I know are Bible-beleiving eevangelicals (my pastor, for one) who have real struggles and real problems just like everyone else. The difference, and it's a BIG one, is that our lives are much more managable.   well they do not seem to have a religious addiction, they just sound like people of faith. There is a difference. Stop being so offended and look at what is before youl....the facts....some people just drink others are alcoholics....some people play the lottery, other have a gambling problem...some people are just religious...others are getting high off "god" to an extent it isn't healthy. Maybe they are using god as a way to distract from the real issues in there life.....or whatever the case may be...but don't deny that it happens. When science knows it does!
And as I said before, science is extremely flawed, and it is your idol.   And the bible is your idol.
OK, Bassman Let us look at this in more simple terms and scenarios.....  If a person is about to be fired, divorced and evicted all because he will not stop talking about his religion....is this not an addiction? Lets look at the simple part of the addiction  He cannot seem to control it  He doesn't seem to care if it is controlled or not.  He is willing to lose everything to continue his religious behavior?   Sounds like addiction to me.....Now tell me what you think of the scenario...
It isn't relevant to this topic. Everytime the topic of religion as harmful has come up on this board somebody (you this time) wants to show how lovely it has been for some people. I agree with you....so does everyone else. But that doesn't discount the fact that is has been an addiction and psychotic for others......I appreciate what you are saying, but the point of this thread isn't how religion is good, but when it is bad......can you come up with those numbers?   The relevant comment was directed to EZ, who brought up a ridiculous statement that was not relevant to the Topic at hand.  I have no reason to defend Religion, I am an Atheist. I am sure the positive effects of Religion(or more broadly spirituality) come from solace it gives to people in troubled times. I think the report(if I find it) will help to balance the debate slightly .  I wonder if you will give me some more time to dig up the report, I am trying to find the actual Academic Paper rather than post from a biased source such as Evangelical Website.  I found this link, I will try to find the study behind it http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/401091.stm   In regards to mental health which is more relevant to this thread, the BBC article states  In addition, lower levels of depression are known to have a wider health benefit.  In addition, religion provides a coping mechanism for stressful events or physical illness.  Devout worshippers are far less likely to fall back on harmful habits such as drinking or smoking.  Dr Koenig said: "Such positive feelings may counteract stress and convey health effects, like enhanced immune function, that go far beyond the prevention of depression and other negative emotions."    I still want to find the study, it is hard to analyse their results from a news story.
If this is a disorder then I'm a monkey's uncle. Let me tell you. Some of the most level-headed people that I know are Bible-beleiving eevangelicalsYou are mistaken. Evangelicals are extremist nutters. It is not possible to be a level-headed extremist nutter. There are no level-headed evangelicals.
 It's really hard getting through to you folks, brummer. How many gay deaths is it going to take before gays start recognizing it's not godly religious beliefs that destroy lives, but the abrogation of those beliefs, including supporting gay sex.   As compared to this Perpetrated in the name of Jesus.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_Inquisition By the churches own estimate "31,912 people were executed from 1480-1808." or poor Giordano Bruno http://www.ronaldbrucemeyer.com/rants/0217almanac.htm his crime was that he thought the earth went around the sun. Is this your loving chritian church  Lets go closer to home http://www.salemweb.com/guide/witches.shtml All of the above happen when the church is mixed with the government. The salem witch trials were closer in history to our founding fathers then the civil war is to us. They knew the dangers of mixing government and religion. Religion kills people dead.  Now EZ if you study history you know that religion can be good and bad. What I see comming, if the evangelicals have their way and the war against my people continues, are the 21st century version of the salem witch trials. Only this time, instead of witches, it will be the GLBT people who are hanged and executed. All in the name of Jesus and you wonder why GBLT have something against the church.
And as I said before, science is extremely flawed, and it is your idol.Then you have been wrong before, as well as being wrong this time. If you stopped saying it, you could stop being wrong. It's a remarkably simple concept.
If you're referring to a person sharing his faith, then what's the beef?   In an inappropriate venue.. to people who don't want to hear, and have expressed a strong opinion to him that he is harrassing them..   Or, lets just say this person is a Muslim, and the person who he is sharing his faith with non-stop is you?
Religion a "Psychological Disease" Say Experts   LONDON (AP) ~ According to the Royal College of Abnormal Psychology, based in London, England, religion as we know it is actually more of a disease than an organization.  "When you look at the various aspects of religion, you find that psychoses actually play a very large part," stated Prof. Dawnette Vancurenko, a practicing psychologist and long time member of the College..... As much as I tend to agree with what the article suggests, I cannot find a website for any Royal College of Abnormal Psychology anywhere in England nor can I find in news stories, AP or otherwise, that mention Dawnette Vancurenko. IMO, this article is cleverly disguised satire.....
I understand your point here, but would you say the same thing about other beliefs that are strongly committed to? Would you say the same thing about someone who was just as devoted to gay rights? Yes, if someone is using their devotion to gay rights as an escape from reality. That too, could be an addiction.....but back to religion as a "psychological Disaese" or addiction....here are some talking points on the subject....  Some people can be so preoccupied with religion and its rites that, as with other addictions, they are unaware of events going on around them. They will hear no talk which threatens their addiction.   As with work, religious addiction can be difficult to pinpoint because devotion to religion is worthy - so using it as a cover for compulsive behaviours is very effective. It is a classic case of the right words excusing the wrong actions. It is perhaps not insignificant that some family trees show a generation of religious addiction, the following generation of alcoholism, the following of religious addiction, the following of alcoholism and so on.   Religion can be used as a cover for compulsive order, control and a feeling of power, for forced suppression of feelings, and as an excuse to govern the words and acts of others.  It can also allow the sufferer to feel safe, through justification, from the consequences of their own actions. As with all addictions, it allows the addict to avoid dealing with reality. The following indications of religious addiction I have compiled from a number of sources:   Do you find that, when you are faced with problems or frustrations, you tend to pray or read/recite the Bible/Talmud/Koran instead of taking an objective look at the problem and building a constructive response to it?  Have you changed your value system when you felt it your religious duty to do so? Have you put religion before your feelings and/or your children's feelings?  Are you unable to doubt or question religious information and/or authority?  Do you see things as black or white, good or bad?  Do you think that God/Allah will fix you/do it all without serious work on your part?  Do you have a rigid adherence to rules, codes, ethics or guidelines? Do you often use the words "should" or "must"?  Do you readily pass judgment? Are you ready to find fault or evil?  Do you believe that sex is dirty and/or that physical pleasures are evil?  Do you compulsively overeat or excessively fast?  Do you put religion before science, medicine and/or education?  Have you alienated any family member, friend or colleague with your religious stance?  Have you cut back on social, family, work or other activities for your religion?  Do you suffer from back pains, sleeplessness, headaches, hypertension?  Do you manipulate scriptures or texts to justify your actions, feel specially chosen, or claim to receive messages from God/Allah?  Do you get into "high" trance-like states?  If you answer "yes" to only a few of these, you need to look at how you are using religion to suppress your feelings and to avoid dealing with reality.  http://www.arfanswers.org/answers2.html  The few research studies aforementioned seem to suggest that religious people develop a dependency on religious practices for social approval. Since religious people seem to be describable in terms of relatively high levels of dependence, it seems useful to borrow a concept suggested by Peele and Brodsky (1975)- that of "addiction." According to these writers addiction is "a person's attachment to a sensation, an object, or another person... such as to lessen his appreciation of and ability to deal with other things in his environment, or in himself, so that he has become increasingly dependent on that experience as his only source of gratification" (p. 168).  There are a variety of definitions for the concept of religious addiction. Arterburn and Felton (1992) state that "when a person is excessively devoted to something or surrenders compulsively and habitually to something, that pathological and physiological dependency on a substance, relationship, or behavior results in addiction" (p. 104). They indicate that, "like any other addiction, the practice of religion becomes central to every other aspect of life...all relationships evolve from the religion, and the dependency on the religious practice and its members removes the need for a dependency on God...the religion and those who practice it then become the central power for the addict who no longer is in touch with God" (p. 117). http://www.a1articles.com/article_9105_51.html  Despite the growing research concerning religiouscults, research specifically concerning religiousaddiction among members of traditional ChristianChurches is lacking. Clark (1983) reports that, "weare reticent, as a culture, to criticize anythingcalled religion" (p. 279). The aim of this literaturereview was to: 1) help mental health professionalsimprove diagnostic assessments when religious addictionand other psychoreligious problems are involved; 2)reduce iatrogenic harm from the misdiagnosis ofreligious addiction and psychoreligious problems; 3)improve the treatment of such problems by stimulatingclinical research; and 4) encourage clinical trainingcenters to address the religious and spiritualdimensions of human existence http://www.bookpump.com/dps/pdf-b/1122101b.pdf
Yes, if someone is using their devotion to gay rights as an escape from reality. That too, could be an addiction.....but back to religion as a "psychological Disaese" or addiction....here are some talking points on the subject....  Some people can be so preoccupied with religion and its rites that, as with other addictions, they are unaware of events going on around them. They will hear no talk which threatens their addiction.   As with work, religious addiction can be difficult to pinpoint because devotion to religion is worthy - so using it as a cover for compulsive behaviours is very effective. It is a classic case of the right words excusing the wrong actions. It is perhaps not insignificant that some family trees show a generation of religious addiction, the following generation of alcoholism, the following of religious addiction, the following of alcoholism and so on.   Religion can be used as a cover for compulsive order, control and a feeling of power, for forced suppression of feelings, and as an excuse to govern the words and acts of others.  It can also allow the sufferer to feel safe, through justification, from the consequences of their own actions. As with all addictions, it allows the addict to avoid dealing with reality. The following indications of religious addiction I have compiled from a number of sources:   Do you find that, when you are faced with problems or frustrations, you tend to pray or read/recite the Bible/Talmud/Koran instead of taking an objective look at the problem and building a constructive response to it?  Have you changed your value system when you felt it your religious duty to do so? Have you put religion before your feelings and/or your children's feelings?  Are you unable to doubt or question religious information and/or authority?  Do you see things as black or white, good or bad?  Do you think that God/Allah will fix you/do it all without serious work on your part?  Do you have a rigid adherence to rules, codes, ethics or guidelines? Do you often use the words "should" or "must"?  Do you readily pass judgment? Are you ready to find fault or evil?  Do you believe that sex is dirty and/or that physical pleasures are evil?  Do you compulsively overeat or excessively fast?  Do you put religion before science, medicine and/or education?  Have you alienated any family member, friend or colleague with your religious stance?  Have you cut back on social, family, work or other activities for your religion?  Do you suffer from back pains, sleeplessness, headaches, hypertension?  Do you manipulate scriptures or texts to justify your actions, feel specially chosen, or claim to receive messages from God/Allah?  Do you get into "high" trance-like states?  If you answer "yes" to only a few of these, you need to look at how you are using religion to suppress your feelings and to avoid dealing with reality.  http://www.arfanswers.org/answers2.html  The few research studies aforementioned seem to suggest that religious people develop a dependency on religious practices for social approval. Since religious people seem to be describable in terms of relatively high levels of dependence, it seems useful to borrow a concept suggested by Peele and Brodsky (1975)- that of "addiction." According to these writers addiction is "a person's attachment to a sensation, an object, or another person... such as to lessen his appreciation of and ability to deal with other things in his environment, or in himself, so that he has become increasingly dependent on that experience as his only source of gratification" (p. 168).  There are a variety of definitions for the concept of religious addiction. Arterburn and Felton (1992) state that "when a person is excessively devoted to something or surrenders compulsively and habitually to something, that pathological and physiological dependency on a substance, relationship, or behavior results in addiction" (p. 104). They indicate that, "like any other addiction, the practice of religion becomes central to every other aspect of life...all relationships evolve from the religion, and the dependency on the religious practice and its members removes the need for a dependency on God...the religion and those who practice it then become the central power for the addict who no longer is in touch with God" (p. 117). http://www.a1articles.com/article_9105_51.html  Despite the growing research concerning religiouscults, research specifically concerning religiousaddiction among members of traditional ChristianChurches is lacking. Clark (1983) reports that, "weare reticent, as a culture, to criticize anythingcalled religion" (p. 279). The aim of this literaturereview was to: 1) help mental health professionalsimprove diagnostic assessments when religious addictionand other psychoreligious problems are involved; 2)reduce iatrogenic harm from the misdiagnosis ofreligious addiction and psychoreligious problems; 3)improve the treatment of such problems by stimulatingclinical research; and 4) encourage clinical trainingcenters to address the religious and spiritualdimensions of human existence http://www.bookpump.com/dps/pdf-b/1122101b.pdf   Dang, a lot of that sounds like the right wing of the republican party. And a lot of the 'right wing' talk radio hosts.
Hey EZ, I think Clive's definition of a Christian is one who has no backbone and claims to be a believer (anyone we know?)    It seems to me that you and Ez spend most of your time on this board judging others and whether or not they are Christian enough for your liking that your are far from real christians yourself......  I do not feel a real christian following the teachings of christ, would judge others "backbone" nor would real christians condone these bullying tactics. The only reason you made this comment bassman is to feel buddy buddy with Ez and to make fun of someone else....yes, that is sooo christian. Or more hypocrite.
 The difference here is real Christians are born-again, believe the Bible, live the life, and yes, are not linguini-spined modernists who attempt to reshape the Word of God to their personal policy preferences, or disregard the Bible altogether.   Do I see a no true Scotsman fallacy ?  Basically a true Christain is someone who agrees with you I guess.
If this is a disorder then I'm a monkey's uncle. Let me tell you. Some of the most level-headed people that I know are Bible-beleiving eevangelicals (my pastor, for one) who have real struggles and real problems just like everyone else. The difference, and it's a BIG one, is that our lives are much more managable. Not in all cases, not sure whether you have heard of Horizon (science program over here, might have another name there) or temperal lobe epilepsy but they did a program about it that was quite interesting. When you have a fit people tend to see a bright light and then have a religious vision. They found people suffering from this disease on further investigation also physiological reacted to religious words the same way as most people react to sexual ones (with regards to pupils, heart rate etc). It was assumed that this part of the brain deals with abstract things and predicition - i.e religion could have evolved out of the part of the brain used for imagining tigers could be hiding somewhere being exposed to unusual things (radiation or hallucinogens and suchlike).  Knowing which section of the brain is then triggered when they have their fits, a team of engineers built a 'God-helmet' which stimulated the part of the brain with EM radiation (think it was radio waves). Whilst it didn't trigger religious visions (they didn't try it with sufferers of temporal lobe epilepsy) in normal people it gave them the impression of a invisable presense in the room with them, something that even Richard Dawkins could feel when he tried it on.  Got crazier later on when they used the technology to 'exorcise' a demon from a girl who kept having horrific nightmares of being raped by the devil - it turned out in the end her radio clock was emitting the same frequences as the helmet did.  It could still be argued that this has no bearing on whether or not God exists or whether we are just on the edge of discovering how he communicates with people - whatever your views, its really worth having a look into.
The difference here is real Christians are born-again, believe the Bible, live the life, and yes, are not linguini-spined modernists who attempt to reshape the Word of God to their personal policy preferences, or disregard the Bible altogether.   Yada-yada yada, So you are going to admit that your post about the backbone was wrong and unchristian? Figures!
<flush<  I think you have a screwball outlook on things, Clive.  Consider now, some memorable quotes from EZ...  I am a voice of one crying in the cyber-wilderness, saying "Come out of Sodom, come out of Gomorrah...flee from the coming wrath."  Our fight is not against flesh and blood, but against the principalities and powers of the darkness of this age. In other words, I'm also fighting against Satanic influences here.
Oh please...ez, come out of sodom...come out of gomorah......how about come out of the dark ages and welcome to 2005.  Gay people are nothing like you potray them to be.....
Why does science scare you EZ? Is it that bad for people to find things out for themselves rather than being told what to do my a bronze age goatherder?  You claim the science is on your side in backing up your claims that the Bible is the word of God and yet anything else is clearly wrong. Surely if part of part of science can be wrong why can't the others also be?
Sadly not, mines just Molecular Genetics in Biotechnology, never saw the just plain 'Science' option.  We aren't talking about the supernatural, we are talking about the proofs that get trotted out to show that the Bible is not just a bunch of stories written by people a long time ago - copy fidelity and suchlike.
Think evidence, vs. proof. That's how ancient history usually works.  well, lets see, 99.9999999999999999999 percent probablity, and it isn't good enough for you.
Its just you don't seem to be very even handed when judging evidence - on one hand you happily accept anything that agrees with the Bible, even if there is a lot of dubiousity around it whilst if something disagrees with an aspect of your beliefs you just tend to disregard it automatically.   The OP here isn't saying religion is bad, nor is the study, its just it can be like OCD and small actions but for behaviours linked to religion. In this case its not religion which has caused the problems but the patients inability to apply them appropiately.
Now you're getting stupid there, Treb   YOu are right. When it comes to the ancient stories.. it is not a matter of evidence showing that it is true... it is falsifing it.   Since genesis is, as history is falsitiable, it has been falsified. The world was not created in 6 days.. Eve was not created from Adams rib. . and plants were not created before sun.  That makes the probablity of that story being literal absolutely 0.
Trebor, I've noticed that you tend to use your head too much, and your heart not enough. When you try to over-analyze and justify a doctrinal stance that is contrary to the literal translation of the Pentateuch, then you're headed for a world of trouble. BTW, you have a PM coming.   Yes, I do use my head. But , myhead and my heart are in sync. I don't see abandoning reason for the sake of wishful thinking.
Science doesn't scare me a bit, Fish. I've even got a degree in it.  You have a degree in 'science'? Could you please elaborate on this a bit? I ask only because I'm puzzled as to the curricula involved in getting a degree in 'science'. This is in addition to your 'advanced degree' in theology?   If I recall correctly, you once mentioned that you took a course in 'Christian psychology' wherein you witnessed an exorcism. Was that part of your science education? Is this where you also learned about demons, demonic possession, and Satanic influences?  Perhaps you could see fit to present us with your CV (curriculum vitae)?
Bassman and Easyrider make a pretty good case in support of the topic article.
I think you have a screwball outlook on things, Clive.You are entitled to your opinion.
Think evidence, vs. proof. That's how ancient history usually works.  What? Assuming this statement could be interpreted as meaning something, it would certainly be news to any professional Ancient Historian. Or are you claiming to have a degree in Ancient History too?
The problems that unbelievers have is they tend to use their heads too much. There's nothing wrong with objective thought.  As long as it doesn't get so objective as to conclude that much of the Pentateuch is, if interpreted literally, inaccurate or contradictory. Then objective thought becomes bad. Is that it?  But when you over-analyze and incorperate biases into it, then there is problems.  Now, how much analysis is over-analysis? Presumably the long and tortuous 'analyses' by which evangelical writers try to resolve biblical contradictions are just hunky-dory; whereas trebor's very basic observation that plants could not exist before there was sunlight, or the observation that the creation accounts in Genesis 1 and 2 are in direct contradiction, counts as 'over-analysis'. Am I close?  Do you wonder that biblical literalists are so often regarded as anti-intellectual?
Bassman and Easyrider make a pretty good case in support of the topic article.  They make a case for fundamentalism being a psychological disease anyway...
I think your "psychological religious disease" is just another politically correct concoction from the radical liberals to try to put away in a rubber room anyone who might put forth the Word of God. So you heathens won't have your fragile consciences tweaked. Very subtle, but easy for the wise to see through your demented schemes.   So in essence you are saying that no one gets addicted to religion? If that is your claim it is seriously misguided considering there is proof and evidence that people do become addicted to religion. The fact that you would deny the existence of such a disorder leads me to believe you may have the disorder.
Careful Jo, Bassman may accuse you of thinking to much.
Careful Jo, Bassman may accuse you of thinking to much.   I would be happy if he did. I like that quality about me...I don't think you can ever think too much. Especially when it comes to your soul.
I would be happy if he did. I like that quality about me...I don't think you can ever think too much. Especially when it comes to your soul.  I'm sorry joebrummer, I was speaking to Jo Bennett's comment.  I guess I wasn't thinking to much when I posted it.  As far as joebrummer is concerned I think even though you think to much already I think you should go right ahead and continue to think to much as much as you want until you think it's to much thinking.
Nooo, I think we should conduct a pole, as cell death would call it, to determine whether or not joe brummer thinks too much. We can't leave it for just monster to decide.  I agree completely.  Deciding who thinks to much is way more responsibility than I should ever have. :-)
You people are missing the point (no, not in your heads). I'm saying that the heart (soul) is just as important as the mind.  I know. Why do you think I completely disregard the anti-gay rhetoric from you and EZ?
You people are missing the point (no, not in your heads). I'm saying that the heart (soul) is just as important as the mind. Your absolutely correct. I followed my heart and found love...with another guy....my head said it wasn't the right time in my life, but I followed my heart and well....the rest is a fairytale....no pun intended...
This is probably true, but it's more a sad reflection on today's society than the religion. IMO anyway. It's a fine line though, between judging Karamoz (spl) and accepting everything a crazy person assumes to be true.  I think its far safer to assume that people might have been crazy in the past than to assume that everything a homeless heroine adict says is absolute truth. Sadly you really only have the two reasonable choices unless you want to risk killing/medicating Jesus a second time
This is a refreshing note. Another one bites the dust!  http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/stories/1205/09atheist.html?cxntnid=amn120905e   Renowned atheist says he believes in God  Associated Press Published on: 12/09/05  NEW YORK - A British philosophy professor who has been a leading champion of atheism for more than a half-century has changed his mind. He now believes in God based on scientific evidence, and says so on a video released Thursday.   At age 81, after decades of insisting belief is a mistake, Antony Flew has concluded that some sort of intelligence or first cause must have created the universe. A super-intelligence is the only good explanation for the origin of life and the complexity of nature, Flew said in a telephone interview from England.   Flew said he's best labeled a deist like Thomas Jefferson, whose God was not actively involved in people's lives.   "I'm thinking of a God very different from the God of the Christian and far and away from the God of Islam, because both are depicted as omnipotent Oriental despots, cosmic Saddam Husseins," he said. "It could be a person in the sense of a being that has intelligence and a purpose, I suppose."   Flew first made his mark with the 1950 article "Theology and Falsification," based on a paper for the Socratic Club, a weekly Oxford religious forum led by writer and Christian thinker C.S. Lewis.   Over the years, Flew proclaimed the lack of evidence for God while teaching at Oxford, Aberdeen, Keele, and Reading universities in Britain, in visits to numerous U.S. and Canadian campuses and in books, articles, lectures and debates.   There was no one moment of change but a gradual conclusion over recent months for Flew, a spry man who still does not believe in an afterlife.   Yet biologists' investigation of DNA "has shown, by the almost unbelievable complexity of the arrangements which are needed to produce (life), that intelligence must have been involved," Flew says in the new video, "Has Science Discovered God?"   The video draws from a New York discussion last May organized by author Roy Abraham Varghese's Institute for Metascientific Research in Garland, Texas. Participants were Flew; Varghese; Israeli physicist Gerald Schroeder, an Orthodox Jew; and Roman Catholic philosopher John Haldane of Scotland's University of St. Andrews.   The first hint of Flew's turn was a letter to the August-September issue of Britain's Philosophy Now magazine. "It has become inordinately difficult even to begin to think about constructing a naturalistic theory of the evolution of that first reproducing organism," he wrote.   The letter commended arguments in Schroeder's "The Hidden Face of God" and "The Wonder of the World" by Varghese, an Eastern Rite Catholic layman.   This week, Flew finished writing the first formal account of his new outlook for the introduction to a new edition of his "God and Philosophy," scheduled for release next year by Prometheus Press.   Prometheus specializes in skeptical thought, but if his belief upsets people, well "that's too bad," Flew said. "My whole life has been guided by the principle of Plato's Socrates: Follow the evidence, wherever it leads."   Last week, Richard Carrier, a writer and Columbia University graduate student, posted new material based on correspondence with Flew on the atheistic www.infidels.org Web page. Carrier assured atheists that Flew accepts only a "minimal God" and believes in no afterlife.   Flew's "name and stature are big. Whenever you hear people talk about atheists, Flew always comes up," Carrier said. Still, when it comes to Flew's reversal, "apart from curiosity, I don't think it's like a big deal."   Flew told The Associated Press his current ideas have some similarity with American "intelligent design" theorists, who see evidence for a guiding force in the construction of the universe. He accepts Darwinian evolution but doubts it can explain the ultimate origins of life.   A Methodist minister's son, Flew became an atheist at 15.   Early in his career, he argued that no conceivable events could constitute proof against God for believers, so skeptics were right to wonder whether the concept of God meant anything at all.   Another landmark was his 1984 "The Presumption of Atheism," playing off the presumption of innocence in criminal law. Flew said the debate over God must begin by presuming atheism, putting the burden of proof on those arguing that God exists.   This is old news. He is more of a deist than anyting else. I guess he is going senile in his old age. His 'conversion' does not affect me at all.  Here is a link about it  http://www.secweb.org/asset.asp?AssetID=369
This is a refreshing note. Another one bites the dust!  Renowned atheist says he believes in God   Why would someone else's religious beliefs refresh you? And as for his "conversion", he is still utterly convinced that your God doesn't exist. He does not believe in a diety that intervenes in human affairs, or in an afterlife. He's entertaining the idea that someone/something created the universe, and then hasn't done anything since. His notion of a God is so utterly removed from yours that I can't imagine why you consider his "conversion" a victory.
Why would someone else's religious beliefs refresh you? And as for his "conversion", he is still utterly convinced that your God doesn't exist. He does not believe in a diety that intervenes in human affairs, or in an afterlife. He's entertaining the idea that someone/something created the universe, and then hasn't done anything since. His notion of a God is so utterly removed from yours that I can't imagine why you consider his "conversion" a victory.   He has also admitted his 'conversion' came because of a lack of knowledge when it comes to certain biological concepts, and that he was mislead about the current state of knowledge about it. He also admits he is does not have the energy to investicate it further himself.
 I'm not sure what your think my God is, but I will say that I do not hold all the beliefs of a staunch Baptist. I suppose the closest quick descriptor would be that of a clockmaker God..one who started all this mess and sits back to watch it happen...   You are a Christian, aren't you? You believe in an afterlife, and divinity of Jesus, personal salvation, things like that? If so then you are miles from Flew's position.
A blind faith in a particular religion's God seems rather different than a decision based upon reasoning and scientific theory that the existance of a 'first cause' ala 'God' is preferable to an infitie universe within multiverse within multiverse...  You can have scientists (and supporters of science) who believe in a f'irst cause' and describe it as 'god' and others who consider the infinite multiverses concept more plausible.  I don't consider changing of one's position between these two camps to be anything of particular note...
http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/09/opinion/09gumucio.html  December 9, 2005 Op-Ed Contributor Señora Presidente?  By RAFAEL GUMUCIO Santiago, Chile CHILE is one of the more conservative countries on a continent that is not especially renowned as tolerant, forward thinking or democratically minded. Divorce was legalized here just last year, and abortion continues to be a taboo subject even for the most progressive of politicians. Our social codes and racial prejudices are deeply engrained. We are an overwhelmingly Catholic country with a history that has been marked - and continues to be marked - by the power of its military.  Given this context, it is nothing short of extraordinary - even revolutionary - that the clear front-runner in the presidential vote being held on Sunday is Michelle Bachelet, a divorced mother of three who is an atheist and a member of the Socialist Party.   Polls show Ms. Bachelet, a former defense minister, far ahead of her rivals, Sebastián Piñera, one of Chile's wealthiest businessmen; Joaquín Lavín, the ultraconservative former mayor of Santiago; and Tomás Hirsch of the Communist Party. Although a runoff is likely, the prevailing opinion here is that Ms. Bachelet will be the ultimate winner.   If she is, she will be the first woman in the Americas to be elected president not because she was a wife of a famous politician, but because of her own record. That this is a probability is even more astonishing when one considers that nothing like it has occurred in countries like the United States or France, where the democratic tradition is far more stable and feminism's impact presumably far greater. Curiously, American television is now running a series that revolves around the "novel" idea of a female president. What is fiction in the United States may well become reality in Chile.   The twist is that the Chilean candidate is a far more interesting character than the female president portrayed on American TV: as defense minister, Ms. Bachelet oversaw the successors and subordinates of the men who killed her father and tortured her and her mother during the darkest moments of the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.   How has this happened? Chile, more than ever, is proving itself to be the polar opposite of Lampedusa's Sicily: in order for things to change, they have to stay the same - or rather, they have to look as if they are staying the same.   That is the best way I can describe the spirit with which the country seems to be anticipating the elections: people are aware that no matter what the outcome an unprecedented cultural, political and social revolution is taking place. And at the same time, they seem surprisingly unfazed by it all, observing these sweeping changes with ease, aplomb, even delight.  Perhaps this is because Chileans have by now grown accustomed to wild fluctuations in the country's political fortunes. This past year, the Chilean people saw rightist leaders - until recently General Pinochet's staunchest allies - renouncing all ties to him. General Pinochet is now under house arrest, held not only on human rights charges but also for his alleged role in a financial scandal involving millions of stolen dollars.  In countless other ways, the Pandora's box of Chilean politics has been flung wide open: nowadays it isn't at all strange to see an ultraconservative Catholic candidate signing his name on a transvestite's legs as a publicity stunt, nor is it odd to hear Ms. Bachelet talk about how hard it is to find Mr. Right.  For decades, even centuries, Chilean politics have largely been of the old-boy's-network variety, in which an all-male group of power brokers have run things on their own terms, within a select inner circle, forging alliances with one another and making deals with the press behind closed doors, far removed from the citizenry they represent.   Change in Chile has come at a breakneck pace in recent years, as justice is finally being delivered to dozens of dictatorship-era cronies, and the pillars of the church and the political elite have been shaken to their foundations by a wave of pedophilia scandals involving both.  The changes are abrupt and the contradictions are evident. Thanks to the country's growing economy, Chileans have access to more creature comforts than ever before, and yet prosperity somehow hasn't dulled their sensibilities: the populace that benefits from free-market economics also turned out in droves to pay tribute to Gladys Marín, the president of the Communist Party, when her coffin was carried through the streets of Santiago in March. People may be gulping down Starbucks and coveting iPods, but they are also devouring highly irreverent political magazines like The Clinic (for which I write) and flocking to politically oriented movies like "Machuca," which is about the 1973 coup led by General Pinochet.   Some analysts think that the free-market economy is responsible for this unprecedented change in Chile's political and social landscape. But other countries that follow that economic model (Indonesia, Malaysia and the United States), seem to be slouching in the opposite direction toward a retrograde, hard-line conservatism. Economics, then, clearly do not tell the entire story.  Other analysts attribute the change to the current president, Ricardo Lagos, who has concentrated on reconciling Chile with its tortured past. Even so the general consensus is that nobody - not Mr. Lagos, not the Chilean intelligentsia, and certainly not the power elite - was prepared for the seismic social and political shift represented by Ms. Bachelet's thriving candidacy. I don't think anyone would have predicted 10 years ago that we would ever arrive at this moment, but it seems that Chile is eager to usher it in. For us, political and economic stability - despite being so recent and so precious - is not enough.  Just as in 1970, when they went to the polls and elected a Socialist president, and again in 1988, when they rejected their dictator, Chileans have proved themselves to be far more daring with their vote than their lifestyles.  Perhaps this is because when they vote - in secret, where nobody can judge or criticize them - they reveal their truest colors, their passion for change, for improvisation and for leadership in a world that seems hell-bent on moving in the opposite direction.   Rafael Gumucio is a columnist for El Diario in New York and for newspapers in Chile. This article was translated by Kristina Cordero from the Spanish.
But that's just it . . . if his belief in God is based on reasoning and science, then it's not "blind" faith.   Except, of course, it isn't based on reasoning and science. It is based on misinformation, and personal incredibility.
The funny thing, Trebor, is that you have no idea what it is based on. You've read an atheist's article on it saying he hasn't kept up with recent theories in science. In that case, do you and other atheists concede that, up until a few years ago (maximum), it appeared that, by all logical accounts, theists had been right all along? I'm sure you don't. But why? Well, basically because you don't really know anything about any of the theories you are discussing. This is the problem with caring about "big minds" and their theoretical swervings: unless you read the books and do the research, you have no grounds to make informed judgments. This is why I posted a major philosopher who became a theist's book, so that people on this forum can make their own decisions. Will anyone read it? Almost certainly not. Why? Because most people here are lazy and aren't really here to experience new ideas.   The fact of the matter, yes i do know what it is based on. I read several articles where it was discussed... including things in his own words.  Frankly, your assumptions just get you into trouble. And frankly, what Flew beleives or doesn't believe is totally irrelavent to me.
This is a refreshing note. Another one bites the dust!  You are too easily refreshed. Flew is not a biologist, and his assertion that "biologists' investigation of DNA has shown, by the almost unbelievable complexity of the arrangements which are needed to produce (life), that intelligence must have been involved" is one that many biologists would challenge. Essentially, all Flew has concluded is that some Great Unknown Thing is responsible for the existence of life and the universe; and in common with most cultures throughout history he has named that Great Unknown Thing god.  Even if we were to accept this reasoning, the GUT that Flew envisages is a million light years from the anthropomorphic and anthropocentric tyrant-father invoked by the Middle Eastern monotheisms. He has conspicuously omitted from his statements any notion that it is interested in (or even aware of) humankind, let alone that it requires our worship. He does not, you will note, believe in an afterlife.  Professor Flew is entitled to his opinions, as are we all; and his assertion that the level of complexity observed in living organisms requires a non-naturalistic explanation is just that - his opinion. That said, any christian crowing over Flew's 'conversion' is clutching at a pretty slender straw.
I'm not clutching or crowing. I'm simply pleased everytime I hear that another atheist has changed his/her mind about the existence of a supreme being.   You were crowing a bit. What I don't understand is why. How could you possibly be pleased by some strangers religious views. Would you have been pleased if he switched to liking broccoli? (Or disliking as the case may be)
Yet biologists' investigation of DNA "has shown, by the almost unbelievable complexity of the arrangements which are needed to produce (life), that intelligence must have been involved," Flew says in the new video, "Has Science Discovered God?"  1 - The man still believes Christians are wrong, and the bible is outright silly.  2 - While I'm sure he has further arguments, this one in isolation is meaningless. It corresponds to the trillion sided dice argument.  If one was to roll a trillion sided dice, then any single outcome would have been a one-in-a-trillion chance.  Applying the above argument, it would have been impossible for this dice to roll this result without willful intervention from an intelligent being, simply because it had such a low probability.  Now, I'm not ruling out the possible existance of some great unknown thing (a god, if you will) but I see nothing that really convinces me one (or many) exist, or ever existed.
1. Christianity and the Bible have nothing to do with this. The fact that they have been brought up is a result of snarling atheists that feel threatened by one of their champions turning to theism.   Which, of course, is not true. The theists make much more out of it than atheists. What some old man does, whom I had never heard of before this controversy, is irrelavent to me.   2. The trillion sided dice argument is not the same argument. The point is that only one side of the dice would have produced life, hence if any of the other sides had landed, this debate would not be possible.  I don't particularly care about Flew or what he thinks. But the reaction that atheists have had to his changing of heart is quite interesting, if not downright humorous.  Strawman.
Anthony Flew now admits that he was misled about the origin of life, by Gerald Shroeder, who isn't even a biologist.   Flew himself is largely to blame for being misled because he uncritically listened to only one side of the story, accepting it at face value.  Further, Flew's conception of 'God' would not be that of Christianity, Islam, or any such religion, but rather the God of the deists.   Update (December 2004)  Flew has now given me permission to quote him directly. I asked him point blank what he would mean if he ever asserted that "probably God exists," to which he responded (in a letter in his own hand, dated 19 October 2004):  ****************************** Flew: I do not think I will ever make that assertion, precisely because any assertion which I am prepared to make about God would not be about a God in that sense ... I think we need here a fundamental distinction between the God of Aristotle or Spinoza and the Gods of the Christian and the Islamic Revelations. ******************************  Rather, he would only have in mind "the non-interfering God of the people called Deists--such as Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin." Indeed, he remains adamant that "theological propositions can neither be verified nor falsified by experience," exactly as he argued in "Theology and Falsification." Regarding J. P. Moreland using Flew in support of Moreland's own belief in the supernatural, Flew says "my God is not his. His is Swinburne's. Mine is emphatically not good (or evil) or interested in human conduct" and does not perform miracles of any kind. Furthermore, Flew took great care to emphasize repeatedly to me that:  ****************************** Flew: My one and only piece of relevant evidence [for an Aristotelian God] is the apparent impossibility of providing a naturalistic theory of the origin from DNA of the first reproducing species ... [In fact] the only reason which I have for beginning to think of believing in a First Cause god is the impossibility of providing a naturalistic account of the origin of the first reproducing organisms. ******************************  He cites, in fact, the improbability arguments of Schroeder, which I have refuted online, and the entire argument to the impossibility of natural biogenesis I have refuted in Biology & Philosophy.  So what of the claim that Flew was persuaded by the Kalam Cosmological Argument? Flew "cannot recall" writing any letter to Geivett claiming "the kalam cosmological argument is a sound argument" for God but he confesses his memory fails him often now so he can't be sure. Nevertheless, I specifically asked what Antony thought of the Kalam, to which he answered:  ****************************** Flew: If and insofar as it is supposed to prove the existence of a First Cause of the Big Bang, I have no objection, but this is not at all the same as a proof of the existence of a spirit and all the rest of Richard Swinburne's definition of 'God' which is presently accepted as standard throughout the English speaking and philosophical world. ******************************  Also, regarding another rumor that Flew has been attending Quaker meetings, Antony says "I have, I think, attended Quaker meetings on at least 3 or 4 occasions, and one was at the wedding of a cousin," and thus hardly a religious statement on his part but a family affair. Nevertheless, for him and his family generally, he says "I think the main attraction" of Quakerism has been "the lack of doctrines." On the whole God thing, though, Flew is still examining the articles I sent him, so he may have more to say in the future.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Update (January 2005)  Antony Flew has retracted one of his recent assertions. In a letter to me dated 29 December 2004, Flew concedes:  ****************************** Flew: I now realize that I have made a fool of myself by believing that there were no presentable theories of the development of inanimate matter up to the first living creature capable of reproduction. ******************************  He blames his error on being "misled" by Richard Dawkins because Dawkins "has never been reported as referring to any promising work on the production of a theory of the development of living matter," even though this is false (e.g., Richard Dawkins and L. D. Hurst, "Evolutionary Chemistry: Life in a Test Tube," Nature 357: pp. 198-199, 21 May 1992) and hardly relevant: it was Flew's responsibility to check the state of the field (there are several books by actual protobiologists published in just the last five years), rather than wait for the chance possibility that one particular evolutionist would write on the subject. Now that he has done what he was supposed to do in the first place, he has retracted his false statement about the current state of protobiological science.  Flew also makes another admission: "I have been mistaught by Gerald Schroeder." He says "it was precisely because he appeared to be so well qualified as a physicist (which I am not) that I was never inclined to question what he said about physics." Apart from his unreasonable plan of trusting a physicist on the subject of biochemistry (after all, the relevant field is biochemistry, not physics--yet it would seem Flew does not recognize the difference), this attitude seems to pervade Flew's method of truthseeking, of looking to a single author for authoritative information and never checking their claims (or, as in the case of Dawkins, presumed lack of claims). As Flew admitted to me, and to Stuart Wavell of the London Times, and Duncan Crary of the Humanist Network News, he has not made any effort to check up on the current state of things in any relevant field (see "No Longer Atheist, Flew Stands by 'Presumption of Atheism'" and "In the Beginning There Was Something"). Flew has thus abandoned the very standards of inquiry that led the rest of us to atheism. It would seem the only way to God is to jettison responsible scholarship.  Despite all this, Flew has not retracted his belief in God, as far as I can tell. But in response to theists citing him in their favor, Flew strangely calls his "recent very modest defection from my previous unbelief" a "more radical form of unbelief," and implies that the concept of God might actually be self-refuting, for "surely there is material here for a new and more fundamental challenge to the very conception of God as an omnipotent spirit," but, Flew says, "I am just too old at the age of nearly 82 to initiate and conduct a major and super radical controversy about the conceivability of the putative concept of God as a spirit." This would appear to be his excuse for everything: he won't investigate the evidence because it's too hard. Yet he will declare beliefs in the absence of proper inquiry. Theists would do well to drop the example of Flew. Because his willfully sloppy scholarship can only help to make belief look ridiculous. (http://www.secweb.org/asset.asp?AssetID=369) 
It was never that important of an event anyway. Philosophy lecturers at sub-par universities aren't generally known for knowledge on biology.
And let's not forget that Christians become atheists too. I'm one example.
As the board is well aware, I am not a religious person. Sometimes I feel what others call spiritual, but I do not subscribe to religious dogma or follow a particular diety. In fact I view them all as mythical and, respectfully, blathering poppycock.  But there is someting very interesting I would like to share. In my college days, I had to work side jobs. Being a music major with a psyche minor, I found myself working at a state hospital in the "sunshine <read: rehab< ward."  Most people that came in were in before. A few patients actually flew over that cuckoo's nest and went on to lead active and productive lives. Not many achieved that through psycho analysis or medication. For reasons I cannot explain, most of the sucessful cases were attributed to "Jesus" or "God." They found religion. Perhaps the opium of the masses is better than aged whiskey.  Point being, I'm really glad some people found "religion" considering the alternative. Whatever works.
But there is someting very interesting I would like to share. In my college days, I had to work side jobs. Being a music major with a psyche minor, I found myself working at a state hospital in the "sunshine <read: rehab< ward."  Most people that came in were in before. A few patients actually flew over that cuckoo's nest and went on to lead active and productive lives. Not many achieved that through psycho analysis or medication. For reasons I cannot explain, most of the sucessful cases were attributed to "Jesus" or "God." They found religion. Perhaps the opium of the masses is better than aged whiskey.  Sorry, but that is nothing but hearsay from our point of view. IOW, it's unreliable and untestable.  Here's someone you might have known :-)  "I talk to my only friend Jesus our "LORD"! I know "JESUS" understands my terrible desires and ect. I have tords little boys! And the main reason I murdered them little "BOYS", is because our society is so "AGAINST" the fact of "CHILDREN-DOING-SEX" together or with anybody! I  believe children should be "ABLE" to do sex! And I can "ARGUE" that all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court! "SEX" is a great "GIFT" that Jesus gave us all!!!! [Freddy Goode, serial killer, in a letter to one of his lawyers- misspellings, his] 
Sorry, but that is nothing but hearsay from our point of view. IOW, it's unreliable and untestable.    On the contrary, it is testable. You take the number of people who have come out of an alcoholic rehab , and attribute their getting over their addiction to religion. You then do follow up and see how many stay off the addiction compared to the ones that went strictly through the rehabilitation program.  I know several people who were alcoholics, and drug addicts that traded the addiction of a physical substance to the addiction of religion. They are still in an addictive life style, but frankly, from a physical/emotional point of view, a religious addiction is healthier for the most part than one to meth or alcohol.   It all depends on the degree they indulge in the religious addiction of course.
Sorry, but that is nothing but hearsay from our point of view. IOW, it's unreliable and untestable.  I am just passing on what I seen personally. I am not trying to prove anything. Just sharing an observation.   PS...from "our" point of view? You got a mouse in your pocket? Please explain.
Truthsayer: I am just passing on what I seen personally. I am not trying to prove anything. Just sharing an observation.   PS...from "our" point of view? You got a mouse in your pocket? Please explain.  You can't figure it out? Really?  You yourself even point out that you were "passing on what I seen personally". Get it? What YOU YOURSELF claim to have seen PERSONALLY. Anyone (other than you) who reads your account is outside of the claimed experience. You claim to have witnessed these things, but none of us did. (And hence, without your providing any evidence supporting your claims, they are mere hearsay to us).
DamEtel: Sorry, but that is nothing but hearsay from our point of view. IOW, it's unreliable and untestable.   trebor: On the contrary, it is testable.  No it's not.   And if it is testable, why do you go on to talk about something completely different? Why don't you explain how it is supposedly testable?
You can't figure it out? Really?  You yourself even point out that you were "passing on what I seen personally". Get it? What YOU YOURSELF claim to have seen PERSONALLY. Anyone (other than you) who reads your account is outside of the claimed experience. You claim to have witnessed these things, but none of us did. (And hence, without your providing any evidence supporting your claims, they are mere hearsay to us).  But of course it is sir. Your point? Or was that it?  I believe we all pretty much recognize heresay when we read it here on the forum. At least most of us do. I think.  I wouldn't really expect any ribbons or trophy's for pointing it out if I were you.   But in the spirit of Christmas and harmony, I will extend you an acculade anyways. emoticon_xgood   DamEtel knows the definition of heresay and has shared that with the board. Bravo! Bravo! For he's a jolly good fellow..X3..which nobody can deny.emoticon_xhoho   Feel better? Good. I do what I can.emoticon_love   Merry Christmas.
It appears that he did just that:    and here's how:  Yo' Jim, I'm not so sure those are my actual quotes in your post #36 above. I can't imagine myself trying to defend my observation to this particular poster, (or any poster for that matter.) I was just telling my story. I don't care if anyone believes it. It's the internet for crissakes. BFD.emoticon_xdonno   I'll go back and check but unless I am totally losing it, (which may be a a very probable possibility,) I don't believe those were my statements.  (But I'm gonna feel like a goofball if they were. Not that they are incorrect, but because I don't remember writing them. Old age is hell. You tend to doubt your own memory.)         Yep...I just got back. I checked and sho' 'nuff that was Trebor who said that. Not me. I thought I was losing it there for a moment. Whew................
there is once word to tell my opinion.....shutup.  Well, that's once word if I ever saw one.emoticon_rolleyes
That's not an opinion. It's a command.  As long as it wasn't an emission.
DamEtel: No it's not.   And if it is testable, why do you go on to talk about something completely different? Why don't you explain how it is supposedly testable?   jim's trucking: It appears that he did just that:  Nope, not at all. Try reading it all again and see if you can get it right this time.
Okay. I read it again. Please expose my density.   Here's some background.  Truthsayer: But there is someting very interesting I would like to share. In my college days, I had to work side jobs. Being a music major with a psyche minor, I found myself working at a state hospital in the "sunshine <read: rehab< ward."  Most people that came in were in before. A few patients actually flew over that cuckoo's nest and went on to lead active and productive lives. Not many achieved that through psycho analysis or medication. For reasons I cannot explain, most of the sucessful cases were attributed to "Jesus" or "God." They found religion. Perhaps the opium of the masses is better than aged whiskey.   DamEtel: Sorry, but that is nothing but hearsay from our point of view. IOW, it's unreliable and untestable.  Trebor: On the contrary, it is testable. You take the number of people who have come out of an alcoholic rehab , and attribute their getting over their addiction to religion. You then do follow up and see how many stay off the addiction compared to the ones that went strictly through the rehabilitation program.  Trebor's proposal doesn't test Truthsayer's personal experiences, which is what Truthsayer conveyed. He even said so himself, more than once:  Truthsayer: I am just passing on what I seen personally.  and  DamEtel: You yourself [Truthsayer] even point out that you were "passing on what I seen personally". Get it? What YOU YOURSELF claim to have seen PERSONALLY. Anyone (other than you) who reads your account is outside of the claimed experience. You claim to have witnessed these things, but none of us did. (And hence, without your providing any evidence supporting your claims, they are mere hearsay to us).   Truthsayer: But of course it is sir. Your point? Or was that it?  It is Truthsayer's personal experiences that I and he were referring to. And Trebor's proposal would neither confirm nor disconfirm Truthsayer's claimed past personal experiences: all Trebor's proposal could do, essentially, would be help us decide whether or not Truthsayer's claims are reasonable: not if they actually happened.  Which is why I pointed out that Trebor would be testing something completely different: that is, not the same personal experiences that Truthsayer claims to have had. And why I asked if Trebor claims Truthsayer's past personal experiences are testable, then why does he go on to talk about testing something completely different?    ****************************** PS: That is what I originally meant throughout: I was addressing Truthsayer's personal experiences, which Trebor's proposal doesn't test.   However, I now have to admit that I thought Trebor was talking about something even more different. When I read Truthsayer's original paragraphs the first time, I noted several key words/phrases such as "psyche minor", "ward", "flew over the cuckoo's nest", and "psycho analysis or medication" and the shear weight of them led me to think that he was talking about mental patients in a mental ward. Trebor, on the other hand, was clearly talking about alcoholics. It wasn't until I just reread the two people's posts back to back that I saw the term "rehab" in both, and figured out that Truthsayer could have meant something other than a mental patients in a mental ward.  So now I admit that Trebor's proposal could test the general nature of Truthsayer's rehab claims, but it still could not test his claimed personal experiences, which is what I was actually addressing.
 So now I admit that Trebor's proposal could test the general nature of Truthsayer's rehab claims, but it still could not test his claimed personal experiences, which is what I was actually addressing.   Nope, but it COULD confirm personal observations. After all, observatoins are the  basis for the proposel, which in turn leads to the data collection for corrolation.  I mean, the statement 'I see a wonderful blue sky this morning' would not be testable by your criteria.  The thing is I too have noticed a lot of people who have gotten off of alcohol and drugs via 'religion'. IMO, the ones that either I know used to do the drugs first hand, or told me they did the drugs are the ones that were more likely to be the 'hyper-religious' types, where religion was EVERYTHING. That observation lead me to make the statement that it was trading one addiction (drugs/alcohol/etc), for another addiction (religion).   I also don't know if the ones I knew were able to keep off their previous addiction.   Truthsayers personal experiances can not be tested, but his statements about his observations fit my personal experiances, so that at least gives it credulence.
DamEtel: So now I admit that Trebor's proposal could test the general nature of Truthsayer's rehab claims, but it still could not test his claimed personal experiences, which is what I was actually addressing.   Trebor: Nope, but it COULD confirm personal observations.  No, it couldn't. Tests by different people, after the fact, of different but related phenomena could only show that the claimed personal experiences were reasonable, not that they actually occurred.  I could say that I saw my cat claw my mother's couch to shreds. You can do all kinds of observations of cats, their tendency to claw, and so on, but all that would do is show that my claimed personal experience is reasonable, not that it actually occurred. Because, in fact, I don't have a cat. You couldn't know that until I told you, so you couldn't know whether or not my claimed personal experience was true or not.  Tell you what. Here are four claims of personal experience for me, concerning yesterday. For each one, tell me whether it actually happened or not, and how you can be sure.  A) I claim to have driven my green Honda Civic to the karate dojo to see my two sons earn their orange belts.  B) I claim to have eaten a bowl of Coca Crispies cereal, with skim milk, for dinner.  C) I claim to have washed a load of cold clothes, using Tide detergent.  D) I claim to have watched lecture 12, "When Did the Canon Get Finalized", from "The History of the Bible: The Making of the New Testament Canon" video lecture series I own.  Well?   Face it, for all practical purposes, no test you can perform on other events - that aren't the events that make up my claimed personal experiences - can confirm or disconfirm any of these claimed personal experiences of mine. Essentially all that such tests could do is determine whether or not the claims are reasonable.   Trebor: I mean, the statement 'I see a wonderful blue sky this morning' would not be testable by your criteria.  And? It's not really testable, in general. I don't know if you are blind: you could be. I don't know if it is raining where you live. I don't know if you didn't wake up until Saturday afternoon. I don't know if there is a vast forest fire around where you live, with the smoke blocking out the sky.   Let me turn it around on you.  I claim to see a wonderful blue sky this morning.   So is that claim of personal experience true or false? Well?     Further, the claim you offer is very different from the one Truthsayer put forth. We can assume that all of us have actually seen a wonderful blue morning at some point in our lives, but we can't safely assume that all of us have worked in rehab center and seen religion cure people.
No, it couldn't. Tests by different people, after the fact, of different but related phenomena could only show that the claimed personal experiences were reasonable, not that they actually occurred.  I could say that I saw my cat claw my mother's couch to shreds. You can do all kinds of observations of cats, their tendency to claw, and so on, but all that would do is show that my claimed personal experience is reasonable, not that it actually occurred. Because, in fact, I don't have a cat. You couldn't know that until I told you, so you couldn't know whether or not my claimed personal experience was true or not.  Tell you what. Here are four claims of personal experience for me, concerning yesterday. For each one, tell me whether it actually happened or not, and how you can be sure.  A) I claim to have driven my green Honda Civic to the karate dojo to see my two sons earn their orange belts.  B) I claim to have eaten a bowl of Coca Crispies cereal, with skim milk, for dinner.  C) I claim to have washed a load of cold clothes, using Tide detergent.  D) I claim to have watched lecture 12, "When Did the Canon Get Finalized", from "The History of the Bible: The Making of the New Testament Canon" video lecture series I own.  Well?   Face it, for all practical purposes, no test you can perform on other events - that aren't the events that make up my claimed personal experiences - can confirm or disconfirm any of these claimed personal experiences of mine. Essentially all that such tests could do is determine whether or not the claims are reasonable.     And? It's not really testable, in general. I don't know if you are blind: you could be. I don't know if it is raining where you live. I don't know if you didn't wake up until Saturday afternoon. I don't know if there is a vast forest fire around where you live, with the smoke blocking out the sky.   Let me turn it around on you.  I claim to see a wonderful blue sky this morning.   So is that claim of personal experience true or false? Well?     Further, the claim you offer is very different from the one Truthsayer put forth. We can assume that all of us have actually seen a wonderful blue morning at some point in our lives, but we can't safely assume that all of us have worked in rehab center and seen religion cure people.  Well, I didn't work at a rehabilitation center, but I know many people who were addicted that claimed their 'faith' helped them. You don't have to be as up close and personal to be able to see the claims.  Obviously, you have an axe to grind, because on this subject, you have gone overboard in denial. You are tying to make the observation into something it is not. I hope you are able to get over your problem when it comes to looking at how religion can affect people. (That of course, does not say that any religion is true, but only that religious belief can effect people, and sometimes not negatively).
trebor: Obviously, you have an axe to grind, because on this subject, you have gone overboard in denial.  Nope. You didn't understand my original statements, which were directed directly at Truthsayer's past personal experiences. What you proposed wouldn't test that. It's really simple. I am sorry that I am right and you are wrong, but you'll just have to learn to live with it.  Even on your own "blue sky" counter, you've as much as admitted defeat. You know you can't test the personal experience claims I stated. That shows me to be right and you to be wrong ... again.  trebor: I hope you are able to get over your problem when it comes to looking at how religion can affect people. (That of course, does not say that any religion is true, but only that religious belief can effect people, and sometimes not negatively).  Belief in God is needed as a psychological crutch by some; those who aren't mentally strong enough to face reality on its own terms. Even I, at one time, felt I needed God, to get me through my roughest time: now I realize I could have done just as well on my own, without belief in God whatsoever, if I had just been strong enough back then. God did nothing for me; my own psychological state did.
I understand what DamEtel is saying and I concur. The fact is, nobody knows for sure what any one of us say they have witnessed is a fact or not. No argument there. But, I too, am rather confused why he took that simple fact and made a mountain out of it. But that is what makes the internet forum a unique method of communication I suppose. It takes all types.  There are all types of forum posters. The kind that submit controversial articles and endless editorials, yet rarely comment. These people usually are considered instigators and divders, in my opinion.  Some posters are just downright raunchy and uncredible.  Then there's the lazy ones, like me. I just come and posts thoughts, feeling, and opinions I have accumulated in the course of a lifetime.  Certainly, nobody likes to be indirectly be called a liar as DamEtel is doing but the fact does remain that some of us guys just call 'em like we see's 'em. I have no interesting in proving or disproving anything I choose to share with the board. It is what it is. Take it or leave it. I don't care.  DamE. Is it your position that there is no room on this forum for unsubstantiated opinion or experiences to be shared by the individual posters and any one doing so has to face your "Heresay! heresay! You could be lying," prove it" rant? Geeze, I hope not.   <PS....my work experience was in a state mental hospital and the particular ward I was working on was, in fact, the drug/alcohol rehab unit. Or not...... (hehehehehe)
Truthsayer: I have no interesting in proving or disproving anything I choose to share with the board. It is what it is. Take it or leave it. I don't care.  That's fine with me. My original point was - and my point still is - simply that what you presented was claimed past personal experience - hearsay, from our point of view, which makes it unreliable and untestable. And you seem to be fine with that: so am I.  That Trebor misunderstood me, or wanted to argue against me past the point of reason (as he has done before), and therefore spawned a whole series of unnecessary exchanges, claiming I was wrong when I wasn't, is his doing, not mine.  Truthsayer: DamE. Is it your position that there is no room on this forum for unsubstantiated opinion or experiences to be shared by the individual posters and any one doing so has to face your "Heresay! heresay! You could be lying," prove it" rant? Geeze, I hope not.  Nope. Just that such needs to recognized for what it is to us: claimed past personal experiences - hearsay - unreliable and untestable.   Switching now to general claim that came up: that religion cures alcoholism. I'll point out that neither you nor Trebor has yet provided any valid support for such. Where are the controlled experiments published in peer reviewed journals that demonstrate that religion cures alcoholism in a statistically significant way?   And from your comment above, you don't intend to present any, which leaves it to Trebor to do so, if he intends to.
 Where are the controlled experiments published in peer reviewed journals that demonstrate that religion cures alcoholism in a statistically significant way?   And from your comment above, you don't intend to present any, which leaves it to Trebor to do so, if he intends to.  I cannot produce any evidence to support such a claim as I have nothing scientific to offer. Just an observation. The same for the blue sky.  The reason I found the higher recovery rate of religion vs. pshchological counciling/medication so strange is because I am not a person who puts much weight into religion. I'm more of a scientific/realist kinda guy. That is why it strikes me as strange. It's all a mental crutch in my opinion. But hey, any port in a storm. Right? Whatever works.emoticon_xgood  Just for the heck of it I decided to Google this up to see if there was any other folks out there that had made similar observations as I. Perhaps someone with some credibility. But it dawned on me that I don't know who any of these yahoos are and I haven't a clue as to their credibility. But just for the sake of interest, I'll provide a few links. I am not endorsing any of these sites whatsoever so let's get that straight up front.  These people here do not approve of religious indoctrination in drug and alcohol treatment it seems. So much for my "any port in a storm" theory.emoticon_xdonno http://casaa.unm.edu/fetz_desc.html  No Jesus Juice for these guys either. http://www.positiveatheism.org/rw/alcohol.htm  I wonder what could be worse. Being a #### soaked drunk or having to attend this place? http://www.soberliving.com/celebrate-recovery.html  FAITH AND SOCIAL LIVES "In the Dartmouth heart-surgery study... patients were asked two separate sets of questions about their participation in social groups and the comfort they drew from faith. The two factors appeared to have distinct benefits that made for a powerful combination. Those who were both religious and socially involved had a 14-fold advantage over those who were isolated or lacked faith." (Claudia Wallis, "Faith and Healing," Time Magazine. June 24, 1996.) http://www.foreversober.com/appendix4.cfm  PLACEBO EFFECT AND BELIEF "Decades of research show that if a patient truly believes a therapy is useful--even if it is a sugar pill or snake oil--that belief has the power to heal." (Claudia Wallis, "Faith and Healing," Time Magazine. June 24, 1996.)   The ACLU is against faith based treatment. Says that port is closed. http://www.aclu.org/religion/govtfunding/16186prs20030227.html  40 patients admitted to a public substance abuse treatment facility for treatment of alcohol problems who consented to participate were randomized to receive or not receive intercessory prayer (double-blind) by outside volunteers. Assessments were conducted at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. RESULTS: No differences were found between prayer intervention and nonintervention groups on alcohol consumption. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=9375433&dopt=Citation  Here's a research report. Too boring to read. http://www.dukespiritualityandhealth.org/research/outside/outsideZ.html  I'm going to sleep here...........................emoticon_zzzz
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute. Being absolute they transcend space and time. They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). So, how do they account for them?  Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.  How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion?  In other words, how can an atheist with a naturalistic presupposition account for the existence of logical absolutes when logical absolutes are conceptual by nature and not physical, energy, or motion?I tried to respond to this when it was in the Religion forum, but it disappeared right before my eyes.  I need some clarification of your posit.  Are you claiming that atheism precludes logic?  I take exception with this part: They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). I agree that the rules of logic are not properties of the physical universe. They are properties of mankind, devised from common sense and experiences of nature. (Logic tells me if I stick my hand in fire, I will get burned.) ...and the fact that people contradict each other has no bearing on the absoluteness of the rules of logic. It merely reflects the failure of many to grasp the rules and play by them.   ...and this part:something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction)I recall many occasions wherein someone said of a third party, quite truthfully, "He's not himself today." Clearly, he was nobody else and he was still alive, so he was physically himself, but emotionally detached.:)
Let me know when you learn how to manipulate the quote commands.  I'll reveal part of my next reply right now. If I stick my hand in fire, I will get burned. This is a logical derivation...like If A, then B. It comes from experience and mother's teachings. It will not change. EVER! It is quite logical to assume that in the future, if you stick your hand in fire, you will be burned.
Logic is a human construct. We didn't discover it, we invented it. The Greeks firstly IIRC. Guess what, they weren't Christians.
Sinjin, I believe I've told you before that I really hate you when you are so devastatingly right on the mark.  Growl!!! Growf!!! Why didn't I think of that?
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute. Being absolute they transcend space and time. They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). So, how do they account for them?  Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.  How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion?  In other words, how can an atheist with a naturalistic presupposition account for the existence of logical absolutes when logical absolutes are conceptual by nature and not physical, energy, or motion?  Try the ( Law of Common Sense) . If your an ex-atheist, you already know the ( Law of Relativity ).
Wrong, buddy.  2+2=4 is our way of describing some things, like counting. Now start adding up velocities under relativity theory and you get 1+1=1.  As for how atheists (and agnostics) explain these rules: simple. We came up with them to facilitate communication and analysis of the world around us.
Logic cannot come from experience because people's experiences change and are different which means that the laws of logic could change. Logic does not come from your mother's teaching because not everyone has a mother and mothers think differently.   Again, if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.  Some apply logic, some do not. So much for contradictory thinking.  What evidence do you have that suggests logic exists outside of the human mind? Hold the mythology, please.  from infidels.org -   The Concise Oxford English Dictionary defines logic as "the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference." Logic will let you analyze an argument or a piece of reasoning, and work out whether it is likely to be correct or not.  It's worth mentioning a couple of things which logic is not.  Firstly, logical reasoning is not an absolute law which governs the universe. Many times in the past, people have concluded that because something is logically impossible (given the science of the day), it must be impossible, period. It was also believed at one time that Euclidean geometry was a universal law; it is, after all, logically consistent. Again, we now know that the rules of Euclidean geometry are not universal.
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute. Being absolute they transcend space and time. They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). So, how do they account for them?  Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.  How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion?  In other words, how can an atheist with a naturalistic presupposition account for the existence of logical absolutes when logical absolutes are conceptual by nature and not physical, energy, or motion? the fact that the world is governed by laws of logic is exactly what eliminates god. since logic exists, god is not needed.  i suppose you assume that logic needs an intelligent initiator of some sort in order for it to exist? why? logic dictate that adding quantity causes that quantity to increase. this would occur with or without god's existence and needs no devine intervention to be consistently true. logic dictates that a system in equilibrium has a total of equal opposite forces and that the sum of all the forces in the system is 0. this is not contingent on god's presmce either. the more explanations of phenomena that can be logically explained, the less god is needed.   god and logic are indirectly proportionate. an increase in logic causes a decrease in god
Let me know when you learn how to manipulate the quote commands.  I'll reveal part of my next reply right now. If I stick my hand in fire, I will get burned. This is a logical derivation...like If A, then B. It comes from experience and mother's teachings. It will not change. EVER! It is quite logical to assume that in the future, if you stick your hand in fire, you will be burned. actually, thats not logic, but its closely related. of course, if you stick your hand in fire it will get burned. logic dictates that the sum of initial energy must equal sum of final energy. etc etc  you are very right that logic is predictable and constant. this is exactly why logic diametrically opposes god. a body of water cannot divide itself and leave a dry path down the center unless god something to defy logical law. because gravity exists, its logical for water or any fluid to be drawn by gravity to the lowest level possible. there is nothing miraculous about the common and predictable properties of water under the force of gravity, so god isnt needed to explain it because logic already has  if, however, that body of water behaves in a way that logic cannot explain, then we can almost positively assume that such is the intervention of god. the only acts that can be accredited to god, in the bible, are those where something illogical occured
Just becuase people disagree on something does not mean logic changes or stops existing. If logic is not absolute, then no logical arguments for or against the existence of God can be raised and the atheist has nothing to work with. If logic is not absolute, then logic cannot be used to prove or disprove anything.  Your right the laws of logic are in the mind, but we did not make them up, when we die the still exist. Concepts do not exist in a universe of only matter. If you think logic is not absolute and can change there is going to be some proplems. Concepts do not exist outside the mind of man.  Is this where you're going with this nonsense? http://www.carm.org/dialogues/atheist_absolutes.htm
The problem with atheism is that man is material just like a rock. Concepts do not exist in a rock whey should they exist in man? We are all matter. you can say we are more conplex than a rock, but that does not make a difference; matter can not accout for concepts.  Yes, www.carm.org is awsome    thats an example of Ad hominim - Attacking the individual instead of the argument con·cept -   1. A general idea derived or inferred from specific instances or occurrences.  2. Something formed in the mind; a thought or notion. See Synonyms at idea.   Btw that's "ad hominem" and yes, I know.
your right but you are missing the point. 2+2=4 in counting and aways in counting. 1+1=1 in velocities and always in velocities! 1+1 will not = 1 in counting and can not. Different areas of math uses different ways to express equations but will not controdict one another.     I have some news for you. The laws of logic existed before you came up with them. The laws of logic by defination are outside the meterial universe because they are concepts. The atheistic worldview cannot account for the laws of logic/absolutes becuse only the meterial universe exists.  It would seem to me that your two paragraphs contradict one another.   In one paragraph you argue that the basis for the logical absolutes are physical entities and facts - two objects + two objects = four objects. I agree, 2+2=4 existed before we formally defined it as such. It is "logic", I'm not sure that logic is the right word here, defined on a simple material basis.  Then in the next paragraph you state that logic is outside of the material universe and only a concept. This is where you lose me. Would 2+2=4 if there was no material entity to add or subtract? ie 0+0=0? Do you not first need to have the material in order for there to be a basis for the logic? Chicken and the egg perhaps.  Can you give me an example of a "rule of logic" not based on what we observe in the material world?  Waxy
The Christian theistic worldview can account for the laws of logic by stating that they come from God.  God is transcendent; that is, He is beyond the material universe being its creator.  God has originated the laws of logic because they are a reflection of His nature.  Therefore, the laws of logic are absolute.  The are absolute because there is an absolute God.  The atheistic worldview cannot account for the laws of logic/absolutes, and must borrow from the Christian worldview in order to rationally argue.  I don't even know where to start with this. It makes zero sense to me.  Can you use the rules of logic to substantiate with 100% certainty that God exists and is absolute in nature, because if you can't, then this whole thread is moot.  Waxy
 ...laws of logic are formed in the mind in the sence we can think about them.  No, in the sense that they are a product of the mind and exist only in the mind.  Here, chew on this a while: http://www.objectivethought.com/debates/daniels1.html
The problem with atheism is that man is material just like a rock. Concepts do not exist in a rock whey should they exist in man? We are all matter. you can say we are more conplex than a rock, but that does not make a difference; matter can not accout for concepts. . . .Reckon if a rock could think it would have a concept or two.
Sinjin! I HATE the word apologetics!!! Stomp! Stomp! Stomp on your bloody apologetics!
Sinjin! I HATE the word apologetics!!! Stomp! Stomp! Stomp on your bloody apologetics!  Better that than hating me which you did twice yesterday.
Show me were something is and not at the same time?  It's unfortunate you chose to ignore the bulk of my post, I was hoping you would explain yourself better.  If there is no material world, and therefore nothing exists by definition, then something neither "is" or "is not", because there is no something. A material object must exist in order to be, or not to be, something.  With only nothing, there is no basis for concepts, and therefore, no concepts.   Here's one for you -  Can God make a rock so big that even he can't lift it?  Waxy
i can not prove 100% that God exist, the atheist can not prove100% that God does not exist because absolute proof is not posible.  If you can't prove or deal in absolutes, then the basis of your argument, the "absolute" nature of logic, just became pretty shaky.  However, theism better fites the evidence than atheism.  That's HIGHLY debatable. (unless you meant fights (fites?) the evidence, then I would agree.)  Waxy
Better that than hating me which you did twice yesterday.But I hated you because I was jealous--which isn't the same thing as purely hating you.
Can God make a rock so big that even he can't lift it? Argghhhhh! I hate statements like that!!!  Why the devil would God, if there is a God, fool around making a rock so big that he or she couldn't lift it?
Argghhhhh! I hate statements like that!!!  Why the devil would God, if there is a God, fool around making a rock so big that he or she couldn't lift it?  Maybe the really big ones have concepts inside.
Argghhhhh! I hate statements like that!!!  Why the devil would God, if there is a God, fool around making a rock so big that he or she couldn't lift it?  LOL.  That's the point, it's ridiculous.  Much like the statement, "Show me were something is and not at the same time?" as being proof of God's existance by some logical absolute.  If the "laws of logic" are applied to God, he must either be illogical, or not exist.  Waxy
Can God make a rock so big He can't pick it up?    This question is representative of the type of paradoxes atheists use in attempts to prove that God cannot exist. It works like this. God is supposed to be omnipotent. If He is omnipotent, then He can create a rock so big that He can't pick it up. If He cannot make a rock like this, then He is not omnipotent. If He can make a rock so big He can't pick it up, then He isn't omnipotent either. Either way demonstrates that God cannot do something. Therefore God is not omnipotent. Therefore God does not exist.  Is this logical? A little. However, the problem is that this bit of logic omits some crucial information, therefore, it's conclusion is inaccurate. What the above "paradox" lacks is vital information concerning God's nature. His omnipotence is not something independent of His nature. It is part of His nature. God has a nature and His attributes operate within that nature, as does anything and everything else.  For example, I have human nature. I can run. But, I cannot outrun a lion. My nature simply does not permit it. My ability to run is connected to my nature and I cannot violate it. So too with God. His omnipotence is connected to His nature since being omnipotent is part of what He is. Omnipotence, then, must be consistent with what He is and not with what He is not since His omnipotence is not an entity to itself. Therefore, God can only do those things that are consistent with His nature. He cannot lie because it is against His nature to do so. Not being able to lie does not mean He is not God or that He is not all powerful. Also, He cannot cease to be God. Since He is in all places at all times, if He stopped existing then He wouldn't be in all places at all time. Therefore, He cannot cease to exist without violating His own nature.  The point is that God cannot do something that is a violation of His own existence and nature. Therefore, He cannot make a rock so big he can't pick up, or make something bigger than Himself, etc. But, not being able to do this does not mean He is not God nor that He is not omnipotent. Omnipotence is not the ability to do anything conceivable, but the ability to do anything consistent with His nature and consistent with His desire within the realm of His unlimited and universal power which we do not possess. This does not mean He can violate His own nature. If He did something inconsistent with His nature, then He would be self contradictory. If God were self contradictory, He would not be true. Likewise, if He did something that violated his nature, like make a rock so big He can't pick it up, He would also not be true since that would be a self contradiction. Since truth is not self contradictory, as neither is God, if He were not true, then He would not be God. But God is true and not self contradictory, therefore, God cannot do something that violates His own nature. Another way to look at it is realize that in order for God to make something so big He couldn't pick it up, He would have to make a rock bigger than Himself. Since He is infinite in size, He would have to make something that would be bigger than Himself. Since it is His nature to be the biggest thing in existence because He created all things, He cannot violate His own nature by making a rock that is larger than He.  Also, since a rock, by definition, is not infinitely big, then it isn't logically possible to make a rock, something that is finite in size, be infinite in size (no longer a rock) since only God is infinite in size. At dictionary.com, a rock is defined as a "Relatively hard, naturally formed mineral or petrified matter; stone. a) A relatively small piece or fragment of such material. b) A relatively large body of such material, as a cliff or peak. c) A naturally formed aggregate of mineral matter constituting a significant part of the earth's crust." A rock, by definition is not infinitely large. So, to say that the rock must be so big that God cannot pick it up is to say that the rock is no longer a rock.  What the critics are asking is that God become self contradictory as a proof He doesn't exist. Their assertion is illogical from the start. So what they are doing is trying to get God to be illogical. They want to use illogic to prove God doesn't exist instead of logic. It doesn't work and the "paradox" is self-refuting and invalid.  CHRISTIAN APOLOGETICS & RESEARCH MINISTRY www.carm.org  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Can God make a rock so big He can't pick it up?    This question is representative of the type of paradoxes atheists use in attempts to prove that God cannot exist. It works like this. God is supposed to be omnipotent. If He is omnipotent, then He can create a rock so big that He can't pick it up. If He cannot make a rock like this, then He is not omnipotent. If He can make a rock so big He can't pick it up, then He isn't omnipotent either. Either way demonstrates that God cannot do something. Therefore God is not omnipotent. Therefore God does not exist.  Is this logical? A little. However, the problem is that this bit of logic omits some crucial information, therefore, it's conclusion is inaccurate. What the above "paradox" lacks is vital information concerning God's nature. His omnipotence is not something independent of His nature. It is part of His nature. God has a nature and His attributes operate within that nature, as does anything and everything else.  For example, I have human nature. I can run. But, I cannot outrun a lion. My nature simply does not permit it. My ability to run is connected to my nature and I cannot violate it. So too with God. His omnipotence is connected to His nature since being omnipotent is part of what He is. Omnipotence, then, must be consistent with what He is and not with what He is not since His omnipotence is not an entity to itself. Therefore, God can only do those things that are consistent with His nature. He cannot lie because it is against His nature to do so. Not being able to lie does not mean He is not God or that He is not all powerful. Also, He cannot cease to be God. Since He is in all places at all times, if He stopped existing then He wouldn't be in all places at all time. Therefore, He cannot cease to exist without violating His own nature.  The point is that God cannot do something that is a violation of His own existence and nature. Therefore, He cannot make a rock so big he can't pick up, or make something bigger than Himself, etc. But, not being able to do this does not mean He is not God nor that He is not omnipotent. Omnipotence is not the ability to do anything conceivable, but the ability to do anything consistent with His nature and consistent with His desire within the realm of His unlimited and universal power which we do not possess. This does not mean He can violate His own nature. If He did something inconsistent with His nature, then He would be self contradictory. If God were self contradictory, He would not be true. Likewise, if He did something that violated his nature, like make a rock so big He can't pick it up, He would also not be true since that would be a self contradiction. Since truth is not self contradictory, as neither is God, if He were not true, then He would not be God. But God is true and not self contradictory, therefore, God cannot do something that violates His own nature. Another way to look at it is realize that in order for God to make something so big He couldn't pick it up, He would have to make a rock bigger than Himself. Since He is infinite in size, He would have to make something that would be bigger than Himself. Since it is His nature to be the biggest thing in existence because He created all things, He cannot violate His own nature by making a rock that is larger than He.  Also, since a rock, by definition, is not infinitely big, then it isn't logically possible to make a rock, something that is finite in size, be infinite in size (no longer a rock) since only God is infinite in size. At dictionary.com, a rock is defined as a "Relatively hard, naturally formed mineral or petrified matter; stone. a) A relatively small piece or fragment of such material. b) A relatively large body of such material, as a cliff or peak. c) A naturally formed aggregate of mineral matter constituting a significant part of the earth's crust." A rock, by definition is not infinitely large. So, to say that the rock must be so big that God cannot pick it up is to say that the rock is no longer a rock.  What the critics are asking is that God become self contradictory as a proof He doesn't exist. Their assertion is illogical from the start. So what they are doing is trying to get God to be illogical. They want to use illogic to prove God doesn't exist instead of logic. It doesn't work and the "paradox" is self-refuting and invalid.  If you're going to use the words of others in lieu of your own please give credit.
Yes very true, that was wrong of me, i fix it through  Good man.emoticon_xgood
laws of logic can not exist without God. Again and again, matter alone, cannot accout for concepts.  Again and again, matter is the source of concepts, no matter = no concepts.  God is irrelevent.  Waxy
www.carm.org says the following, they make a good point  you can find it at http://www.carm.org/atheism/God_rock.htm   Can God make a rock so big He can't pick it up?    This question is representative of the type of paradoxes atheists use in attempts to prove that God cannot exist. It works like this. God is supposed to be omnipotent. If He is omnipotent, then He can create a rock so big that He can't pick it up. If He cannot make a rock like this, then He is not omnipotent. If He can make a rock so big He can't pick it up, then He isn't omnipotent either. Either way demonstrates that God cannot do something. Therefore God is not omnipotent. Therefore God does not exist.  Is this logical? A little. However, the problem is that this bit of logic omits some crucial information, therefore, it's conclusion is inaccurate. What the above "paradox" lacks is vital information concerning God's nature. His omnipotence is not something independent of His nature. It is part of His nature. God has a nature and His attributes operate within that nature, as does anything and everything else.  For example, I have human nature. I can run. But, I cannot outrun a lion. My nature simply does not permit it. My ability to run is connected to my nature and I cannot violate it. So too with God. His omnipotence is connected to His nature since being omnipotent is part of what He is. Omnipotence, then, must be consistent with what He is and not with what He is not since His omnipotence is not an entity to itself. Therefore, God can only do those things that are consistent with His nature. He cannot lie because it is against His nature to do so. Not being able to lie does not mean He is not God or that He is not all powerful. Also, He cannot cease to be God. Since He is in all places at all times, if He stopped existing then He wouldn't be in all places at all time. Therefore, He cannot cease to exist without violating His own nature.  The point is that God cannot do something that is a violation of His own existence and nature. Therefore, He cannot make a rock so big he can't pick up, or make something bigger than Himself, etc. But, not being able to do this does not mean He is not God nor that He is not omnipotent. Omnipotence is not the ability to do anything conceivable, but the ability to do anything consistent with His nature and consistent with His desire within the realm of His unlimited and universal power which we do not possess. This does not mean He can violate His own nature. If He did something inconsistent with His nature, then He would be self contradictory. If God were self contradictory, He would not be true. Likewise, if He did something that violated his nature, like make a rock so big He can't pick it up, He would also not be true since that would be a self contradiction. Since truth is not self contradictory, as neither is God, if He were not true, then He would not be God. But God is true and not self contradictory, therefore, God cannot do something that violates His own nature. Another way to look at it is realize that in order for God to make something so big He couldn't pick it up, He would have to make a rock bigger than Himself. Since He is infinite in size, He would have to make something that would be bigger than Himself. Since it is His nature to be the biggest thing in existence because He created all things, He cannot violate His own nature by making a rock that is larger than He.  Also, since a rock, by definition, is not infinitely big, then it isn't logically possible to make a rock, something that is finite in size, be infinite in size (no longer a rock) since only God is infinite in size. At dictionary.com, a rock is defined as a "Relatively hard, naturally formed mineral or petrified matter; stone. a) A relatively small piece or fragment of such material. b) A relatively large body of such material, as a cliff or peak. c) A naturally formed aggregate of mineral matter constituting a significant part of the earth's crust." A rock, by definition is not infinitely large. So, to say that the rock must be so big that God cannot pick it up is to say that the rock is no longer a rock.  What the critics are asking is that God become self contradictory as a proof He doesn't exist. Their assertion is illogical from the start. So what they are doing is trying to get God to be illogical. They want to use illogic to prove God doesn't exist instead of logic. It doesn't work and the "paradox" is self-refuting and invalid.  That is the most blatant, long winded, tongue twister of an example of moving the goalposts I've ever seen. You've simply defined God to fit the occasion.   Since when did God have a "nature"?  Since when are you able to define God's nature?   I thought he was infinite and all powerful?  I've lost any respect I might have had for carm.com.  Waxy  P.S. "Rock" is in no way limited by size in its definition (the earth or a pebble, they're both rock), and could conceivable be infinite.
matter is not the sourse of concepts.  If there is no matter, and nothing exists, how can there be concepts?  Please explain.  Waxy
http://www.ieau.it/eng/pensierofilosofico2.htm  More grist.
matter is not the sourse of concepts.  logic is not dependent on matter  Why would you argue that man and/or mind is composed of nothing but matter?
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God?  They are constructs of man.
Logical truths simply follow from the way in which concepts are defined.  1 + 1 = 2 is true and always true because of the meaning of (1), the + sign, and =. They are not dependent on matter, nor are they dependent on god.  It is true regardless of whether there is any matter which the number 1 can be used to describe, or regardless of whether any conscious being exists which can think it.  These are not concepts created by man, but discovered by him.  How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion?   I am not sure what you mean here by derived. If you mean created, they are certainly not created by the physical universe, they are true regardless of whether any universe exists at all.   Yes this may contradict the view of some "strict" naturalists, who claim that the physical, material world is all that exists, but they simply deny that things like the "law of non-contradiction" exist at all. If you say it exists, they will ask you to point to its physical manifestation.
I have refuted this before, look at other posts. No you haven't. You expressed your opinion but refuted nothing.
 1+1=2 if we know the meaning or not  Thank you for repeating me.  where do concepts come from when all that exist is matter, we know concepts are outside and are not dependent on matter or experence, or being discovered (if we did not discover them they would still exist) how can matter bring about something that is not matter  Logical truths do not come from "somewhere", your question makes as much sense as "What time is a moose?".  You do not appear to have read my post at all, variously repeating what I have said and addressing things I did not say.  how can matter bring about something that is not matter  If you mean created, they are certainly not created by the physical universe, they are true regardless of whether any universe exists at all.   where do concepts come from when all that exist is matter  Concepts do not "come from" somewhere, they are not physical entities and do not have physical properties such as locations, beginnings or ends.  They do not require a creator, physical (the universe) or imaginary (God).
if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. That the thinking of some men is flawed does not mean the constructs of others is in error.
...how can matter bring about something that is not matter You mean like music?
Good has nothing do with logic. Explain what good and logic have in common???? i didnt mention good anywhere in my post  The Christian theistic worldview can account for the laws of logic by stating that they come from God.  God is transcendent; that is, He is beyond the material universe being its creator.  God has originated the laws of logic because they are a reflection of His nature.  Therefore, the laws of logic are absolute.  The are absolute because there is an absolute God.  The atheistic worldview cannot account for the laws of logic/absolutes, and must borrow from the Christian worldview in order to rationally argue. this is totally false. the laws of logic being absolute does nothing to support a case for god. in fact, everything the bible tells us about god's nature indicates that god is illogical, unpredictable, unreliable and irreplicable. this is totally the opposite of logic
if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs. very true. logic exists whether people are there to grasps its concepts or not.  where we disagree is at your assumption that god created logic. how can this be? logic is not contingent on any intelligent entity, whether it be man or god, to exist. the logic of increasing a quantity by adding to it would remain whether god existed or not. you have yet to tie the existence of logic to god as its cause
Abram, I would suggest you study cognitive processes and the evolution of both the human body and the human mind. We take reality and describe it in our minds and thus form it into abstract concepts which we can operate with. Or, for more fun, just read a few articles on camouflage. You'll see that you don't become invisible by looking exactly like your surroundings, but by simply not looking like anything at all to the observer's eye.
Logical truths simply follow from the way in which concepts are defined.  1 + 1 = 2 is true and always true because of the meaning of (1), the + sign, and =. They are not dependent on matter, nor are they dependent on god.  It is true regardless of whether there is any matter which the number 1 can be used to describe, or regardless of whether any conscious being exists which can think it.  These are not concepts created by man, but discovered by him.  I'm still having a hard time with this.   If nothing exists, no matter, then how can "the number one" exist? On what basis is it defined?   If there is only nothing, then you can't add to it, like I said 0+0=0.  I know this is getting slightly off topic and philosophical, but it would seem to me that "concepts", and I'm not sure exactly how that's being defined, must have a basis in reality, and therefore in matter.  I am not sure what you mean here by derived. If you mean created, they are certainly not created by the physical universe, they are true regardless of whether any universe exists at all.   Yes this may contradict the view of some "strict" naturalists, who claim that the physical, material world is all that exists, but they simply deny that things like the "law of non-contradiction" exist at all. If you say it exists, they will ask you to point to its physical manifestation.  I agree in that they are not created. I disagree in that IMHO, they are a function of our physical universe.   IMHO, you don't have the concept without the universe to "define" it.   I don't know, it's too early in the AM, maybe someone can point out the errors in my thinking.  Waxy
carm.com explains it well. Your loss of respect towards carm does not change anything.  I just pointed out to you several problems with carm's explanation.  You don't care to comment on those?   Did they not have anything you could cut and paste so you simply avoided the questions?  Waxy
if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.  If I search long enough, I can probably find someone who doesn't think 2+2=4.   Does that invalidate it as being correct?  Waxy
Concepts do not "come from" somewhere, they are not physical entities and do not have physical properties such as locations, beginnings or ends.  They do not require a creator, physical (the universe) or imaginary (God).  This is my thinking exactly.   Waxy
We take reality and describe it in our minds and thus form it into abstract concepts which we can operate with. This is my understanding as well. Interestingly, concepts only approximate that which they intend to define. Confusion between concept and actuality is fertile ground for misunderstanding.
I'm still having a hard time with this.   If nothing exists, no matter, then how can "the number one" exist? On what basis is it defined?   If there is only nothing, then you can't add to it, like I said 0+0=0.  I know this is getting slightly off topic and philosophical, but it would seem to me that "concepts", and I'm not sure exactly how that's being defined, must have a basis in reality, and therefore in matter.  I agree in that they are not created. I disagree in that IMHO, they are a function of our physical universe.   IMHO, you don't have the concept without the universe to "define" it.   I don't know, it's too early in the AM, maybe someone can point out the errors in my thinking.  Waxy addition works in the intangible as well. 1 minute + 1 minute = 2 minutes. 1 idea + 1 idea = 2 ideas. the concept of quantity is not limited to matter.   if there was just a vaccous void were absolutely nothing was happening, then there would be no application of logic. but even that in itself would be logical. nothing + nothing = nothing is logical. it would actually be logical if a void with nothing added to it result in something. so even in a void, logic still prevails
Yes, but then, concepts are also physical as patterns in neural networks, carbon layers on cellulose sheets and electric charges.  ( the above is an answer to You said there are not physical entities. The atheists world in only physical, posting simultaneously can lead to trouble)
You said there are not physical entities. The atheists world in only physical this is not true. the intangible, such as time, ideas and emotions, are just as real to atheists as anybody else. atheists dont subscribe to a spiritual realm, but that doesnt mean they dont agree on the existence of the non-physical. there is a difference
addition works in the intangible as well. 1 minute + 1 minute = 2 minutes. 1 idea + 1 idea = 2 ideas. the concept of quantity is not limited to matter.   if there was just a vaccous void were absolutely nothing was happening, then there would be no application of logic. but even that in itself would be logical. nothing + nothing = nothing is logical. it would actually be logical if a void with nothing added to it result in something. so even in a void, logic still prevails  I think I understand what you're getting at, I'm just having trouble accepting it.  I'm not sure the application to the abstract nullifes the need to have something concrete on which to base the concept.  Perhaps I'm getting too philosohpical, but I just can't get past the need (my need) to have a basis for the concept in observable matter.   Would the concept exist if there was no matter or no means to test/validate it? I know you've said yes, I'm struggling with how. How do you make the jump from nothing to addition of nothing, when there is nothing to add, or for that matter (no pun intended), to even suggest or being to define the concept of addition?  Could the concept potentially be different in another universe/reality? Are the concepts limited by our current ability to understand them? etc... etc....   Interesting thread on concepts anyhoo, it's got me thinking, as for linking it to proof of God, well, that's a non-starter.  Waxy
Abram, I would suggest you study cognitive processes and the evolution of both the human body and the human mind. We take reality and describe it in our minds and thus form it into abstract concepts which we can operate with. Or, for more fun, just read a few articles on camouflage. You'll see that you don't become invisible by looking exactly like your surroundings, but by simply not looking like anything at all to the observer's eye.Iuris, there is something, I want to say something Zenlike in this statement--but I am not sure.
Your making a bunch of arbitrary statments. i didnt make any statements. i asked you to kindly explain the relationship between the existence of god and te existence of logic. you are claiming that logic can only exist because god created logic. please explain
Concepts are real in the atheists worldview, but they still have not (cannot) account for them.  by the way, how do you know things? i think your presumed definition of what an atheist is the source of some of the problems here  an atheist is someone who believes that god doesnt exist. this has nothing to do with a belief or lack thereof of the intangible.  concepts are not spiritual entities and dont require a spiritual realm to exist. a concept is an idea about how something works. for example, electricity is a concept. it is the theory that electrons jump from orbitting one atom to the next in a conductive material, causing a "flow" of electrons. this has nothing to do with god or a spiritual realm.  addition, as we have discussed here, is also a concept. a quantity of something increases as you add to it. there is nothing supernatural or miraculous about it
The atheist needs to explain how something can exist that's not material, cannot be observed, and is absolute. again, please review the definition of an atheist  humor cannot be observed by apparatus that test the physical realm. it is an abstract and intangible quality. so is beauty, artistic ability and pleasure. yet these things exist and are as real to an atheist as it is to a theist. an atheist does not need a devine revelation to appreciate intangible qualities or account for their existence. they can be detected through mental processing, and communicated so that others can agree on the quality and identify it when it is present.  being an atheist does not preclude belief in the existence of intangible and abstract things. it just precludes the belief in god and a spiritual/supernatural realm
During the course of evolution, our brains evolved in such a manner as to develop the ability to recognize patterns and make predictions. With this ability, we observed pattern in the world around us. These observations we stored as "rules", as "laws of physics". The term for these observations (in the context of this thread) is concepts.  What these concepts really really are, if you go to the very lowest level, is: -thoughts in our minds, which is patterns in our neural network, sited in the organ known as brain -written form of these, either as writing (carbon on cellulose=pencil on paper) or more modern modes of storage (like electric charges in chips, burnt spots on CDs and similar)  Beyond that, they do not exist.
Sounds like lots of arbitrary statements. 's what science says on the subject, far as I know.  Your assuming things to be true, and attacking the person not the argument. I never laid a bleemin' post on you, all I did was direct you to read up on how our minds work, what little we know about it. At worst, it was done in a dismissive tone, that's not an attack on you at all.
No, because 2+2= 4 if you agree with it or not.  It's a concept that is not dependent on man to agree with it.  That's EXACTLY the point. Regardless of whether or not human minds think differently, whichever mind produced and agrees that 2+2=4 is absolutely correct, the rest are wrong.   We know this because we can observe and test the concept in the physical world and prove that it is true.   This goes for just about anything, dissention in the face of facts does not change the facts.  IMHO, this invalidates your claim that something produced in the human mind is not absolute due to some human minds being contradictory.  Originally Posted by Abram DeWeese if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.  If you want to argue that facts can change with our understanding, ie the world being flat, and are therefore not absolute, then you must also allow that 2+2 is not necessarily equal to 4 depending on our understanding, and therefore not absolute.  Philosophically, I'm not sure there are any absolute absolutes.  Waxy  P.S. I'm beginning to understand the point you're trying to make, ie where did the "absolutes" we observe in the physical world, and extend to the abstract, come from? You say God.  I believe the problem with your line of reasoning lies in your definition of atheist, as unkerpaulie and others have pointed out to you.
During the course of evolution, our brains evolved in such a manner as to develop the ability to recognize patterns and make predictions. With this ability, we observed pattern in the world around us. These observations we stored as "rules", as "laws of physics". The term for these observations (in the context of this thread) is concepts.  What these concepts really really are, if you go to the very lowest level, is: -thoughts in our minds, which is patterns in our neural network, sited in the organ known as brain -written form of these, either as writing (carbon on cellulose=pencil on paper) or more modern modes of storage (like electric charges in chips, burnt spots on CDs and similar)  Beyond that, they do not exist.  Thank you Iuris, for summarizing what I couldn't seem to on my own.  This pretty much sums up my thoughts on the issue and my reason for believing that "concepts" are based on the physical world and therefore matter.  Waxy
your equating "belief in the existence of intangible and abstract things" with God. i went to great lengths in my last point to show the DIFFERENCE between intangible things and god. if you missed it, ill explain again.  here are a list of abstract qualities: joy, hunger, historical importance, fairness, etc.  these cannot be measured or judged by apparatus  atheists acknowledge the existence of these things  atheists do not acknowledge god  the intangible qualities i've listed have NOTHING to do with the existence of god  you can[t] pick and choose what intangible and abstract things to believe in ummm... yes you can. i dont believe that a supernatural realm nor in god exists. i believe that joy and hunger exists. all are intangible, but i believe in some and dont believe in some  getting back to the topic, things like logical concepts can be acknowledged by atheists without god's existence. the logic of addition and equilibrium and things like that, they have been proven to be consistent and absolute, so they are believable  god, on the other hand, has been described as "mysterious" and "beyond our understanding". there is nothing predictable, reliable, consistent or duplicable about any aspect or quality of god. god is clearly not absolutely, and cannot be described or defined in logical and absolute terms.  the ironic thing about this thread is that weve demonstrated countless times that in other for theists to maintain their belief in god, they inevitably must reject logic. the application of logic undermines the fundamentals of faith. the more logic is applied, the more faith dwindles. an atheist's firm grasp on logic is usually the main reason why he rejects the belief that god exists
Atheism: " An atheist is someone who believes and/or knows there is no god."  "An atheist lacks belief in a god."  "An atheist exercises no faith in the concept of god at all."  "An atheist is someone who is free from religious oppression and bigotry."  "An atheist is someone who is a free-thinker, free from religion and its ideas."  (carm.org)  in other words, someone that does not believe in God.  im i getting close to the defination of an atheist? those definitions are all correct. please note that nothing in the definition implies that an atheist must reject everything that is not physical or tangible. the intangible and abstract things have nothing to do with atheism, because they have nothing to do with god
Atheism: " An atheist is someone who believes and/or knows there is no god."  "An atheist lacks belief in a god."  "An atheist exercises no faith in the concept of god at all."  "An atheist is someone who is free from religious oppression and bigotry."  "An atheist is someone who is a free-thinker, free from religion and its ideas."  (carm.org)  in other words, someone that does not believe in God.  im i getting close to the defination of an atheist?  Even using this definition, explain how you get from there to the point you're trying to make. It simply doesn't follow without you expanding the definition above to suit your needs - re: a something based solely on matter.  Waxy
That's EXACTLY the point. Regardless of whether or not human minds think differently, whichever mind produced and agrees that 2+2=4 is absolutely correct, the rest are wrong.   We know this because we can observe and test the concept in the physical world and prove that it is true.   This goes for just about anything, dissention in the face of facts does not change the facts.  IMHO, this invalidates your claim that something produced in the human mind is not absolute due to some human minds being contradictory. this gave me an interesting idea. 2+2=4. you say we know this because we can place 2 groups of 2 matchsticks on the table together and count them (lol in kindergarten they used to make us add with match sticks! go figure)  but how do we know that 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters + 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters = 4,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters? there is no way we could test this in the physical world to prove that it is true. yet because addition is a logical and consistent process, there is no doubt that the sum is correct. it demonstrates that the logic of addition and equilibrium would work even without physical evidence
first question: how do your know things? we know things because we have consistently demonstrated them to be true. in other words, they have been proven  consider this statement: touching a hot pot will burn me  i know that a hot pot will burn me because i've consistently been burned by hot pots when i touch them. this is personal experience and the first level of proof.   expanding on this, we know that fire converts propane gas (in the stove) from chemical energy to thermal energy. we also know that thermal energy is conducted through and temporarily stored in metal objects, such as a pot. and we know that our nervous system has sensors in our fingertips that detect temperature and causes us to feel a painful sensation when it detects something very hot. so touching a hot pot will burn me. this is scientific evidence and the second level of proof  either level of proof is enough to consider the statement to be true. when we mentally affirm a statement we consider to be true, we "know" that it is true   ill answer your follow up question right away. 'knowing" something by faith is different from "knowing" something by evidence, in that it is the opposite. faith is considering a statement to be true at the lack of evidence or in the face of contradictory evidence. i may "know" that a hot pot will burn me because i have been told, but havent proven this myself. this "knowledge" is based on faith, and continues to be based on faith until i have evidence that this is true. as time goes on and i experience being burnt by pots or understand the mechanics of being burnt by hot pots, i no longer rely on the faith i had in being told, because i have enough evidence to know that it is true for myself   an atheist "knows" things through evidence. specifically concerning things of god and the supernatural, there is simply no evidence of a consistent and reliable condition. "evidence" for god's existence is usually very sporadic and unpredictable, and its simply not consistent enough to be considered evidence, so the statements based thereon are considered not true
this gave me an interesting idea. 2+2=4. you say we know this because we can place 2 groups of 2 matchsticks on the table together and count them (lol in kindergarten they used to make us add with match sticks! go figure)  but how do we know that 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters + 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters = 4,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters? there is no way we could test this in the physical world to prove that it is true. yet because addition is a logical and consistent process, there is no doubt that the sum is correct. it demonstrates that the logic of addition and equilibrium would work even without physical evidence  It's still an extrapolation (using logic) that is based on the physically observable.  Without first observing it and testing the hypothesis using the physical, we would have no basis for the extrapolation, or the logic the extrapolation is based on.  Waxy
is it safe to say you know things by sense perception? i take it you didnt bother to read anything i wrote  personal experience can be perception, but its not the only form of personal experience, and its not the only way we can know things. i clearly said that there are 2 levels of evidence, personal experience and scientific evidence. please just read my post
You can do what you want with numbers, but you have to use the Laws of Logic inorder to make any hypothesis. ummm... you form your hypothesis first, then apply science and logic to it to test whether its true. not the other way around  the post was addressed to waxy anyway, and is a tangent from the main point youve been discussing. it is not an attack on your position.
It's still an extrapolation (using logic) that is based on the physically observable.  Without first observing it and testing the hypothesis using the physical, we would have no basis for the extrapolation, or the logic the extrapolation is based on.  Waxy the logic works, but we cant verify it in the physical realm. youll never be able to put 2 groups of 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters together and count them as you would 4 matchsticks. we know that addition works, and that extrapolation (in this case) would work on the same principles of logic. but you could never verify it physically, since it would be physically impossible. yet it would not be necessary to physical prove the sum. i see your point, but the point is that it can be proven without the use of material objects and what not
You can do what you want with numbers, but you have to use the Laws of Logic inorder to make any hypothesis.  The post wasn't meant for you, but at any rate, I see you don't understand the scientific method.  The laws of logic have nothing to do with forming a hypothesis, they come in when one attempts to test the hypothesis.  Underlining something doesn't make it correct.  Waxy  On Edit: I see unkerpaulie addressed this as well.
the logic works, but we cant verify it in the physical realm. youll never be able to put 2 groups of 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters together and count them as you would 4 matchsticks. we know that addition works, and that extrapolation (in this case) would work on the same principles of logic. but you could never verify it physically, since it would be physically impossible. yet it would not be necessary to physical prove the sum. i see your point, but the point is that it can be proven without the use of material objects and what not  I agree for the most part. However, without the knowledge and absolute certainty of being able to physically test the hypothesis (2+2=4) and prove it true, we would not be able to use the extrapolation of that hypothesis to derive the answer in your scenario with the same degree of certainty.  I would liken it to the difference between a scientic theory - evolution, gravity, etc.... and mathematics. We can prove absolutely that 2+2=4, despite all of the evidence for evolution, gravity, etc..., they cannot be tested physically or derived using logic to provide absolute certainty.   Without absolute physical proof and the ability to physically, and repeatably,  test something, it cannot be considered absolute.  Anyhoo, I'm so offtrack, I could be arguing against myself at this point. :)   Waxy
As far as I can tell, this "logic is abstract and beyond the material, and beyond the human mind, so it must come from God" idea is no different to Intelligent Design or people who ask "So what caused the Big Bang?"  The fact that there are   1) Things which are so complex that we do not yet understand them  2) Abstract concepts which cannot be quantified  3) Laws of logic which exist independent of us  are all intriguing subjects worth talking about, but no matter how many billions of arguments I hear on the subject, not one comes anywhere near convincing me that the only explanation is that God must exist in order for these perplexing aspects of existence to exist. The opening post:    How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute. Being absolute they transcend space and time. They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). So, how do they account for them?  OK, I agree that the "laws of logic" themselves are conceptual by nature. However the rest of this statement is flawed. The laws of logic that we are aware of are concepts which we have noted as we have become more aware of the way in which the universe works. Even though these logical truths would exist independently of us, they would not exist independently of the universe.  While they are not properties of the physical universe, they are properties of the interactions and possibilities which take place within the universe. They do not have to come from anywhere. They exist as a result of the existence of the universe and its physical configuration, not as a result of the existence of God.   Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.  Both of your examples are simply the product of the fact that on a macroscopic scale, we live in a highly ordered universe where matter and energy ebb and flow in predictable patterns. Objects and phenomena in our universe obey four basic forces which give rise to all physical interactions, and can be measured and tested, hence cannot be more than one thing at once, and can be shown to have happened or not to have happened. One does not need God at this point in the argument. (On the quantum scale however, neither of these statements describe experimental data satisfactorily.)   How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion? In other words, how can an atheist with a naturalistic presupposition account for the existence of logical absolutes when logical absolutes are conceptual by nature and not physical, energy, or motion?  Absolute, conceptual, abstract laws are derived from the universe of matter, energy and motion through the working of the human mind. Before human minds existed, 2 mountains and two mountains were still 4 mountains, planets followed their orbits, entropy increased. The universe does not need God to tell it how to work, it does it on its own as a result of its own configuration. These abstract logical concepts existed before us, but it is us who has termed them "abstract concepts", otherwise they are just The Way Things Work.  My comparison to other "big questions" was relevant to all this because it is a common phenomenon for people to attribute things we do not fully comprehend to the existence of the Divine.    I am intrigued by these questions ADW is posing though, just to see where they go. But "is it safe to say you know things by sense perception?" seems like a loaded question to me. You asked "How do you know things?" and I think unkerpaulie answered fully and satisfactorily. Where do you go from there?
I can't believe it took you guys 8 pages to figure out that the thread he started wasn't his original thoughts on this whole discussion.  Go back and read his first post. I'm out of my league in this sort of debate, but general knowledge told me he didn't come up with those comparisons. He laid all his cards on the table at once.  I see that a lot here, threads started without the poster even making a comment. Personal thoughts on the subject matter would help.emoticon_xgood   I believe Ambram brought up some interesting debate material, he just started in too quick.   Ambram. Know your foe before you do battle. :xbanghead This can be a rough place sometimes. I was a victim last week.emoticon_xhoho
Just because i am not responding does not mean they have won the debate. They have yet to explain how something non-material can exist in a universe that is only material. Atheists cannot account for the laws of logic. How do you know that the laws of logic exist? can you tast, smell, feel, see or touch the laws of logic? of course not.  Er, I have? All that about neuron patterns and stuff, remember?
They have yet to explain how something non-material can exist in a universe that is only material. Atheists cannot account for the laws of logic. How do you know that the laws of logic exist? can you tast, smell, feel, see or touch the laws of logic? of course not. i explained this in 2 long posts that you still seem to have simply overlooked. i fully answered your question and then some. you dont need to physically experience something to know it exists. you are still working with a false definitin of what an atheist is
ok, thanks for your message, i understand.  Just because i am not responding does not mean they have won the debate. They have yet to explain how something non-material can exist in a universe that is only material. Atheists cannot account for the laws of logic. How do you know that the laws of logic exist? can you tast, smell, feel, see or touch the laws of logic? of course not.  Do you read the responses, or are you too busy waiting to cut and paste your next segment from carm.com?  Unkerpaulie, Iuris, myself and others have REPEATEDLY pointed out to you the flaws both in your logic and in your definition of atheist.  You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.  Waxy
i know, it was to draw the readers attention  That's your response to the post?  No counter arguement? No thoughts of your own on the subject?  Repetition, cut and paste, and one sentence responses with no personal thoughts or ideas conveyed is not the best manner to try and get your point across.  After reading Maineiac's post and reading back a couple pages I've realized that the bulk of my debate on this thread has been with unkerpaulie, someone that I agree with regarding the intial subject of the thread, and not with you in any way.   I'm quickly losing interest in debating with someone that is incapable of debate.  Waxy
I can't believe it took you guys 8 pages to figure out that the thread he started wasn't his original thoughts on this whole discussion.  You'll actually find that I addressed the source of his argument near the top of page 2.  But shhhhh, we're hunting wabbits.emoticon_xkill
You cannot acount for the Laws of Logic, you have to be inconsistant in your woldview to hold to atheism. A world of only matter can not account for something that exists outside of matter and non-material. please define atheism, in your own words, not a dictionary.com copy and paster
http://www.ieau.it/eng/pensierofilosofico2.htm  More grist.Much obliged, sinjin.  Now I can pitch a royal hissyfit about not wanting to be   ETHICALLY EVOLVED!!!  I DON'T WANNA!!!  I DON'T WANNA BE ETHICALLY EVOLVED!!! STOMP! STOMP!
You cannot acount for the Laws of Logic, you have to be inconsistant in your woldview to hold to atheism. A world of only matter can not account for something that exists outside of matter and non-material. A "world of only matter" is what you've assigned to atheists as their belief, not what they themselves choose to believe. How many times and ways can you be told this?:xbanghead
And I even replied to you exactly how it works in a purely material universe. I hope you start arguing soon enough, bcause so far, you have failed to present any actual aruments...
i can not prove 100% that God exist, the atheist can not prove100% that God does not exist because absolute proof is not posible. However, theisn better fites the evidence than atheism.  Only if you make invalid assumptions.
Much obliged, sinjin.  Now I can pitch a royal hissyfit about not wanting to be   ETHICALLY EVOLVED!!!  I DON'T WANNA!!!  I DON'T WANNA BE ETHICALLY EVOLVED!!! STOMP! STOMP!  Je vous en prie mademoiselle.
"There is no proof that God exists" is quite accurate. Only the deepest philosophy will come to the point of seriously debating the fault in the statement, which is that as we are posessed of imperfect knowledge we cannot deny the possibility that some as yet undiscovered proof of god might exist. In this case, we'd modify the statement to "There is no known proof that God exists." However, in the context, what you are doing is not deep philosophy, but nitpicking.  As for the laws of logic, once more I shall try to explain from another angle: logic, mathematics and similar are ways in which we describe the universe. Take an apple. Take another apple. Now you have two apples, but you don't actually have two of the same things. You just recognize that apples are similar one to another and that it is reasonable to invent the nonexistent context of an abstract apple.  While this may be somewhat unclear, it is clarified if you take an apple and a pear. You now have two fruits. However, you will notice that there is no fruit in reality, only apples, pears, peaches and so on. Fruit is an abstract concept. That abstract concept exists only as a set of criteria within our minds. Even so, these concepts are not universal, which is immediately obvious once you notice the various things people consider fruit even though they fail to meet some criteria, thus showing their non-universality.  This is how abstract concept can "exist" in our minds, without having an existence of their own. And these concepts are something we invented. Until you are introduced to one, you don't have knowledge of them. For example, you have no knowledge of the concept of "hofflenosh", which is what this thread is all about, but it is still an abstract concept.  As for science and God, you do have a point, but you are also misrepresenting that point. Science is about studying the natural world, if you define it as the world that we can in some way observe, that has some effect on us. While this does mean that science cannot study that which may exist without affecting our reality, it must also be noted that it is not possible to study anything that has absolutely no effect on us by any means, not even logic and philosophy.  Also, while the purely philosophical argument does hold water, making the position of agnosticism theoretically more accurate than either atheism or religion, one must realize the limits of what this argument means.  First, it does not prove the existence of god.  Second, it does not extend very far when it comes to real life. Religion is not just about philosophical debate, it also makes several demands of real life. Observance of rituals, setting up taboos, establishing morality and similar. In order to accapt these, however, one must be able to substantiate them with arguments based upon reality.  Here, we get into different waters. The arguments proposed by the religious often lack a suitable amount of rational support. In the case of those that don't, science can often offer alternative explanations that turn out to be better supported and more likely. In the case of these arguments, atheism is actually a valid position.  And, just in case: "I declare that I know the existence of an entity of a higher order, beyond the ken of mortals, and that this entity demands that we cease existing immediately, for which it offers to reward us with an eternity of blissful nonexistence. If we do not comply, it threatens to utterly destroy us all." Just to prevent any tricky ideas about there being only one and such...
In my own words, 'a' means no, and 'theos' means God. Someone that believes there is no God. In other words, God does not exist. good. we agree. bear this in mind for future reference
you know things by using your senses personal experience as evidence has a lot to do with sensory projection. however, it is evidence because it results in the same sensory experiences consistently. scientific evidence is not subject to sensory projection. this can be physically measured and tested  Truth is relative? Changes from person to person?  thats not what i said. i said "when we mentally affirm a statement we consider to be true". not everyone affirms the same things as true. knowledge changes from person to person. truth is, regardless of if it is known or not  carm makes a good point about this: "There is no proof that God exists" To say "there is no proof for God's existence," is illogical because an atheist cannot know all things by which he could state that there is no proof. He can only say he has not yet seen a convincing proof; after all, there may be one he hasn't yet seen.   Your presupposition is that science has no evidence for God, but that is only an opinion.  Science looks at natural phenomena through measuring, weighing, seeing, etc. God, by definition, is not limited to the universe. Therefore, it would not be expected that physical detection of God would be found.  it is correct to say that science has not found any proof for god yet. therefore, as of now, there is no proof of god's existence, furthermore, you describe god as "not limited to the universe". to me this implies that god is beyond physical, sensory and scientific detection. if such is the case, there will never be scientific proof for god  how do you know that the laws of logic exists? did you experence the "law of non-contradiction "? tested it for awhile? the atheist knows things through evidence. Show me the law of non-controdiction? the law of non-contradiction is true because it has been consistently and reliably proven to be true. you cannot know your name and not know your name at the same time. therefore this logical law is true.
I can see why people would be drawn to atheism, wow, "eternitly of blissful non-existence" as an atheist it does not matter what you do, life has no meaning, we are atoms banging around, you do whatever you want, rape murder or be the next hitler. If you want to be a mother taresa, thats fine too because there is no difference in Hitler, Stalin, Lenin, Mao and Mother Taresa because at the end they all have the same concsiquences: non-existance. i wont go how you totally misread and misunderstood irius' arguments about logic, but ill respond to this final remark  atheism as a way of life has nothing to do with finding life meaningless or devalued. as atheists we realize that there is no hereafter so what we do while we are alive is what counts, not because we hope we can buy our way into heaven by being nice, but because we can make earth a better place by being nice. theist doctrine promotes "laying up treasures in heaven". it means you have a greater interest in a heaven that awaits you after life, than in the earth you occupy during life. terms like "passing through" and "not my home" demonstrate even more that theists dont see earth as the ultimate realm to work at improving. instead, you see this as a "test" or "dress rehearsal" and eternal residence in heaven is your goal. if you really think about it, you are the ones that see life on earth as of little worth, since this is only a means by which you can get a later reward. the atheist sees life on earth as the reward in itself
I can see why people would be drawn to atheism, wow, "eternitly of blissful non-existence" as an atheist it does not matter what you do, life has no meaning, we are atoms banging around, you do whatever you want, rape murder or be the next hitler. If you want to be a mother taresa, thats fine too because there is no difference in Hitler, Stalin, Lenin, Mao and Mother Taresa because at the end they all have the same concsiquences: non-existance.  Ignoring the fact that you completely missed the logic of Iuris' post, choosing to instead repeat your carm.com mantra......   Why am I not surprised that you've resorted to this B.S.? The stupidity of it makes it fairly clear that this is the first actual contribution of your own thoughts not cut and pasted from carm.com to the thread.  I take offense at being likened to Hitler and Stalin because I don't share your belief in a supernatural being. Your statements are utter nonsense and typical of those with a lack of mental capacity to reason or understand anything beyond the pablum that's spewed out for them on carm.com. (yes, that is attacking the person and not the argument, sometimes ad hominems are just the best response.)   I think unkerpaulie did an excellent job of making the reasons for the ignorance of your post clear to you. You have a strange and twisted view of atheism, even for an "ex-atheist". emoticon_rolleyes  The internet is a double edged sword, it can expand people's minds and open up a world of new knowledge, or in the wrong hands, close people's minds completely by blinding them with BS.  I think I'm done with this thread. It's become the definition of insanity to continue the debate.  Waxy
I am new to 4forums so I don't know how to quote very good yet, but that's not the issue at hand. Again, your example is not an example of the laws of logic because logic is a concept and cannot be observed. Putting your hand in the fire has everything to do with nerves not logic; saying that A then B does not follow because someone could tie your hand (I know people that will burn themselves) in a fire and then A would not equal B, however the laws of logic cannot be violated.The logic is in knowing beforehand that your hand will be burned if stuck into a fire. This has nothing to do with the physical aspects of heat, nerves and burning skin.    Logic cannot come from experience because people's experiences change and are different which means that the laws of logic could change. Logic does not come from your mother's teaching because not everyone has a mother and mothers think differently. Please introduce me to someone who has no mother.  The deductions regarding experiments in physics involve logic and logical conclusions based upon repeated observations of things happening around us.  To logically conclude that an apple will fall to the ground if released from any given height above the ground has no dependence whatsoever on whether a god made all this matter that we're part of.    Again, if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily.You mistakenly imply that if a certain group doesn't understand the logic, then the logic is invalid.    If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.This contradicts the fact that logic is an invention born of brain power. If there were no living beings, there would be no logic. There would be plenty to think about but nobody to do any thinking requiring what we know today as logic. Logic is TOTALLY a human construct.  ...and since it has nothing at all to do with the existence of God, atheists are just as good at it as the Bible Thumpers. As a matter of fact, I know an atheist who is far more logical than anyone else I've heard to date.
All right, could anyone read my last post and explain to me whether I wrote it in an incomprehensive way or it's just Abram that doesn't get it?
i think you lost him at apples somewhere... So before "we invented" the laws of logic they did not exist? Something could be itself and not itself at the same time, before "we invented" the law of non-contradiction? abram, he's saying, before we invented the concept of "fruit", the concept of "fruit" did not exist. a fruit is both a thing and a term that collecively defines a group of things. each "fruit" is a physical thing with an identity of its own, such as apples, oranges, pears, etc, and none of them are simply a "fruit". therefore no such thing as a "fruit" exists, except the general concept that collectively defines apples, oranges, pears, etc. (why am i even bothering)  here is the proof that the law of non-contradiction exists (again)  you cannot know your name and not know your name at the same time. therefore the logic of non-contradiction is true.
What the hell, may as well try again...  the laws of logic must come from God because universial, unchanging, non-material, absolute concepts (laws of logic) cannot exist when all there is, is matter.  But this is not a logical conclusion.   1) The universe is purely a physical entity  2) The many elements of the universe interact with each other predictably  3) Humans have extrapolated logical laws from this predictability.   4) These laws include physical theory and the more fundamental logical laws such as non-contradiction.  5) These laws exist independent of humanity  6) These laws do not exist independent of the universe  7) These laws have no meaning without the human mind to categorise them  8) These laws, whilst not a property of the physical universe, are a function of the physical universe  9) These laws do not need God to exist.
Iuris, even I, the great quibbler, cannot quibble about anything in your post.
Abram, when a chess computer plays chess it uses what are essentially concepts of a chess board, chess pieces, and the rules of chess.   Go ahead Abram, open up the "thinking" part of a chess computer and show me the physical chess board and physical chess pieces that the computer moves around on it while analyzing a position. You can't: they don't exist ... not as their physical selves. Instead, logic circuits model these entities - they create immaterial representations of physical objects and then manipulate the representations logically. And the rules of chess - analogous to the laws of logic - are programmed into the computer: ultimately, they exist as some organization of matter even though you can't see, feel, hear, smell, or taste rule of chess  So Abram, would you argue that chess computers are more than just matter? Do you claim that chess computer possess a soul?
abram: Chess computers run only on electricity.  A human brain runs on electricity too. For example, "electrical impulses" called action potentials propagate along neuronal axons.  abram: A computer is only matter (electricity is a form of matter).  A human brain is likewise only matter.   Both a chess computer and a human brain can solve problems that they have never encountered before, and they do so using logical rules. Rules of chess or rules of logic that you can't touch, taste, smell, hear, or see.  abram: The way a computer works as if it is intelligent, but is really works because it is following what has been pre-programmed.  Irrelevant. The important fact is that a computer is ONLY matter and yet can use "non-physical" rules - rules that you can't see, smell, touch, hear, or taste.  abram: All [a computer] does is follow the physical laws.  So show me valid evidence that the brain does not do likewise!  abram: Computers do not use concepts!  What I said was that a chess computers uses what are essentially concepts. And they do, as I explained.   What they move around to analyze a chess position is not actual, physical chess pieces that can be seen and touched, but rather logical representations of them that are manipulated by their information processing circuitry. For example, a white king might be logically represented as a 32-bit binary string similar to 10101010010101110101011110100100. That's not a physical king that you can pick up and move on your chess board: it doesn't have the same mass, height, volume, color, or other physical properties as an actual, physical white king. It is a logical representation of a particular chess piece.   Similarly, a white king in our brain is represented by a particular pattern of brain activation: a specific set of neurons fire when we see or recall a white king. There is no actual physical chess piece inside our brain, but rather a logical representation of it. That representation does not have the same mass, height, volume, color, or other physical properties of the actual object it stand in for.  abram: When you make a move on a chess game, it is like turning on the lights in room. All you are doing is sending an electrical single to the computer that must follow what has been pre-programmed.  And when a stream of photons bouncing off of an apple strikes our retinas, electrical signals are sent to our brain, which then interprets them as representing an apple according to preexisting images stored in our memory.  abram: E-mail Dell or something; ask a computer expert if computers have concepts.  Dell? LOL! No thanks, I already have a BS in CIS and have been a professional computer programmer and database manager for the past 10 or so years.  abram: Computers are noting but physical matter.  Our brains are nothing but physical matter: if you believe otherwise, then you have an unobservable claim that requires evidence. So demonstrate it.  abram: I have answered your question but as I said, I am done with this topic.  You already said you were done in this thread, then posted again. So you said one thing but your actions were quite the opposite. Jesus has a word for people like you: "Hypocrite!".  abram: My position still stands...  Only in your personal opinion. Many people have shown it to be flawed, but like some many other Christians, when presented evidence against your position, you essentially shut your eyes, plug your fingers in your ears, and are start muttering "blah blah blah": then claim no one has countered you.  abram: Look everyone there are the laws of logic...hum I can't see them...are they under that rock? You said everything is material.   Look everyone, a computer using rules of chess .... Hum I can't see them ... maybe if I open up the CPU? A purely material chess computer can still use immaterial rules of chess to solve problems it has never encountered before.
 I have answered your question but as I said, I am done with this topic. My position still stands, the laws of logic are non-material, universal, unchanging, and absolute. Atheists cannot explain why they exist because there worldview is only material. If the laws of logic are material, then show me. Material things change and are not absolute. It is like saying, all that exist are marbles, but appealing to some non-marble entity to prove there worldview. There are rocks, trees ...and logic! Look everyone there are the laws of logic...hum I can't see them...are they under that rock? You said everything is material. They have to acknowledge that they cannot account for the laws of logic but use them in order to argue for atheism.  I don't agree with the computer example as being a counter argument to your position, but your position is just plain WRONG. I've never actually thought about the issues you've brought up here, so my posts so far have not been very good at explaining what I am trying to say. Having thought about it a bit more, I realise both that you are wrong and why I have never thought about this.  Right, I am an atheist, therefore I believe there is no God, no afterlife, no spiritual realm. I believe the universe is purely physical.  In this purely physical sense, the "laws of logic" in and of themselves, as abstract entities, DO NOT EXIST.  That is what I realised.   The fact that something cannot be true and not true at the same time does not mean that this law has an "existence". It is simply an intrinsic property of the universe.  The fact that something cannot be both itself and something else does not mean that this law has an "existence". It is simply an intrinsic property of the universe.  etc....  You have tried to put words in the mouths of Atheists by saying "they cannot explain why the laws of logic exist because their worldview is only material".  I doubt many atheists (or anyone) thinks of the laws of logic as anything more than a property of the way the universe is. There is nothing metaphysical about them, therefore there is no contradiction in the atheist worldview in order to "accept" their "existence".  Sorry Abram, your God just vanished in a puff of realisation.
I don't agree with the computer example as being a counter argument to your position,..  And I don't agree with your saying that it isn't.
Actually, your computer example completely IS a good argument against it, it's just that Abram's position was so incomprehensible to me to begin with that I didn't see how the circuitry/logics/concepts analogy was relevant.  Apologies :)
Actually, your computer example completely IS a good argument against it, it's just that Abram's position was so incomprehensible to me to begin with that I didn't see how the circuitry/logics/concepts analogy was relevant.  Apologies :)  Right back at you! After posting my statement, I realized that I had forgotten what I had been doing in this thread, but never made it back here to change it. I am sorry if my tone was out of line.   I hadn't spent much time at all reading the posts in this thread, and still haven't. But I believe that you were pretty much correct in saying that my computer argument did not address his actual argument.   My idea was to attack his argument from a different angle: one I didn't see anyone yet using. I was starting by trying to show that the rules of logic can EXIST in a purely material object. I tried to do this by first showing that there is nothing supernatural about a chess computer, yet the rules of chess do EXIST in it, somewhere, even though we can't touch, smell, see, hear, or taste them. By analogy (though analogies are always potentially invalid), the rules of logic can EXIST in our purely material brains, though we cannot touch, smell, see, hear, or taste them. If I could convince him that the rules of logic could EXIST in a purely material object, I believed that that would be enough to do the trick.
your example is good about you can not know your name and know your name at the same time. but again, that example is not the law itself. My question is how do you know that statement is true? you seam to gain knowledge my using your senses (touching the pot)what sensing are you using to know that statement. you are now using abstract things like "names" to describ the laws of logic because you know you cannot show the laws of logic in the physical universe. So you know something exists thats universial, not apart of, or dependent on the mind of man, non-material, and can not be show in physical world. Atheists dont believe in God because they cannot see him, eventhrough there are physical evidence of a creator but will believe in the laws of logic when it cannot be sean in the physical universe. I can discribe God just like you can give examples of the laws of logic, but the discription of both are not them. that was my first point. my second point was the laws of logic must come from God because universial, unchanging, non-material, absolute concepts (laws of logic) cannot exist when all there is, is matter. the issue of non-material is probably the only thing that god and logic have in common. however, it is easy for an atheist to believe in logic and apply logic than to belief in god and apply faith.  logic is consistent and reliable. it cant be rigorously tested and conditioned, and still always produce predictable results. take a look at this: 4, 7, 10, 13... the numbers in this sequence follow a pattern. they increase by 3. our sensory perception and our familiarity with addition helps us determine this. if asked for the 5th number in the sequence, you might say 16, but someone that didnt catch the pattern might say something else. since this is subjective, it may vary from person to person depending on their level of math proficiency. now watch this: 3x + 1. this is a formula to the sequence above. however, if asked to calculate the solution when x=5, then there is no sensory perception involved. you simply apply the substitution and get 16. applying this formula does not require perception or subjective perspective. hence it is 100% reliable and predictable  faith, unfortunately, does not work this way. there is nothing reliable and predictable about applying faith. for example, the bible says "children obey your parents in the lord, so that it may be well with you and you will live long on the earth". applying this "formula" does not produce reliable and predictable results. obedient children sometimes die young, and disobedient rebelious children sometimes grow to old age. not only that, but the clause "in the lord" creates a complication, since what is "in the lord" as far as parenting goes varies from church to church in various degrees. because no definite corelation between being obedient to your parents "in the lord", and long life, can be established, the "formula" is inconsistent and unpredictable and is discarded as false.  most faith-based formulae and conditions wind up the same way for the same reasons
I would like to poke my head in here at this late date. I have read most all posts, but please excuse me if I repeat what has already been said. I just want to comment that the premise of this thread simply makes no sense at all and is easily refutable.  How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute.  If something is conceptual, that by definition means it was conceived by the human mind. That's what a concept is. I think that simply ends the discussion. Concepts are of human construction and thinking. Logical constructs are absolute only to the extent that they were designed that way.   Being absolute they transcend space and time.   I don't even know what that means. Kinda woo-woo but has no meaning.   They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) ...   I'll give you that, though there is a whole school of debate about what thoughts are.    ...or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). So, how do they account for them?   Well they are of people and if logic is followed, contradiction does not occur.    Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.   Blah, blah. So you looked something up. Adds nothing.    How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion?   Stated above.  In other words, how can an atheist with a naturalistic presupposition account for the existence of logical absolutes when logical absolutes are conceptual by nature and not physical, energy, or motion?  This whole thing is simply an epistemological argument, for which there is no answer. What is the nature of knowledge? There are positivists (Abe here) and there are constructivists (what Abe says you have to be if you don't believe in god.) This is a metaphysical debate that is decades old and it simply depends upon your point of view for the purpose of the discussion at hand.
Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.   There are contradictions in the bible, for so the bible doesn't obey the law of non contradiction.   As to the law of identity, Jesus is called both the "Son of God" and the "Son of Man", which means   Also, many parts of the bible are taken as 'metaphors' - yet the law of excluded middle should prevent us from doing that.  I'm sure someone will be able to refute my individual points, but on the whole the bible is not an entirely logical source.   Furthermore, even if these laws were created by a God, this God does not have to be the same one described in any religion whatsoever. In fact, he doesn't have to be omnipotent, so he could even be dead - Atheists could state that God created these laws then died. In which case, God does not exist but Atheists have still accounted for the creation of said laws.
I'm so depressed at having missed this one! I don't suppose anyone will mind if I chip in anyway.  Assume God is required to have 'created' logic (along with everything else). Now imagine there is no God. Without him, according to our assumptions, there is certainly nothing - yet our derivation of that certainty presupposes the validity of logic. With no god to create logic, we cannot exclude the possibility of the universe existing. If the universe can exist without god...  :)  Then there's the part about god's 'own nature'. If god cannot violate his own nature, that implies a form of logic to which he is beholden, and which he therefore did not choose. If one form of logic can exist beyond god, so can ours.  :)  What else...  Oh yes: 1+1 = 2, and its binary and unary equivalents 1+1 = 10 and 1+1 = 11. These expressions operate according to the axioms of a mathematical space - axioms we define. They model our perception of reality; they are not in themselves real.  On no level is the equation 1+1 = 2 expressed outside of human consciousness. A rock with another rock next to it is precisely that; they and everything else in the universe represents a single configuration of matter. Before they can be called "two rocks" you need an intelligence capable of conceptually partitioning reality and categorising its perceptions. However, the absence of such an intelligence would in no way impede the rocks' (or the universe's) behaviour as a configuration of matter. Ergo, counting is a human invention.  Finally: the laws of logic are non-material, universal, unchanging, and absolute The logic we use to make statements about reality is derived from the way we observe material things behaving, and that logic is not immutable. Quantum physics demonstrates the fundamentally uncertain nature of reality at very tiny scales: the 'law of excluded middle' in particular taking it firmly in the shorts. Given that logic can vary on such a simple metric as physical scale, your argument is starting to look more than a bit frayed at the edges :)
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? . . . Are there truly laws of logic?  Where are they encoded?
Where are the laws of physics encoded? I don't think they exist, written down, in some particular place, rather they're the properties of physical reality, in as much as logic is a property of meaning.  I don't think being engraved on a stone tablet somewhere actually adds to the legitimacy of the set of rules governing our world.
I demand laws of logic encoded on stone tablets!
I have some news for you. The laws of logic existed before you came up with them. The laws of logic by defination are outside the meterial universe because they are concepts. The atheistic worldview cannot account for the laws of logic/absolutes becuse only the meterial universe exists. But they did not exist before ANYONE came up with them did they. They are as you I think indicated conceptual. And of course the formal logic of say Aristotle is dependent on the law of the excluded middle which forces all logical operations to be two valued only. This law is subject to attack both from a physical direction (namely quantum mechanics) and on the basis of fuzzy set theory (essentialy a logic of continua). So its possible that some or all of the "laws" of logic are not valid! Or at least they may not be the only set of internally consistent logical propositions.  Now one might ask why are the "laws of logic" so self-evident to most humans. Well that one is fairly simple - those laws reflect the behavior of the physical world we live in. If our brains did not in effect synchronize with that world we would not have survived and reproduced. The world has molded us as it were by evolution to apply the relevant rules to a large degree. The fact that QM is counter-intuitive reflects the fact that our survival and reproduction was NOT dependent on being able to operate within that domain during our evolution. In effect we come out of the box more or less wired for success, but many of our ancestors likely died before we adapted as well as we have. AND we probably are still not maximally adapted.
AND we probably are still not maximally adapted.  It is perhaps evidence of this that we do not intuitively reject many classes of logical fallicies. We do not see circular arguments easily for example, we have to apply formal analysis or be trained to do so. Most of us fall for the gamblers fallacy, and a host of other incorrect rules of thumb. We buy into the law of the excluded middle without thinking about it much (even though its an assumption made to make binary logic work). Our minds are not fully synchronized with the physical world only partially so.
I just have to add something to this debate.  I'm not sure on this "the laws of logic existed before man thought them" thing. Let us suppose that, purely philosophically, there is this "law of logic" that exists that we still have not discovered. Just because we have not yet discovered it does not mean that it does not exist. On a side note, who is to say that it has not been discovered by some other creature (but let's not go there). There have been many truths, or laws of logic, that we have discovered as we developed, but this does not mean that we invented them. Much like gravity, it existed long before we thought, "Oh, so that's what it is."  But does all this mean that these laws/concepts/physical properties were created by some superior being?  There was also the argument that because people disagree, then laws of logic cannot be human constructs. This argument does not make sense. Humans are not particularly logical in their thinking, and some humans get things wrong. But this goes no way to either prove or disprove that the "laws of logic" are human constructs.  Abram's repeated assumption that atheists do not believe in things that they cannot touch/eat/hump/whatever is complete rubbish.  In fact, the initial assumption behind this whole thread is complete rubbish.  What is more illogical than to say, "I do not understand this, so it must have been created by something for which I have no evidence"?  There was another branch a bit further back that brought up the question, "Can God create a rock so big that he cannot lift it?"  If God is omnipotent, then the answer would have to be yes. But then, I here you cry, if he can't lift it, then he can't be omnipotent. To which my answer would be, "Of course he can, but what makes you think that he is constrained by our extremely limited understanding of logic?"  Maybe there are absolute laws of logic out there, but we are still far too primative to understand them. I don't see how we can be so presumptuous to think that a concept does not exists yet simply because we have not thought of it. I do understand that a concept by definition has to be created by a mind, but as a concept, let's assume that there is a "truth/concept" out there that we have not yet thought of, conceptually speaking anyway.  But I also don't see the argument that if we have not yet thought of or understood something that it must have been created by maaaaaaagic.  Smiley
But I also don't see the argument that if we have not yet thought of or understood something that it must have been created by maaaaaaagic.  GOD and theology have often filled the same role that "here there be dragons" used to on maps. Rather than "deliberately leaving the page blank" humans merely inserted "GOD did it" for things they could not otherwise explain. Then of course we have been going back over the territory and slowly taking down the signs which served to mark our place. One of the neater ways to find new fields for scientific investigation is to look for the "God did it" place markers and see if one can now take down the sign and erect a logical and scientific explanation in its place. It tends to raise the Hackles of those who have forgotten why the sign was placed there in the first place and thus have become convinced it was originally intended to the be final marker.
...if there is no matter, logic still exist because it is outside of matter... I know the thread has moved on a bit since #48, but I couldn't see where the above statement had been challenged (probably getting bleary-eyed.)  If there is no 'matter', then there is nothingness, unless you decide that the nothingness does in fact hold energy, ergo your God. As matter and energy are syonymous, no matter means no energy therefore nothingness.  How therefore can you state unequivocally that logic exists in nothingness? How did you test this fact? If there is nothingness, then logic can't exist as it has no purpose. And one of it's purposes is to help sentient (and perhaps non-sentient) creatures relate to their environment.  If God is so all-encompassing, He doesn't need logic, therefore before the Creation, logic can't have existed in nothingness.  I don't think we are embued with logic - evidenced by some thick puddings we meet from time to time - but rather we learn and acquire logic and the skill to use it. It's a tool. If some wish to define it as a 'law' for the purpose of ascribing it a handle, so be it. But it's still a construct as an identifiable method of how we relate ourselves to our world.  Its existence or absence or identification or labelling or whatever does nothing to show that God/gods exist.  My deux centimes.
This question is representative of the type of paradoxes atheists use in attempts to prove that God cannot exist. It works like this. God is supposed to be omnipotent. If He is omnipotent, then He can create a rock so big that He can't pick it up. If He cannot make a rock like this, then He is not omnipotent. If He can make a rock so big He can't pick it up, then He isn't omnipotent either. Either way demonstrates that God cannot do something. Therefore God is not omnipotent. Therefore God does not exist.  Is this logical? A little. However, the problem is that this bit of logic omits some crucial information, therefore, it's conclusion is inaccurate.   Sorry, but skimming through this recently revived thread, and I had to take a moment of pause before my pancrease explodes and blood starts shooting from my eyes.   He asks: 'Is this logical'? And he answers: 'a little'.  So I sit here scratching my head and wondering: If the laws of logic are absolute, then how can it be a little logical? If logic is absolute, then it either is logical or it isn't.   Could it be that logic is conceptual, and therefore subjective? Hmmm.
I too have been reading this thread.
The Greeks gave us logic, not the Christians.
The Greeks gave us logic, not the Christians.  Logic is definitely a man made tool, nothing more.
The Greeks gave us sex. The Romans gave us sex with women!emoticon_xhoho  The Greeks gave us sex, the Romans gave us orgies.
The Greeks gave us sex. The Romans gave us sex with women!  ... Do I dare ask how you think the ancient Sumerians procreated? emoticon_wow
Your conclusion does not follow from the premise. Logic is a tool we created to help us make sense of the environment in which we exist. How we know what we know, if you like. Imagine it as the rules of gridiron. Aliens will most likely not experience their environment as we do (They would be us if they did.) so their "Logic" might look like the more widespread rules of rugby. Still a ball game, but organised differently.
Logic is a tool we created to help us make sense of the environment.  Acting to achieve a desired outcome requires a preexisting understanding of the logical connection between cause and effect, ie the logic of causality. Logic must logically precede purposive action. Whether you think that's because we evolved logical brains or because god planted the idea there is up to you, but the idea we "created" logic (by using logic) is incoherent.
Acting to achieve a desired outcome requires a preexisting understanding of the logical connection between cause and effect, ie the logic of causality. Logic must logically precede purposive action. Whether you think that's because we evolved logical brains or because god planted the idea there is up to you, but the idea we "created" logic (by using logic) is incoherent.  Not necessarily. The preexisting understanding is required only where the action is not dictated by reason such as any action dictated by the very nature of thing or by its instinct. The term 'purposive action' is tautological, since an action, by definition, does something and that something can be considered the purpose of that action.   What you are arguing is that logic must precede any action based on reason and I agree. Our gradual understanding of reality helped us form the laws of logic and allowed us to transition from instinctive action to reasoned action.
Not necessarily. The preexisting understanding is required only where the action is not dictated by reason such as any action dictated by the very nature of thing or by its instinct. The term 'purposive action' is tautological, since an action, by definition, does something and that something can be considered the purpose of that action.   What you are arguing is that logic must precede any action based on reason and I agree. Our gradual understanding of reality helped us form the laws of logic and allowed us to transition from instinctive action to reasoned action.  Correction here. I mean to say  "The preexisting understanding is not required where the action is not dictated by reason such as any action dictated by the very nature of thing or by its instinct"
What you are arguing is that logic must precede any action based on reason and I agree  Well that's really my main point, and Penfold's specific example does seem to be based on reason.
Logic is an act of reason. Laws of logic are necessary for logical reasoning. Take the law of non-contradiction. You don't need a university degree to know that it would be wrong to say it is raining and it is not raining at the same location at the same time. Logic is built into us because we have been created with the ability to reason logically, because we have been created in the image of God, who is the epitome of logical reasoning.  "Laws of logic are necessary for logical reasoning" is the only part you got right.   Logic is the identification and conceptualization of reality as it exists. The laws of logic are derived from the way reality works. The ability to identify the rules maybe built into us but the logical concepts themselves are not. If humans did not exist then logic wouldn't exist either, but reality itself and all its constituent rules would remain unaffected.   Your argument boils down to that God is the source of all reality and all its rules. Good luck convincing any atheist of that, especially given that there is no evidence. Since reality is the source of everything that exists, asking for the source of reality is like asking who made God. However, our position is stronger here because we have definite evidence that reality exists but there is no evidence that God does. Besides, a self-contradictory, whimsical God would negate the very idea of logic.  Speak to enough people and you will know that logical reasoning is a universal truth accepted by all. Nobody invented it. No cultural group on the planet invented it.   That's because reality, on which logic is based, is itself universal.   All the "evidence and experience of life" we have tells us that laws of logic are universal, transcendent truths.   Transcend what? Reality itself? You will have to give an example of that because I don't think that the concepts of logic would make any sense outside the context of reality. Take Dante's description of God for example and tell me if it makes any logical sense.   Your idea that aliens will not experience the same logic we do is unfounded because it is built on the erroneous assertion that environment determines the outworking of logical reasoning.  His idea of aliens was probably a bad analogy. Take reality as we know it exists only in this universe, it might exist in a different way, with different rules in another one. Things such as law of non-contradiction might not be applicable there. Since the reality we live in forms our environment, it can be justifiably said that environment does determine the outcome of logical reasoning.   Here on planet earth we are one race and we have much in common. But human beings are incredibly diverse. There are so many different culture groups all around us. Yet logic is universal. To suggest that logic is simply a universal and harmonious tool all people groups on the planet somehow created for all of us to make use and sense of is, well, not logical.  Like I explained before, logic is the identification and conceptualization of reality and the way it works. When everyone is looking at and trying to understand the same thing then it is not only unsurprising that all would come to the same conclusions, it is expected.
Logic is definitely a man made tool, nothing more. I disagree. I dont think humans invented logic, we just invented the means of communicating and expressing it, and even that is giving ourselves too much credit. even animals (and aliens, im sure) can appreciate the reality of cause and effect, conditions, specificity and contradictions, and determine if something makessense or can be accepted as true or not based on an internal model of reality that pervades era and environment. thats what logic is, a set of laws that we can depend on to verify what we observe. we didn't invent these laws at all.
 What are the differences between the ways a secularist and an atheist would see and interpret the world?  Secular is 'non-theistic'. In other words, it does not consider if there is a god or not. It just is not a matter for consideration.  Atheist is the lack of belief in any deity.
Are the sentences I highlighted above not basic, strong core beliefs of both secularists and atheists? I see nothing anywhere in the above paragraphs that would distinguish a secularist from an atheist. Is there anything in the above paragraphs that would constitute an unreconcilable difference between the two? Mathematics is indifferent to theistic matters. Does that mean that mathematics is atheistic? Quite obviously, no. Just as one can believe that two plus two equals four and that a deity exists, one can believe that two plus two equals four and that no deity exists. Therefore, math is secular (and not atheistic).  We find insufficient evidence for belief in the existence of a supernatural; Keep in mind that there are a couple different "flavors" of atheism: strong and week. Strong atheism is the assertion that no god exists. ("I believe there is no god.") Weak atheism is the lack of belief in a god. ("I do not believe in any god.") Also keep in mind that some Deists consider themselves humanists, as in mentioned in the manifesto.  What are the differences between the ways a secularist and an atheist would see and interpret the world? Instead of answering the question, I'll ask a "counter-question" to try to illustrate the irrelevance of your question: What are the differences between the ways that a secular mathematician, an atheistic mathematician, and a theistic mathematician would see and interpret numbers and math? If they all believe that 2+2=4, that the sum of the squares of the measures of the lengths of the two legs of any right triangle is equal to the square of the measure of the length of the hypotenuse, that the derivative of the natural log of x is the reciprocal of x, etc., does that mean that secularism, atheism, and theism are all the same?  Kronus also makes a good point. Many "things" (like math and science, as opposed to people) are secular and not atheistic.
They are different terms and apply to different things. Secularism is not a worldview in itself, it is a policy of how to apply religious and other worldview in real life.  Secularism does not exclude people with a religious worldview. One may imagine a devout christian that firmly believes in his faith, but is also convinced that faith must come from within and that forcing someone to behave in accordance with a religion simply encourages false faith, and would logically conclude that his faith should not be forced upon people (usually with the subclause of "Let them burn in hell afterwards", or something else along those lines).
 Godlessness; immorality   I hope there's a way to leave feedback for the fine folks at Dictionary.com. Atheism has nothing to instruct us in immorality.
I think it's more likely that dictionary.com just realised that the term can be used as a curse, too. Just like liberal.  I mean, if Easyrider were to shout "You atheist!!!!!" at you, which meaning of the word do you think he would mean?
I hope there's a way to leave feedback for the fine folks at Dictionary.com. Atheism has nothing to instruct us in immorality. And I have left them feedback to see what happens. I noticed this particular entry was sourced from The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition so it is not something Dictionary.com wrote.   I can see Iuris' point but the entry is still laid out wrong if this is the case. As written, "Godlessness; immorality", implies that immorality is synonymous with godlessness but the thesaurus entry for godlessness does not list immorality as a synonym. I think this is because some use the term "godless", an adjective, to mean immoral but "godlessness", a noun, to mean atheistic.
Thanks for contacting them, doG. The various definitions of atheism we encounter in our society need to be watched carefully, IMO. Too often, those writing the definitions are hostile to the idea of a person being godless. It's so easy to sully or demonize the term.
Shoot! Billscoe!  And here I was hoping you would instruct us in Atheistic immorality.  Disappointed again! However shall I learn to be an immoral person?
No, secularism is not about forcing behaviour. Under a secular the government neither forces people to believe, nor does it force them not to believe. It does not establish rules of worship, base itself on atheism or any religion.
It does mean they are all the same, concerning mathematics. So when you're doing math, you're an atheist? Of course not. Just because there is overlap doesn't mean that the two views are identical.  If atheists declare there is no god, and secularists don't give any thought to a god, what differences would there be on how knowledge is filtered, decisions are made, values are established, and priorities are set? Let's say an event occurs that defies immediate explanation. An atheist would say, "I don't know right now how it happened, but it sure wasn't God!" A secularist would say, "I don't know right now how it happened."  An atheist might publicly declare that no god(s) exist(s), be it via books, debates, lectures, seminars, etc. A secularist would make no claims about the existence or nonexistence of any god(s).  An (abnormally radical) atheist might push for schoolchildren to acknowledge their lack of belief in any gods on a daily basis (say, looking at the American flag and holding their right hands over their hearts)... A secularist would demand that religion be left out of the classroom.  The worldview, the beginning presuppositions of the person studying the evidence, is often what determines the conclusion. This is where Occam's razor comes in. Perhaps you've heard of it?
A coin that says, "In God we trust" is theist. A coin that says nothing about God is secular. A coin that says, "There is no God" is atheist.
So if an atheist believes that humans are the highest form of intelligence, and a devout Christian believes God is the highest form of intelligence, the Christian should allow the atheist to force him to behave as if humans are the highest form of intelligence?  Symbiote already pointed out the important fact that atheism is the lack of a belief in mythology dieties like the christian "God". It has nothing to do with "forcing".  However, aside from that, your reasoning is still suspect.  Marc, first, you are "forced" every day to do things that coincide with reality, and it's only ethical that you SHOULD be. You are forced to pay enormous penalities if you violate certain laws, up to even being killed as a result. You are forced to go on green, and stop on red. Forced to drive the right way on the street. Forced to pay debt, etc. Laws and the associated penalities are generally formed by, and enforced by, secular government, employing non-theistic reasoning. Nonsense like religion simply has no place in a reasonable government (let freee people worship whatever they like, but it's NOT ethical to put it into government).  For instance, regarding your claim that atheism claims man is the highest form of intelligence. That's incorrect, again, atheism is "without belief in mythological, nonsencial dieties and the like".  HOWEVER, any sane person acknowledges the simple fact that there is NO EVIDENCE of ANY life in the universe that is more intelligent than human beings. If you have some, please share (with CNN and the scientific community). If not, then your claims are simply of no consequence...just like saying a red headed demon just told me to type this. There's no evidence for it, it's either : A lie. A delusion. A joke. Take your pick. If some bobble-headed alien shows up one day and runs circles around our intellect, great, we have a new winner, and we proceed with the new alien as the most intelligent...that is if we are reasonable. The unreasonable might still suggest that their fantasy diety is still #1. Fat lotta good that does anyone (it's meaningless).  -Mach
A coin that says, "In God we trust" is theist. A coin that says nothing about God is secular. A coin that says, "There is no God" is atheist.  Atheism is "without belief in god", by it's root words. NOT-theistic, simply the opposite of religious...NOT religious. Religious <-< not-Religious.  Saying "there is no god" simply isn't something a reasonable person, with a little time to think it through, would claim.  Secular seems to apply towards language, a body of rules, etc., and means, without religion. Every single person in a secular government may be theistic personally. Since rules or a government isn't a thinking person, it wouldn't make sense to call them atheistic or agnostic, which deals with belief or lack of.  Agnostics are necessarily atheists ,that is, if they do NOT belief in [any diety], then they are atheists by definition. If there reason is that we cannot know, or that they don't know, then they can grab another coin..with agnostic on it.  -Mach
Atheism is "without belief in god", by it's root words. NOT-theistic, simply the opposite of religious...NOT religious. Religious <-< not-Religious.  Saying "there is no god" simply isn't something a reasonable person, with a little time to think it through, would claim. .  -Mach   Why not? Based on the evidence there is no evidence there is any supernatural deity that created the universe. Such evidence is unlikely to occur, ever. Based on that, I conclude there is no god.
Saying "there is no god" simply isn't something a reasonable person, with a little time to think it through, would claim. Are you saying that I'm unreasonable? There is no God and you can provide no conclusive evidence that there is. Your ball....
So am I reasonable to say 'there is no material world' because you can provide no conclusive evidence? Or 'there is no cause and effect' or 'there are no conscious beings except me?'  On the contrary.. you can say 'there is no material world' because there is absolutely NO evidence. However, there is evidence of cause an effect, and there is evidence of 'consciouse beings'
So am I reasonable to say 'there is no material world' because you can provide no conclusive evidence? Or 'there is no cause and effect' or 'there are no conscious beings except me?' There is much more evidence for any of those than there is for any God. We can easily prove cause and effect and the existance of concious beings with the scientific method. There is zero proof for a God except conjecture.
I'll wait for Obvious Child's response - but I anticipate that you're going to get an argument that proof of cause and effect is neither easy nor possible.  And the same applies to the existence of conscious beings. You're probably right but proving either would still be easier than coming up with proof of a God or any other supernatural entity. At least our own existance suggests the it is plausible that conscious beings exist.
I'll wait for Obvious Child's response - but I anticipate that you're going to get an argument that proof of cause and effect is neither easy nor possible.  And the same applies to the existence of conscious beings.   There is never 'proof'. But we can demonstrate cause/effect. As for 'concious' beings.. we have parameters that can indicate it.. and we can set up tests to see if those parameters are met.   We can not come up with a way to test for 'the non-material' world'. We can not agree on what the 'non-material world' is.
Alan Ryan is right: as for the scientific method, it assumes cause and effect, the material world, the reliability of future resembling past and suchlike before it starts. And how can it prove subjective mental states?  As for 'our own existence suggests that it is plausible that conscious beings exist' (I assume you mean other conscious beings), many have found their inner experience makes the idea of God seem plausible.  The material world is much like God for me. Belief in both is not proved by sense-data but is a way of making sense of it and imposing some level of order.  Whatever you mean by 'demonstrate', is this relevant to dOg's statement that there is no 'conclusive evidence' of God  What parameters? How can we test them? Ultimately, I suspect that such measures must be based on assumption: I am conscious, I act in this way, these beings seem similar, they must be conscious, these things act in a similar way, they must be conscious too.... I have studied various materialist models of mind and found none of them convincing.   I would word 'conclusive' evidence to be any 'objective' evidence.   As for you not finding any 'materialistic models of the mind' convincing.. well, lets see you come up with a better one.  The materialistic ones CAN be tested. What is your model, and how do you test for it.
OC,  Why are their quotes in your post that quote things I didn't say? Not that I disagree with them but it looks like you forgot to edit the user part of the quote a couple of times :)
Why not? Based on the evidence there is no evidence there is any supernatural deity that created the universe. Such evidence is unlikely to occur, ever. Based on that, I conclude there is no god.  It's only because the rabble rousers love to argue. Perhaps my language was strong, while it's common usage to say "god does or does not exist", I think push come to shove, the debate always ends up doing something similar to this:  1. Scientific investigation beings with observation of reality. 2. One cannot form a meaningful statement of existence without referring to some observation..i.e evidence.  So, in the god case, what was your definition of god? A supernatural being? Yes, by definition, supernatural beings cannot exist, saying there is no evidence for one, is like saying there is no evidence for something that cannot have evidence to support it is just talking in circles.  Accepting logical definitions of dieties with regards to reality, opens up discussion of proof, evidence, and all sorts of other things that simply are not reasonable, since before any of that can happen, we have to arrive at a definition that is consistent with reality. Such as, how can you prove there is no xyz? You can't, but you don't need to, we don't know what xyz is in this case.  Theists have a belief in one or more deites. We need the opposite, that's a-theist. Have no belief in one or more dieties. And that makes sense, atheists may differ in why they don't have such a belief, but the root definitoin and important language is "no belief". You may be agnostic on the why, or scientific, or illogical, any of which could still qualify as an atheist outlook. Saying more than that just weakens the argument unecessarily.  -Mach
Are you saying that I'm unreasonable? No, just the claim, and it's not that significant to label it unreasonable, I withdraw the word.   There is no God and you can provide no conclusive evidence that there is. Your ball....  The claim is either circular, or illogical, I'll illustrate as best I can.  The simple answer is: doG, I do not understand your claim, you use a word I don't know the definition of... "God".  The most likely conclusions after that is addressed will be: 1. God is defined as something for which by definition, there can be no evidence, and does not "exist". That makes it circular (there is no evidence for this thing which cannot have evidence).  2. The definition of god includes some illogical qualities that make the claim "god does not exist", unreasonable (illogical, insert any descriptive here).  You know how much energy is spent in debates about "can god exist, does god exist, where is the evidence, even that there is evidence in the bible and gulp, eye-witnesses, I feel him every day, he is love", etc, etc.  Each of these is unecessary when we don't use the word god without first defining it. For example, if someone were to define the qualities of god such that they were identicial to what we describe as "nature", then that person would just be using the term god as a synonym for nature..uncessary, we have a good word for that...nature. Or they say he's love...OK, we have a word for that too. OK, he's completely undectable and outside the universe...OK, we have a word for that, it's nothing, or silence (that is, no claim at all).  It's also why some get so bent with proving there is no god. How can one go prove that something doesn't exist? They don't need to, it's unreasonable.  What is reasonable are the basic tenants of science:  Knowledge is derived from observation of reality.  That's really all there is to it. If there is no observation of [god] (insert anything for god), then discussion of it's existence or not is circular or meaningless.  It's the same reason we cannot reasonably say things like this: It's possible that there may be a god.  How on earth(doh) can someone claim to know if something is or is not possible in reality? We derive our knowledge FROM reality, not the other way around.  Pick it apart, I'd like to be corrected if it's entirely off-track.  -Mach
Can you name a difference between an atheist and a secularist concerning how they would filter knowledge, make decisions, establish values, and set priorities? I did. In fact, you quoted it. Others on this thread have named differences as well.  But if a government action needed to be taken on this event, would there be a difference in what the atheist and secularist would expect of the government? I don't see how this is relevant. The government is supposed to be secular.  If it was something scary to them (some natural event like global warming for example) would they expect something more from the government than a religious person, who believes God is in control? Again, I fail to see the relevance. How does a person's expectations of government action have anything to do with comparing or contrasting atheism and secularism?  So they would both require that ethical standards questions that arise in science be left out of the classroom? Where the hell did this come from? Oh, wait, I know: you don't think ethics can exist without God. Coincidentally, just last week I went to a debate where Dan Barker from the Freedom from Religion Foundation wiped the floor with some liberal Christian on that very topic. If you'd like to try your hand, start a new thread; this one is for explaining the differences between atheism and secularism.  Perhaps you're trying to change the subject? No, you brought up multiple interpretations, and I mentioned the guideline for dealing with multiple interpretations. The remainder of your response simply shows a significant misunderstanding of how Occam's razor works.
Maybe we disagree on the percentages of decisions government makes concerning secularism, and things like morality and ethical standards. Or that you aren't as concerned about government decisions as I am as a Christian, because my belief is that humans aren't as perfect as a non Christian might think them to be. THere is a reason that the definition of atheism, secular, science, etc., have nothing to do with the things you mention like perfection, sin, good, etc. That's because they have nothing to do with them.  I certainly don't, and I doubt any reasonable person, christian, atheist, or otherwise, things people are anything close to "perfect", either in abiding by all laws and moral codes, or in their physiology. Please don't think not religious = something other than simply, not religious. That's all it means, no belief in mythical stuff, that's all.     How can it be incorrect, if atheism can't point to a higher intelligence? Marc, atheism has nothing to do with that. Atheism is "Without belief in dieties". That is all. End of incrimination :)  In reality, no one, including christians, can "point to a higher intelligence". But this is just common knowledge, it has nothing to do with secularism, atheism, or christianity, it's just reality.  I don't have scientific evidence, but scientific evidence isn't the only source of knowledge.  I know you don't, and cannot, but that's not your fault, it's how reality works.  From where I come from the definition of science is this: The body of knoweldge that pertains to reality. The primary method for obtaining this knowledge is through the scientific method (observation, test hypothesis, debate, etc.)  When you suggest evidence isn't required, you are suggesting that we believe things on FAITH, which is religion, which is make-beleive, that's why it requires no evidence.  For example, if you agree that some knowledge can be obtained without evidence, I'll tell you a purple monkey named bingo is sitting on my shoulder talking to me. I have no evidence for it, it contradicts what is known in science, yet by your (bad) standard we could call that "knowledge"? I'd call it lying, or delusion, since that's what it is. Whatever it is, it's not part of reality, it's just a concept.   -Mach
You equated a worldview with one unexplainable event. No, I gave a perfectly valid example that shows why atheism is not the same as secularism.  But there are attempts being made to have our coins say nothing about God, by atheists. Some theists might agree with the reasoning behind those attempts. Does that mean that theism and atheism are the same? Of course not. (This goes back to the overlap issue, which you apparently cannot grasp.) doG's statements, however valid, do not make your analogy hold.  The Declaration of Independence says that men (humans) are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. The Declaration of Independence has absolutely no legal authority whatsoever.  With no Creator, with accidental, random beginnings of life, man has no more unalienable rights than any plant or animal, unless he's granted those rights by other, more powerful men. I think this might be for another thread. However, it would be good if you could support the bare assertion a bit before it gets approached here or in another thread. You also should stop presenting evolutionary theory inaccurately, but I suppose there's no hope of that.  There are no unalienable rights in atheism, and there are no unalienable rights in secularism. Is it your position that an atheistic society would grant no rights to anybody? See also above.  you don't think ethics can exist without God. Some can, but many cannot. Start here, first on the morality list. I'll save the trump for later.  When looking over their site, it's obvious they appeal to both atheists and secularists. Amazing huh? Is there some point in this comment, or . . . ? It's evident that you didn't look over their site very well, otherwise you would have seen the link I provided above and not made the comment you did.  Ethical standards apply to this thread. Ethics is a recognized subcategory of philosophy, so one could argue that discussion of ethics belongs in the philosophy forum. Nevertheless, we'll at least start the ethics conversation here.  Since it's secular, atheists worship it. The same way atheists worship their televisions, ovens, kitchen sinks, vehicles, etc., because all those things are secular? (The rolleyes smiley doesn't accurately portray the degree to which I find my eyes rolling...)
Today's science has plenty to do with ethics and morals, concerning things like stem cell researh, cloning, suicide "rights" - many medical proceedures.    No, it is the scientists that are concerned with the ethics. Science itself is neutral to the subject. You are mixing up the tool with the people that use the tool.   Then why has atheism recently become very organized? To "protect" themselves from over 200 years of U.S. tradition?  http://www.atheists.org/  Click that link, and page down through all the politics.     Partly. There are more atheists now, and they have to protect themselves against the prejudice of the religious reight. So, some atheists have decieded to organise and give themselves poltical clout. Mostly to protect themselves against Christians who want to force their religion down their throats via the use of government (which is against the constitution)        "Atheism has nothing to do with that" emoticon_xdonno did the AA link just convince you otherwise? How about this one, another mainstream one;  http://www.religioustolerance.org/atheist.htm  See the eight quotations there. Numbers 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 are all from atheists. What about number 3? It's from a Christian! You'd think it would be from someone like Billy Graham, Jerry Fallwell, or Pat Robertson, wouldn't you? Why it's from George H.W. Bush, the father of our current REPUBLICAN president!!!! It says; "as presidental nominee of the Republican party".   How can you say that atheism and it's twin brother secularism, aren't political? Check out the "about atheism" link towards the bottom of the page. Page down there, and you'll see an invitation to "visit one of their sponsors". Who is it???? THE NEW YORK TIMES.   Not political?       Like so many of the gaps that are faith filled for Darwinian evolution to work?    No, you and him shared a common ancestor!! Take away the color, and take away the name, and you have scientific Darwinian evolution, don't you?    Our everyday lives are filled with concepts.[/QUOTE]
Today's science has plenty to do with ethics and morals, concerning things like stem cell researh, cloning, suicide "rights" - many medical proceedures.    No, it is the scientists that are concerned with the ethics. Science itself is neutral to the subject. You are mixing up the tool with the people that use the tool.   Then why has atheism recently become very organized? To "protect" themselves from over 200 years of U.S. tradition?  http://www.atheists.org/  Click that link, and page down through all the politics.     Partly. There are more atheists now, and they have to protect themselves against the prejudice of the religious reight. So, some atheists have decieded to organise and give themselves poltical clout. Mostly to protect themselves against Christians who want to force their religion down their throats via the use of government (which is against the constitution).
Secular / atheist scientists have no objective basis for discerning right and wrong, so their so-called "ethics" are suspect right up front. They need to be scrutinized closely.   Everyone who has ever claimed an "objective basis" for ethics is exactly as suspect. The proposed "objective bases" tend to lack scientific substantiation.   Also, one might point out that secular ethics have to establish rational arguments for their ethics. The others don't bother with that at all and are convinced that their "objective base" are all that is needed.
All people of faith want is equal access to present their scientific theories and evidences. Such as?........
Secular / atheist scientists have no objective basis for discerning right and wrong, so their so-called "ethics" are suspect right up front. They need to be scrutinized closely.     Oh you poor dears. I've seen just as many of your atheists, Christ-bashers, etc., who try to ram their anti-God agendas down people's throats as anyone else. They try to kick people of faith out of their science departments; belittle them, keep them from presenting information in science journals, etc. All people of faith want is equal access to present their scientific theories and evidences.   It is not 'christ' that is being bashed. It is the 'religious reigh" psuedo-christ that is being bashed. It is a person (such as someone who belongs to an innerent bible believing church), that thinks that their bigotry is ethics.
Here's a thought . . .  Don't bash anyone at all. Just debate rather than constantly using this as a "I-hate-certain-Christians" forum.   When that certain christians act in a responsible manner, and don't lie, and promote their bigotry, and try to convert people by their proclamations to anybody that disagrees with the with "JESUS IS LORD', then I will consider it.  Until then, it is shere self defense.
Reaching the unbelievers with the Gospel is responsible, according to God's command in Matthew 28:18-19. And there's nothing bigoted about it.  Yes, it is.  As is using a site for information that deny's the holocaust too.
Oh please . . . emoticon_rolleyes   It's funny reading the extent some of you will go to in order to justify your bigotry.  You mean.. when someone reacts badly to some XXXXXX claiming they don't know their own scripture, else they would be christian, and then get threats they are going to end up in the bbq pits, the person who reacts badly is bigoted.  What ever floats your boat.
Today's science has plenty to do with ethics and morals, concerning things like stem cell researh, cloning, suicide "rights" - many medical proceedures.   You keep missing the boat. Neither religion nor science are good sources of ethics. Ethics should be freely discussed and considered in a society, that is, people discuss ethics with people. Labeling the source of the ethics is irrelevant. That's like saying if bob made a flag and jim made a flag, and the flags were identical, that bob's was better because bob made it...    See the eight quotations there. Numbers 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 are all from atheists. What about number 3? It's from a Christian! You'd think it would be from someone like Billy Graham, Jerry Fallwell, or Pat Robertson, wouldn't you? Why it's from George H.W. Bush, the father of our current REPUBLICAN president!!!! It says; "as presidental nominee of the Republican party".  You don't get it. Tradition, irrelevant. Bush being an as*clown, irrelevant. Bush lying to you and the american people, irrelvant. Atheism is a term that means "non-theist", or plainly "without belief in any diety". Your love of unethical, evil people, is irrelevant to this.  How can you say that atheism and it's twin brother secularism, aren't political? Check out the "about atheism" link towards the bottom of the page. Page down there, and you'll see an invitation to "visit one of their sponsors". Who is it???? THE NEW YORK TIMES.  Not political?   This still looks as if you aren't comprehending the simple fact that "atheism" is a label for certain people who lack certain beliefs. Whether some or all of them participate in the political system in a free democratic society, is still, you guessed it, irrelevant.  Like so many of the gaps that are faith filled for Darwinian evolution to work? The fact that the earth revolves around the sun doesn't require you or anyone else to know about it. In fact, it was decarled as heresay to state that, contrary to the theological position of the time that the earth was the center of the universe.   So, by your theory, there can be no gaps in knowledge? Sounds like you know everything there is to know?  Our everyday lives are filled with concepts.  Our every day lives are filled with XXXX too. But we choose to flush it (most of us anyway).  -Mach
It's relevent to this thread. Ethics, philosophy, worldviews - how they are so similar between atheists and secularists.       Atheists lack certain beliefs - secularists lack certain beliefs in a very similar way. The point of this thread. Your hatred of Bush - your anger at me - your embarrassment, irrelevent.   Well, I can see why you don't like 'freethought', since that involves thinking.  And no.... when something is secular , then for that particular thing, religion is not in the picture , one way or another. There are no 'secularists' as you are saying. There might be people who want to keep religoin out of government, just so the goernment will keep out of religion. Many of those are theists.
Is there a difference between secularism and atheism?   Yes. The US Constitution is secularist, but it's not atheistic.
I'll skip the rest of your XXXX, even though I'd love to roast it. We'll keep this thread on this topic, and you can get roasted on the topic of your choice in a different thread. This is just getting old.  Yes there is. Atheists and secularists both seem to embrace FREETHOUGHT.Atheists and secularists are in lockstep on [freethought]. Many Deists are freethinkers too.  P1: Some atheists are freethinkers. P2: Some secularists are freethinkers. P3: Freethinking binds atheists and secularists. P4: Some Deists are freethinkers. C1: Freethinking binds atheists, secularists, and Deists. (P3, P4)  C2: Some Deists are secularists. (C1) P5: All Deists are theists. C3: Some secularists are theists. (C2, P5) P6: Secularists are atheists. (marc's assertion) C4: Some atheists are theists. (C3, P6)  In your zeal to clump atheism and secularism, you've unwittingly included Deism. Then again, in your fantasy world, maybe some atheists can be theists...
It's relevent to this thread. Ethics, philosophy, worldviews - how they are so similar between atheists and secularists.   Yes, they are similar, in that (hopefully) attribute ethics and worldviews, to individual choice, which could be identical to yours, or exactly opposite, it's a CHOICE. You see what I (and others posting) are getting at?   Atheists lack certain beliefs - secularists lack certain beliefs in a very similar way. The point of this thread. Your hatred of Bush - your anger at me - your embarrassment, irrelevent.  Closer. Atheists by definition lack belief in gods and godesses. That is all. Secularist is wanting religion to be seperate from government. (you know, like part of the foundation of America)  Bush supports religion IN government, he is anti-secularist, and anti-atheist. Bush senior was even quoted as saying :  "No, I don't know that atheists should be considered as citizens, nor should they be considered patriots. This is one nation under God."  --George Herbert Walker Bush, Former U. S. President, 1988.  I see comments like that as entirely evil, and unethical. It's both contrary to the principles of a free democracy, our free democracy, and is founded on ignorance (there is no gods and godesses and santa claus, or easter bunny). You are right, if you suggest that persecution, theocracy, and anti-freedom are acceptable, I'll be ticked...and I'd pity those that aren't.  -Mach
"Secularist wanting religion to be separate from government" - that's even what the dictionary says about it. It didn't mean that 200 years ago, if it did, there would be no Thanksgiving day. Yes there would. Thanksgiving was declared a holiday before the Bill Of Rights was added to the Constitution and the Bill Of Rights was not retroactive.
Sorry. William Rehnquist http://www.belcherfoundation.org/wallace_v_jaffree_dissent.htm And as a result of reading your link I see, Washington declared Thanksgiving a holiday on November 26, 1789; a full 2 years before the Bill Of Rights was ratified on December 15, 1791.   Just because the House agreed on the form of the Bill Of Rights did not mean they became law.
No, the trump had to do with ethics.  Still, the logical argument shows that your reasoning makes atheists and some theists have identical worldviews. This is just plain ridiculous. Just because you're incapable of understanding logic doesn't make it gibberish.
Marc9000, is there a difference between a Christian and a child molesting predator?
Deists are theists but theist aren't necessarily deists?  Hmmm, and, where do they stand on the issue of treeism?  Any treeists here about?
Let's not forget noodlists....
Why worship god?  Please! No scripture.  emoticon_xangel
it's rather rude not to  Why?  ......
With the aspect of the scriptural context removed I can see no good reason why a rational god would need or want us to worship him. God worship is a primitive ritual with roots in our animal past and large numbers of people in more enlightened areas of the world are finding it increasingly obtuse.
To love life is to love God. To be happy is all the worship God wants of you.
What if one cannot be happy because one is in the midst of a war zone and all of one's family lies about about in scattered gore?
What if one cannot be happy because one is in the midst of a war zone and all of one's family lies about about in scattered gore?  Happiness is a state of mind, no matter in which circumstances one finds himself in.  I am not happy though. Because I think too much and like you do, Simone. We always doubt, ask questions, want to have the answers, want to have more than we have now (not in a material sense). We are not content just to be, like people who worship God, usually are.
What if one cannot be happy because one is in the midst of a war zone and all of one's family lies about about in scattered gore?  My God your dark.
(don't know if that's spelt right)  You will soon.
Happiness is a state of mind, no matter in which circumstances one finds himself in.  I am not happy though. Because I think too much and like you do, Simone. We always doubt, ask questions, want to have the answers, want to have more than we have now (not in a material sense). We are not content just to be, like people who worship God, usually are.  Please will you do somethng for me? If you live in America the city you live in probably has a state or city sponsored mental health facility. Go and tell someone you are feeling unhappy no mater how trivial you think the matter. You may be pleasantly surprised by the results.
Happiness is a state of mind, no matter in which circumstances one finds himself in.  I am not happy though. Because I think too much and like you do, Simone. We always doubt, ask questions, want to have the answers, want to have more than we have now (not in a material sense). We are not content just to be, like people who worship God, usually are.   Me, I question all the time. I am happy when I question. So, I can't figure out all the answers.. but I just have fun trying to figure out what the real questions are.
Upon what basis would discussion be acceptable if not scripture? If we are to debat the topic, what sources for informational purposes do you consider as "authoritative"?  EF   You own words and feelings, not the empty words of a dusty book taken out of context.
What if my own words and feeling sound just like that dusty book? What if I happen to agree with it? What if I take it in context? Actually one would be hard pressed to show where I have ever taken it out of context.  If I say that I worship Him because he is powerful, beautiful and has loved me greatly, does that mean you now get to argue those points and say he is not any of those. I would say you do not get to argue my assumptions about God as they are mine. YOu may argue my conclusions based on my assumptions but you could not argue my assumptions, nor I yours.   Is that a fair statement of how to answer the question?  Well, if they are your own words,.. then it means at least have verbalised it from your self, rather than repeat like a parrot.
Please will you do somethng for me? If you live in America the city you live in probably has a state or city sponsored mental health facility. Go and tell someone you are feeling unhappy no mater how trivial you think the matter. You may be pleasantly surprised by the results.  I'n not from the US.
What if my own words and feeling sound just like that dusty book? What if I happen to agree with it? What if I take it in context? Actually one would be hard pressed to show where I have ever taken it out of context.  If I say that I worship Him because he is powerful, beautiful and has loved me greatly, does that mean you now get to argue those points and say he is not any of those. I would say you do not get to argue my assumptions about God as they are mine. YOu may argue my conclusions based on my assumptions but you could not argue my assumptions, nor I yours.   Is that a fair statement of how to answer the question?  It's a lot more interesting for us to read if it is in your own words.  If I wanted to read a bible, I'd steal one.
The questions makes the assumption that God is real.  If that were the case, I would absolutely worship him. I certainly wouldn't want to #### off the most powerful entity in existance, and condemn myself to an eternity of suffering. Self preservation alone would ensure my worship.
The questions makes the assumption that God is real.  If that were the case, I would absolutely worship him. I certainly wouldn't want to #### off the most powerful entity in existance, and condemn myself to an eternity of suffering. Self preservation alone would ensure my worship. Ever had a girlfriend that worshiped you?  It's pretty creepy.  How do know you wouldn't just #### god off with all your neediness and cowering?
Then from this, you doubt me before I speak. You assume I am only going to parrot. At what point do you trust that what I tell you comes from my heart?  EF  We will, don't worry about it.  Better yet, try to trick us.
Then from this, you doubt me before I speak. You assume I am only going to parrot. At what point do you trust that what I tell you comes from my heart?  EF   At the point that you use your OWN words, rather than quoting from an ancient book. When you talk with your feelings, and not just repeat what someone else wrote down. When you use your BRAIN to tell your beliefs, and not repeat verbatium some book.   Of course, if you are unable to use the brain that God gave you, don't worry, I am sure god might forgive you anyway.
Ever had a girlfriend that worshiped you?  It's pretty creepy.  How do know you wouldn't just #### god off with all your neediness and cowering?  I imagine I'd be more like a pet than a girlfriend. And I know I get more satisfaction from the respect given by a dog, than the indifference given by a cat. And I know I like to be respected for the things I've done.  I think it'd be a safe bet that god would want some form of worship, if he existed.
I imagine I'd be more like a pet than a girlfriend. And I know I get more satisfaction from the respect given by a dog, than the indifference given by a cat. And I know I like to be respected for the things I've done.  I think it'd be a safe bet that god would want some form of worship, if he existed.  Most people like dogs better than cats.  Dogs are perceived, as more sociable were cats are genially perceived as aloof.  (Of course if you have ever had a cat for a pet you know that cats can be just as satisfying as a companion.)  The difference in the perceived personalities of dogs and cats has to do with their hunting techniques.  Cats are solitary stockers and dogs are compelled to hunt in packs.  Hunting in packs is a complex social behavior.  People also engage in complex social behavior.  We live in groups, we are social animals.  We find the more social animals initially appealing and feel they behave more like ourselves.  God is a single solitary entity.   God does not live in a social group or engage in social behaviors with the other gods.  Why do you think god, a solitary creature would find your social display appealing?  I say god feels about you the same way you feel about cats.  So don't be surprised when you die if you find your self being swung by the tail.
Why do you think god, a solitary creature would find your social display appealing?  The question makes the assumption that god exists.  I then make two assumptions.  1 - God is like me. He likes recognition and respect for things he has done.  2 - The god in question is the one described in the bible, which gives us a frame of reference. It also clearly indicates he would desire to be worshipped, if he existed.  Now, I know the rules for the thread forbade the use of the bible as a reason to worship. But frankly, thats a stupid limitation to put in place. It is impossible to know god without the bible, since he cannot be evidenced to exist. Perhaps the point of the thread was to illustrate that, outside of the bible, there exists no evidence for god. But the question itself makes the assumption that he exists, and therefore requirements for evidence are moot. According to this thread, god exists. And not just any god, but the god described in the bible. But we aren't allowed to reference the bible when describing him, or why we think it would be a good idea to worship him?  It's not a very well thought out thread.
The question makes the assumption that god exists.  I then make two assumptions.  1 - God is like me. He likes recognition and respect for things he has done.  2 - The god in question is the one described in the bible, which gives us a frame of reference. It also clearly indicates he would desire to be worshipped, if he existed.  Now, I know the rules for the thread forbade the use of the bible as a reason to worship. But frankly, thats a stupid limitation to put in place. It is impossible to know god without the bible, since he cannot be evidenced to exist. Perhaps the point of the thread was to illustrate that, outside of the bible, there exists no evidence for god. But the question itself makes the assumption that he exists, and therefore requirements for evidence are moot. According to this thread, god exists. And not just any god, but the god described in the bible. But we aren't allowed to reference the bible when describing him, or why we think it would be a good idea to worship him?  It's not a very well thought out thread.  Why limit your thinking to what you read in some antiquated book of myth?  Unless you are devoid of any ideas of your own at this point of course.
It's not a very well thought out thread.  Irony suits you.
Upon what basis would discussion be acceptable if not scripture? If we are to debat the topic, what sources for informational purposes do you consider as "authoritative"?  EF A rational mind.
This is the problem. I have already done what you ask and you still say that I am "brainwashed" or just quoting the bible etc. The problem does not lie within me but within you. Either accept what I say is true or don't. But be honest that it is YOUR belief.  If you really can accept what I say as coming from me then here is my reason for worshipping God. Because only He is capable of TRULY loving another and He has loved me when I did not deserve it. He has lived the life I should have lived and died the death I should have died. Now all of those are MY beliefs and are in my own words. They are Excellent reasons for worshipping and in fact, I would say worship for any other reasons means one is looking for something far to small to be of any use.  EF   Ah, but your one set of words conflects with another set of your words.  Contradictions.  You proclam love. You talk about damnation. You talk about love, but you show bigotry by say 'Christians are "completed" jews.
Irony suits you.  We need a 'condescending eyedrow raise' smiley.  Why limit your thinking to what you read in some antiquated book of myth?  Who said anything about limiting? Everything we can possibly know about god comes from the bible, and it appears to indicate that he would like to be worshipped. If we ignore that, or forbid it's use in this discussion, then we're just making up random theories.  Unless you are devoid of any ideas of your own at this point of course.  When one refuses to accept any arguments of this type that form their basis in information drawn from the bible, then any and all ideas are equally valid. I could simply say god is completely blind to us, and therefore worship is a waste of time. Or I could say god is more like a cat than a human ( emoticon_rolleyes ) But what reason would I have to say so?   Thats the catch. Without the bible as evidence, there is no reason to suppose a god even exists, let alone what it's thoughts with regards to worship might be. Thus, dismissing the bible from a debate of this nature, where god is assumed to already exist, therefore the bible is assumed to be (at least mostly) accurate, seems rather disingenious and counter intuitive. Like the opening post really just wants to say "Ha ha, see how you stumble when I tell you god is real, but you can't use the bible to form opinions on him!"
 Thats the catch. Without the bible as evidence, there is no reason to suppose a god even exists,   1. That is the catch indeed, relying on that contradictory, often [mis]translated, often [mis]copied, out of context, anachronistic collection of the writings of very primitive peoples. 2. Also, to be perfectly accurate, "Without the bible as evidence, there is no reason to suppose a Christian god of the Bible even exists."  Many other civilizations have created gods for the very same reason that the god of the Bible was invented. This, however, is 2006 and we no longer behave and think the way we did milennia ago, except, apparently, for spirituality. No reason why that shouldn't progress as well.
We need a 'condescending eyedrow raise' smiley.    Who said anything about limiting? Everything we can possibly know about god comes from the bible, and it appears to indicate that he would like to be worshipped. If we ignore that, or forbid it's use in this discussion, then we're just making up random theories.    When one refuses to accept any arguments of this type that form their basis in information drawn from the bible, then any and all ideas are equally valid. I could simply say god is completely blind to us, and therefore worship is a waste of time. Or I could say god is more like a cat than a human ( emoticon_rolleyes ) But what reason would I have to say so?   Thats the catch. Without the bible as evidence, there is no reason to suppose a god even exists, let alone what it's thoughts with regards to worship might be. Thus, dismissing the bible from a debate of this nature, where god is assumed to already exist, therefore the bible is assumed to be (at least mostly) accurate, seems rather disingenious and counter intuitive. Like the opening post really just wants to say "Ha ha, see how you stumble when I tell you god is real, but you can't use the bible to form opinions on him!"  pfffft!  ..........
The fact is that it is happening and the admin is alowing it.  Maybe you can get them to change there minds.
1. That is the catch indeed, relying on that contradictory, often [mis]translated, often [mis]copied, out of context, anachronistic collection of the writings of very primitive peoples.  No, you've missed my point. The catch is that the opening post assumes that said collection of writings is accurate, but then forbids the use of said writings for describing how we would act towards a thing which is only described in those writings.  One might as well ask "How would you act in Hobbiton? Please answer without any references to the Lord of the Rings or the Hobbit."  If you take away those two pieces of reference, there can be no reasonable assumptions made. Hobbiton does not exist outside of those books, and therefore any and all theories or replies would either be completely fanciful, or reliant on those books.  The same applies here. Any and all replies will either be completely random, or based of evidence drawn from the bible. That's the catch in this thread. It's asking people to describe how they would relate to something only referenced in one place, without using that one place of reference.  2. Also, to be perfectly accurate, "Without the bible as evidence, there is no reason to suppose a Christian god of the Bible even exists."  Correct, my wording was sloppy.  Many other civilizations have created gods for the very same reason that the god of the Bible was invented. This, however, is 2006 and we no longer behave and think the way we did milennia ago, except, apparently, for spirituality. No reason why that shouldn't progress as well.  Well, of course we behave and think in the same way. Progressively. If we didn't we never would have progressed, would we?
pfffft!  ..........  Way to go. That was a very meaningful contribution.  Might I recommend in future that if your responses consist of nothing more than written representations of sounds of derision, that perhaps you should refrain from posting?
The fact is that it is happening and the admin is alowing it.  Of course. It's unfortunately within the rules to post stupid threads.
No, you've missed my point. The catch is that the opening post assumes that said collection of writings is accurate, but then forbids the use of said writings for describing how we would act towards a thing which is only described in those writings.   No, the opening post asked 'why worship god'. It made no other assumptions.
Way to go. That was a very meaningful contribution.  Might I recommend in future that if your responses consist of nothing more than written representations of sounds of derision, that perhaps you should refrain from posting? Your absolutely right.  I will delete it at once.  My sincerest apologies.
Of course. It's unfortunately within the rules to post stupid threads.  So why are we arguing about it?
No, the opening post asked 'why worship god'. It made no other assumptions.  The question, while open ended, can reasonably be expected to refer to the abrahamic god as described in the bible. This is especially true when one considers the religious groups here are rather polarised into christians and atheists, and is strengthened by the specific reference to scripture.  The assumption in the question is that god does exist. Without that assumption the question is meaningless. One might as well ask 'why worship squeedily-spootch?'. It asks why you would worship god. Not if god exists, or why you might think he would exist, or if the bible is accurate or not. It assumes he does exist and of course if he does, as the question assumes, then the bible must be true.  As I said above, the opening poster wants people to describe their relationship with a thing that is only referenced in one single book, without making any references to that book. Thats his prerogative, he can post any type of thread he wants. I'm simply questioning the purpose to placing such a restriction on this particular discussion.
The question, while open ended, can reasonably be expected to refer to the abrahamic god as described in the bible. This is especially true when one considers the religious groups here are rather polarised into christians and atheists, and is strengthened by the specific reference to scripture.    Why?  It could be any god
Why not just make the assumption that god is assumed to exist here and get on with it.  I don't think any body could argue the point with you.
The question, while open ended, can reasonably be expected to refer to the abrahamic god as described in the bible. This is especially true when one considers the religious groups here are rather polarised into christians and atheists, and is strengthened by the specific reference to scripture.  The assumption in the question is that god does exist. Without that assumption the question is meaningless. One might as well ask 'why worship squeedily-spootch?'. It asks why you would worship god. Not if god exists, or why you might think he would exist, or if the bible is accurate or not. It assumes he does exist and of course if he does, as the question assumes, then the bible must be true.  As I said above, the opening poster wants people to describe their relationship with a thing that is only referenced in one single book, without making any references to that book. Thats his prerogative, he can post any type of thread he wants. I'm simply questioning the purpose to placing such a restriction on this particular discussion.  Do you reference your drivers ed textbook while your driving your car?
You religious people are all whining like we took away your brains or something!  Talk about dependence!  It's funny watchen you guys jones in here.  Oh, please horrible Monster, please, we can't speak with out our precious bibles!
Very well, then which rational mind is acceptable for debate?  EF  Yours.  ..........
I think what you miss, is that disallow something such as the bible which is central to christianity is to disallow the torah or to disallow the koran or even to disallow L Ron Hubbard.  You have not been on this site long. I have gotten very used to the "baiting" that goes on. In order for debate to ensue (as adept is trying to point out) the debaters must be able to agree on some authoritative objective standard. Without it, then debate devolves into "I'm right" "No, I am right" fit pitching.  When one wants to refernce God and not allow reference to anything religious you necessarily remove the reference to God. It is just somewhat silly.   The problem we run into, is that atheists want to be able to argue questions about God, in particular the christian god, and to make statemtents about his nature from their own thinking and they want their own thinking to be authoritative. BUt when I or others want OUR thinking to be authoritative, that is not allowed.  What is good for the goose is good for the gander. If Atheists want the rational thinking man to be able to say what he wants, then I as a rational thinking man who wants to say things that happen to also be in scripture should be afforded that opportunity.  Basically, what is being requested is a monologue from one side of the subject and not a debate.   EF  You may be making some incorrect assumptions here.  I would say that we understand what we are talking about well enough not to need to continuously refer to some book.  As someone said before:  Do you reference your drivers ed textbook while your driving your car?
Why not just make the assumption that god is assumed to exist here and get on with it.  I don't think any body could argue the point with you.Why not just assume that god does not exist and just get on with it.
A longing in my heart and mind to be complete...that no human can satisfy... no matter how much I love them.  The powerful feeling that I am more than the sum of my parts. The idea/feeling/intuition that I am an embodied spirit, not just a body.  The recognition that this planet and all things in it are a grand display of beauty and wonder.  A thirst for justice...for wrongs in this world that will never be made right, to be made right somehow, somewhere, at sometime...experiencing good and evil and the hope and assurance that good will finally prevail.  A need for perfection. The hope that one day all of the little things and big things in my life that I could not finish, organize, figure out, or repair will be made perfect.   The edifying example of kindness that I cannot explain via the dry ideology of survival of the fittest, big bang, pure evolution, random chance of molecular encounters.  A reciprocal love and thankfulness to the entity who has created me.  A respect, duty, and trust of those who have come before me.  To state it simply, it's an optimism.  My heart is restless, until it rests in You, O Lord. St. Augustine   A much better thought out and eloquent response than just quoting scripture.
Why not just assume that god does not exist and just get on with it. LOL  That's quite a twist of logic there.  I guess I would say, at that point, I don't see there being any thing left to discuss!  Come on, you can do better than that.  Don't you wana have fun?
Kudos to maximus!
LOL  That's quite a twist of logic there.  I guess I would say, at that point, I don't see there being any thing left to discuss!  Come on, you can do better than that.  Don't you wana have fun?  Sprocket, in typical male chauvinist fashion, you have managed to miss the subtle point. You are a beast. Simone's simple statement is an urgent message sent out to all of mankind:  We no longer can afford the costs of our ancient ways.
Maxumas your obviously up to the challenge.  I went back an read it from the beginning and in all fairness there is also some good stuff from INRI, EF, Jo Bennett and my personal favorite Adept's pet analogy.  I do also find the argument here about scripture very interesting.
why not worship God?  Don't have time, to bizy having fun.
The issue is that this is a debate and not just a discussion. If we are to debate then there must be some agreed upon authorities. If we are all just to state our opinion and no one is right or wrong, then what is the point in debating? Your position can not be supported by fact it requires faith.  I find it hard to believe you would bring this up.  Are you asking us to have faith that an antiquated book of myth is some kind of authority?  You would do as well to ask us to believe in a Spiderman comic book.  Seams a little ironic.
You are close in your argument here but you go a bit far afield. You could legitimately say that I cannot prove my position by the facts. That it is unprovable and therefore requires faith. That I would grant. HOwever, I can support my position by the facts. I cannot prove it but there is evidence to support it.  As for this antiquated book, its reliability and validity have more significance than any other documents in history. Scientific American in its June 2006 issue claims that there are more extant documents of biblical writings than any other documents. It goes on to relate that the new testament documents are more closely related in time to their events than any other event of a similar age.   The fact is that there are no original documents for any event that occured during that time. All of the documents are copies of copies of copies etc. What determines their value is the number of documents, and their relation in time to the events they describe. If you compare biblical documents to secular documents describing events of a similar time period, there are vastly more copies of the biblical documents (by over an order of magnitude more) and they are related closer in time by hundreds of years more than other documents describing similar events.  There are secular writings which validate and corroborate those things as well (documents of Pliny the younger for one) etc.  From an objective standpoint the number and time of biblical documents provide a more reliable look at the past than any other documents.  That being said, if one is talking about GOD then one would naturally have to relate to documents that describe GOD. Those tend to be scriptural. There are few that describe god (regardless of religion) that are consider secular. Hmmmmmmmmm, I wonder why.   Lets be reasonable. The question clearly relates to a religious idea. It is only fair that one discuss such things and debate such things using the data available.   To say why worship god and use no scripture is the same as why watch baseball but don't use any information about baseball.  Lets be real about this question.  EF Perhaps the posters real intention was to encourage these very discussions.  Maybe he was just fishing, in any case it's turned out to be very interesting.
Quite possibly.  I just find it interesting that others try to enforce the limitation and do not want to discuss.  EF   I find it interesting on who can comply with the request,and who is unable to.
Quite possibly.  I just find it interesting that others try to enforce the limitation and do not want to discuss.  EF To be honest with you I don't really know where I stand on it.  I haven't really thought about it.   Some times you just gotta bash it and see what fly's off!  And I'm still examining the pieces.
I have had nothing that resembles any kind of experience, or even a hint of experience, of God or a Godlike entity/consciousness. I believe that all the world's religions, from the earliest to the most modern, have nothing to do with what the reality of a godlike consciousness might be. They are human constructs designed to answer questions for which at present we have no answers.  However, there is one thing that the prominent religions have in common that I think they may have right if 'he/she/it' does exist, and that is the idea of omnipresence. To put it simply, if there is a Godlike entity I think it is probably the universe. This is pure conjecture, but I believe the universe could be a conscious entity. Why not?   It would not have thought processes that we as humans could in any way relate to, and given the predictability of physical phenomena according to the laws we have discovered it would not seem to be able to will anything to happen, but it could still have a sense of itself and an awareness of everything within it.  This inability of humans to understand this hypothetical consciousness is why I cannot subscribe to a religion; if 'he/she/it' does exist there is no way any human could possibly understand it, relate to it, communicate with it, or even know that it exists. I doubt very much that it, if it exists, would have any interest in individual human beings; it would see us as purely an extension of the matter that makes up the planet, after all that is essentially what we are.  The whole process of evolution (specifically including abiogenesis) has been the transformation of inanimate minerals and chemicals into living creatures through a mind-bogglingly complex 4 billion-year chemical reaction. We came literally out of the matter of the planet. That matter came from a nebula which was originally part of a long-exploded (population II) star, which formed from a nebula from an older exploded (population I) star, which was born as the galaxies formed from the hydrogen and helium left over by the processes that started it all. In terms of the particles that make up the atoms in our bodies (and everything else), we all come from the same place.   OK I'm completely rambling now but my point is that I do not believe that there is such a thing as a 'God', at least not with any of the connotations that that word has had in the history of human culture. If our brains can be conscious, why not the universe?
A good starting point is to get educated and be done with it....   Yes, After getting educated, we can realise that 'GOD' as we view it is just the anthromorphising of our hopes and fears.
We can only conceive of god in very rudimentary primitive concepts because of our immature and very limited intellect.  Primitive and immature as compared to what or whom?
Do you think humans have the pinnacle of processing power and reason in our brain for the entire universe? (aside from god) There is no evidence otherwise. Are you some sort of Trekkie?
You cussin' me, boy?   Well, do you want to be 'cussed'?? would it make you feel better?
There is no evidence otherwise. Are you some sort of Trekkie?  Hum. Dolphins seem to have much more fun.   So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Funny, he reminds me of someone recently departed. His manners were monstrous as well.
Do you know something about his murder? He? You'd think you'd know that about one of your own [sic]patents.  I am sure that Monster, were she able to reply herself would have told you in a tenderly lovingly way that it is a reality of the human condition that things always seem to be going down the drain, not to worry about it, and that with age you will begin to understand this too.
I didn't intend to make you uncomfortable.  It's not your fault. I've always had a bit too much empathy with bad comics.emoticon_cry
Yeah. Can you make it a blue streak? It's been awhile.  Hum. You may now considered yourself 'cussed' by a blue streak...if you so wish.
To bring us back to the topic, I have some questions:  In the first paragraph above, don't you think that omnipresence might imply eternality at least if not omniscience?   OK...first up excuse me if what I say makes no sense as I have never tried to really formulate my thoughts on this...  First up: omnipresence/omniscience/eternality:  I'm not sure omnipresence is the definitive word to use because it implies that there is something 'other' than is 'present' everywhere, alongside or behind every point in the universe. My POV is that 'God' literally is the universe, every particle, every wave, every field.  This certainly implies awareness of everything within the universe and all past events, but if you include knowledge of future events in the term 'omniscience' I am not so sure; time is another dimension like the spatial dimensions but it is very different in terms of what happens when you 'travel' along it compared to travelling through space, so I have never been able to view 4D spacetime as literally 4 equivalent dimensions; it is 3 space dimensions plus time. With this in mind, I am not sure that even a universal (ie space-transcending) consciousness would also transcend time.  As for eternality, this hypothetical consciousness would only exist as long as the universe exists, and we all know the problems with that little tangle...  In the second paragraph, just because something is beyond us, do you not think we can relate to it at least in a rudimentary fashion if not in a perfected (complete) fashion?  Hmmm.... I think maybe it's possible to have a brief, fragmentary awareness of a higher order, a glimpse of something that is just too vast for the human brain to rationalise, but definitely not in terms of (for example) recieving ten commandments on a mountain, or a woman being impregnated with divine offspring, etc.  It's possible that our brains could work like recievers, picking up fragments of the universal consciousness but if that is the case I think it is more likely to lead to madness than enlightenment!  I said I have had no experience of 'God' but I have had (and some will scoff I know) bizarre, spiritual experiences on LSD and mushrooms, which I have only done a few times (before I get accused of being a spaced-out hippie!). The only way I can describe the experience is as a realisation that everything, all matter and energy, is connected in a fundamental way, and more than realising it you actually experience it, you experience being part of something all-encompassing, and once you are a part you are also the whole in its entirety. You lose all sense of self, and gain a new sense of something akin to omnipresence. Of course this may just be a hallucination entirely confined to the brain but it feels so real at the time that it's hard to know.  In the third paragraph, What leads you to believe that it would see us as an extension of the planet since we are indeed distinct and separate from the planet (after all we are able to orbit the planet and even leave it all together)?  This is a toughie. Let me think about it and I'll get back to you...
I like your thinking, although I disagree with it. You say that God is the universe. I propose that God is relational. That without a relational god we are truly hopeless. The problem you are running into is that you are trying to imagine god existing within the framework of creation (universe etc.) and tying his existence to that. NOw I am going to say something that will really not make sense to you. God existed BEFORE time. Chew on that one a bit. Eternality implies an existence outside of time. And in fact, much of science alludes to this possibility. I certainly could never prove it and do not propose to but would like it if you would consider the implications.  As for God communicating to us, there is nothing that prevents that. Especially if you accept the idea that we are imago dei, image bearers of the divine. We are not perfect images but we are rational, emotional, spiritual, beings  EF   "Before time"? Does that phrase have any meanng? That is sort of like saying something is north of the north pole. It is symantically meaningless.
Defining spirit is difficult at best. From our perspectives it is not directly observable.  It's not indirectly observable either. It requires inference which puts us back at presuppositions.   I think it has no meaning and no reality. A gooey term overused by the self-righteous, be they traditional religious types or hippie new-agers.
essentially a non argument. NO logical support nor evidentiary support. It's not the substance of my argument but its spirit that counts.emoticon_xangel   Logic does not support the existence of spirits and evidence of non-existence is not required when none for existence is offered.
The question assumes the existence of God. No evidence is needed.  EF  I was addressing your claim that we have a spirit.
I was addressing your claim that we have a spirit.  But we do have a spirit.  Mine is 80 proof
Whoops. Sorry about that. I guess my evidence for it would be the emergent downward causality (as opposed to upward mentioned earlier, my error,m I was thinking about other things at the time). It is the concept that we are more than the sum of our parts.  I can give biblical references but those would not likely be accepted.   My question to answer the question would be "What is the purpose of an imagination?"  EF  No worries, mate. You know I appreciate your posts more than most of your brethren.emoticon_xhoho   I'm not sure what imagination has to do with it but your question is interesting. Let me stew a while.emoticon_xgood
Whoops. Sorry about that. I guess my evidence for it would be the emergent downward causality (as opposed to upward mentioned earlier, my error,m I was thinking about other things at the time). It is the concept that we are more than the sum of our parts.  I can give biblical references but those would not likely be accepted.   My question to answer the question would be "What is the purpose of an imagination?"  EF   This is your thread.  As far as I can see, you didn't say 'No scripture please'.
Back to the only debate in this thread so far...  I like your thinking, although I disagree with it. You say that God is the universe. I propose that God is relational. That without a relational god we are truly hopeless.  Why? I have heard variations on this many times and it utterly baffles me. Why do you feel we need a divine being who is interested in us, personally and collectively, for us to have any 'hope'? Hope, for me, as in hope for humanity, comes from what I see around me as being the positive qualities that we have as a race.  I cannot believe that a universal consciousness would care (in terms of what we humans think of as caring) about what happens to us in the long run, because the long run is either heat death or big crunch. If we are still around in this unimaginably distant future we may well have developed means to avoid the same fate as the universe, but if we don't, or if we die out before that, then that's that. End of story.  This is kind of tied in to the question I had trouble answering before, the answer to which I am still having problems defining: If God is the universe, he/she/it is also every one of us, every particle as I said before. If you look at the history of the planet in terms of particles, it's all just one dynamic system, the rocks, the oceans, the atmosphere, and the biosphere as well. The plants and creatures on this planet are made of atoms that used to be part of the rocks, oceans, and atmosphere. From this singular perspective there is no distinction between the living and the non-living parts of the planet; it's one colossal biochemical reaction.  I will concede that it is possible that this 'God' entity might be aware of our own consciousness, because according to my own logic the entity also is the matter that constitutes our brains, and it is certainly the case that many people believe God has spoken to them. Some of these people are treated as having had religious experiences, some are treated as having lost their sanity.   However this in no way leads me to contemplate the idea that the Bible, Koran, Hindu Vedas etc are any more revelatory truths than are the Greek Myths or the Aboriginal Dreamtime; these are human constructs. Some of the individuals mentioned in these various texts may have had 'divine' experiences (or may have been insane {same difference}) but it does not logically follow that any of these texts have any special significance, either compared with one another or even if accepted equally or on their own merit.   The problem you are running into is that you are trying to imagine god existing within the framework of creation (universe etc.) and tying his existence to that.  But I don't see a problem. I do see a problem with proposing that God is something 'other', something special. I have a brain, which is a real physical object. I also have a mind, which is an abstract thing the true nature of which cannot yet be ascertained, but I do not believe that it is the result of anything other than the fantastical complexity of the brain. If the physical structure of the universe is equivalent to a brain, then 'God' is the mind, but he/she/it is only a product of the universe's fantastical complexity, and not the creator.  NOw I am going to say something that will really not make sense to you. God existed BEFORE time. Chew on that one a bit. Eternality implies an existence outside of time. And in fact, much of science alludes to this possibility. I certainly could never prove it and do not propose to but would like it if you would consider the implications.  Given my last paragraph it should be clear why I don't agree with this. I also am not aware of any theories that imply any kind of extratemporal phenomena, only speculations as to what (if anything) may have happened before the Big Bang. If anything did (eg previous Big Crunch) that is not outside time, that is only time that is inaccessible to us in terms of observation.   As for God communicating to us, there is nothing that prevents that. Especially if you accept the idea that we are imago dei, image bearers of the divine. We are not perfect images but we are rational, emotional, spiritual, beings  Nothing that prevents it communicating in theory, but I have covered the communication aspect already in this post.   The idea that we are 'image bearers of the divine' comes purely from human religions, and has no concrete basis. The atoms in my body were created by nuclear fusion in the centres of stars that exploded billions of years ago. Rather than being imago dei, we are stardust. I find that idea far more grandiose and appealing than divine providence.  I'm sure you'll have more questions!  Anyone else got more than a trite one-liner on their idea of God (or whatever you think he/she/it is)?
MOst everyone knows my stance on this?  Based on your your experience what do you think God is like. Do not base it on what others say about God or on what the bible says or the Koran or ... you get the point.  Base it strictly on your own life experiences. I know you may not think God exists or you believe for sure he does not. But given your life, what you remember of it, what would you say that means about who God is.  Thanks, and just so everyone knows, I will not argue with your experiences but I may argue with your conclusions drawn if they are illogical or to challenge you to think of other possibilities. Please do the same for me. I will post on my own experience later.  EF i have no idea what "god" is supposed to be like. without a definition of god it would be impossible to recognize him even if he existed and was standing next to you  if we define god as the greatest possible being, then god is mankind  if we define god as an omnipotent omnipresent invisible being that created the universe, then god is the forces of nature  if we define god as perfection personified, then god is a future state of myself that i can never obtain  the pursuit of god is pointless. there are more realistic goals to focus on
It is not the prohibition that I reference but rather the wish to avoid a side topic of whether or not that specific scripture is valid or reliable etc. It is not the point I wish to debate and would be a rabbit trail. I simply want to stay on topic.  EF   The thing is, when it comes to 'what do you think god is like', a snippit of scripture is relavent.. as long as it isn't the whole focus. This is particularly true if it is approched by 'I believe that god is liekt his because of xxx', rather than the attitude by some of 'You must believe that God is xxx becazuse'.
Same here--I've witnessed that sort of thing firsthand as well. That's the thing--often the biggest criticism here against religion is that it's not based on evidence and observation, but the very opposite is often true. It IS based on observation, at least for me.  I've seen phenomenon take place in 3rd world countries that would leave no doubt there's a God.  I am sure you have convinced yourself that was what you saw.  However, suprisingly (or not so), none of the 'prayer over the terminally ill' has ever been able to be confirmed. In double blind tests, there is zero effect on prayer to health and recovery.
I've seen phenomenon take place in 3rd world countries that would leave no doubt there's a God.  A chapter straight out of "Gullible's Travels".emoticon_xangel  Remember, none of what you hear and only half of what you see.
Confirming God is, at best, a one-on-one job....anyway.  Unless someone has personally experienced the things of God - how would one go about proving it?  I know, I know...can't prove a negative....  Doctor says, "You're a gonner". Shows x-ray. Later, same doctor with new x-ray, "Hey, where'd that tumor go?" Peer review. Simple really.
Dude, you have no idea. Call me Thomas. I require something more than anecdote from the choir. You'd think God would indulge those like myself in order to increase the caliber of his supporters. But please, enlighten me. I love a good story.
That's because the prayer is not what does it. The prayer is just asking God to intervene. It's not like praying is going to guarantee healing--most religious people know this.   Do you know what i meann by a double blind test?? it take a look at it from a statistical point of view. You see, just as many 'terimally ill' peopel who didn't get prayed over recovered perfectly fine as 'terminlay ill' people who got prayed for.  and just as many prayed over died as the ones that didn't.  Of course, people remember the 'hits' and forget the "misses'. Of course, I know many men who would love to forget their misses.   Also, the '3rd world' community is rift with con men, who deal with illusions to grab money from the gullible. I
One, you are correct that we have never been able to recreate in a study the recovery of a terminally ill patient due to prayer. That is because it would be irresponsible to not treat people with prayer and everything else at the same time.   HOwever, your statement that there is zero effect on prayer to health and recovery (and I found this quote on many websites so wasn't sure how to credit it appropriately.). But I think a professor at duke university who reviewed 1200 studies and determined that religion in genereal and prayer in specific had distinct positive benefits would be a resonable source for the skeptical.   "Harold Koenig, MD, associate professor of medicine and psychiatry at Duke University, is senior author of a book titled, Handbook of Religion and Health. The book documents 1200 studies involving the effects of prayer on health. These studies conclude that people who pray tend to live healthier lifestyles and get sick less often than their non-praying counterparts. "  EF   Yes, and he is the author of a couple of studies. One study that showed with a smaller sample a possible link was from Duke University as a matter of fact. When they tried to reproduce the same results (same group of dcotors) with a larger study, their own work refuted their earlier work.    Frankly, all the studies I have seen that showed alijk between 'prayer' and health were flawed, and/or biased.  There have been an equal number of studies (often funteded by religious groups), that showed there were no links.  For example. .. in one of hte latest studies, Prayer does no good  http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/03/30/health/main1458679.shtml
One: A study cannot show positively no link (you cannot prove the negative) it can only show that the current study design did not show a link.    Two: A double-blind test is a control group test where neither the evaluator nor the subject knows which items are controls. Thus double blind. Both are blind to the purpose of the study and to the control. If you are going to throw the jargon around it would help if YOU knew what it meant emoticon_emb   Statistical Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) is used in almost all psychological studies.  Lastly, you avoid the actual argument and once again go down a rabbit trail. I made it very clear that what I posted was not proof. It was evidence. Yes there are studies that show the opposite. However, there are 1200 studies summarized by this one professor (and there are many others given the 1200 studies) which clearly show a link. They are double blind, peer reviewed, statistically analyzed using z scores, a two tailed ANOVA, etc.   Once again I am not saying there is proof only evidence. Just because there is evidence to the contrary does not mean that my evidence does not exist.  Please pay attention to the argument.   That is right.. That is just one of a number of studies that didn't show a link. Other ones that DID show a link were done with larger samples, and were not able to be reproduced by the very people who DID that study that showed a link. Yet, when these studies are quoted, the believers will quote the first study, yet ignore the second study done by the very same group.
Care to address your errors as well or are you still chasing the rabbit trail?  So far you repeat a non argument that is not topical. So far you provide no evidence on the actual argument. So far you don't address that you don't actually know what double blind is or how statistics are used properly.   Larger sample sizes actually are BETTER statistical representations than the smaller sample sizes. This is standard testing procedure.   Your are failing miserably in this line of argument.  Only because you are unable or unwilling to understand, because it erodes you're predeterminted belief.  And, you see, the larger samples show no evidence of praryer doing one with fo good. The smaller samples sometimes did.  Ergo facto, the smaller studies can be chalked up to statstical anomolies.
No doubt about it. Trebor has lost this one.   Only to those who are unable to read except for out of context snippits.
I think you may not have understood my point. How can you measure, from a statistical POV, what may or may not happen to begin with?   Saying, for instance, that as many failures-to-heal happened as did healings, or MORE failures-to-heal than healings (and therefore "doesn't work") is like trying to say that the invalid beggar on the street corner is doing something that doesn't work because he only gets a handout every once in awhile instead of every time. Or even half the time, or a 10th of the time. Prayer, by its very nature, isn't a machine that can be measured. By the very religious person's understanding of what it is, it's not going to work every time.    Ha, well our own world is rife with con men too, for that matter.   I know, personally, some of the people involved in the healings I'm talking about. And in none of them was money even a factor--there was no opportunity present to profit from anything. But believe or disbelieve what you want. I've seen it, and I know, from observation that the stuff is real. And a lot more than just "healings."   Like I said, I am sure you believe it. I don't believe it. I bet that if the case was looked at ffrom a professional stand point, there would be a big discrepency between what you think happened, and what actually happened.   You don't have any evidence to show it happened the way you think it did.  You, I believe, are fooled because of your desire to believe.
I agree with you EF, I think trebor has strayed off the track.  It does not mean your evidence does not exist, it does mean that your evidence may not be reliable, or that it may be of questionable value.  I believe that is the point trebor is trying to make.  To put it another way, you're trying to buy a $1 item with $.01. Sure, you've got a penny, no one is denying that, the problem is, the proof costs a dollar.  Waxy   It is more than the claimed evidence is questionable. It is that the evidennce that is claimed is not evidence of WHAT is claimed. Someone might take a snippet of fact or perception and see 'See, this is evdience of God'. However, it is not 'evidence of god' unless you assume god first.   I remember distinctly going out to a 'haunted' house with a friend. They pointed excitedly to the ghost they saw in the upstairs window. I had to point out to them, it wasn't ghsot at all, but rather it was the reflection of a street light.  Now, was that light in the window evidence of a ghost?? Nope. Was it claimed to be?? Yep.   Same thing with the 'evidence' for prayer causing the terminally ill to become healthy. It does not hold up to scruntiny.
As to the documentary evidence: I would say that my point is that it is as good of evidence as any other document considered historically reliable. For example, consider the new testament. The originals (which we do not have) were written in greek between roughtly 50 and 100 AD. While we do not have the originals there are 5000 manuscripts available with approximately 25000 copies available. Some dating back to as early as 120AD by scientific dating methods.  In comparison for Plato's manuscripts there are only 7 copies in existence and the earliest manuscript is over 1300 years after the fact of the writing. Yet these are absolutely considered to be authored by plato and to be good copies of what he actually wrote.  Norman Geisler makes several key observations for our consideration:  No other book is even a close second to the Bible on either the number or early dating of the copies. The average secular work from antiquity survives on only a handful of manuscripts; the New Testament boasts thousands.  The average gap between the original composition and the earliest copy is over 1,000 years for other books.  The New Testament, however, has a fragment within one generation from its original composition, whole books within about 100 years from the time of the autograph [original manuscript], most of the New Testament in less than 200 years, and the entire New Testament within 250 years from the date of its completion.  The degree of accuracy of the copies is greater for the New Testament than for other books that can be compared. Most books do not survive with enough manuscripts that make comparison possible.  As to the argument I raised concerning prayer and miracles, I will concede that portion. NOt that I think your correct, simply that I cannot prove it and the evidence for it has alternate explanations. It was a poorly constructed argument on my part with little actual research done. I will do more and if I find something better then I will post.  As to your last question: "My question then is simple - if that is the case, when why attempt to justify his existence using science, or more specifically logic? Why is faith in god as you've defined him not enough to satisfy you?"  It is plenty to satisfy me. However, it is not enough to satisfy you and others. My hope is to make you question and think. I also hope to learn more about my own faith and beliefs as you question me. It is good for me. I share it with others BECAUSE it has been good for me. I only wish such goodness for others as well.  EF  Do you think others have not used that exact same information.. THat is what convinced many that Christianty is a myth.. because they looked at that evidence.
The difference EF, is that Plato and Aristotle are not used as proof of a supernatural being, global floods, and miracles. Those documents are also not claimed to be perfect and divinely inspired.  Hardly a subtle difference I would say.emoticon_xhoho
Hardly a subtle difference I would say.emoticon_xhoho   Let us also look at the conclusion that Geisler is coming to.  His conclusion is that because there were so many copies so early, that it 'proves' that the books were historically accurate, and therefore his interprestion that the 'prove' J4sus to be God and Messiah is true.  This is a false conclusion based on the evidence. What CAN bec concluded is that the development of Christaintiy happened within the time period that manuscripts would not have deteroirated, that it happened during a time there was a higher level of literacy, and that the preservation of those manucripts were important to the priests after the fall of the roman empire.  The numbers say nothing about the 'truth' of the claims in the manuscripts at all.
Actually, you are correct at least to a degree. I would say that what the numbers show is that the people who wrote what is in the new testament believed what they were writing to be true. I would agree that it does not necessarily prove it to be true. Do any of you, trebor, waxy, sinjin, et al, agree?  EF  I do agree assuming that our translations have not substantially altered the original meaning. Translation can change meaning by using words that signify concepts not intended by the original author. I believe the translated phrase "Son of God" has been a subject of debate.
You mean an intentional con Waxy? Man, you're more cynical than me.
Actually, you are correct at least to a degree. I would say that what the numbers show is that the people who wrote what is in the new testament believed what they were writing to be true. I would agree that it does not necessarily prove it to be true. Do any of you, trebor, waxy, sinjin, et al, agree?  EF   No, that isn't what the numbers indiicate. The numbers indicate that the people who read it took it seriously, not the authors. The numbers do not indicate how seriously the authors took it one way or another.   To look at how seriously the authors took it, you would have to look at the documents themselves in a historical/cultural context. It has been suggested by some that the author of Matthew wrote it as satire against the early Christian belief, and it was backed up by them in a reasonble manner. I would say that the person who wrote Luke and Acts took it quite seriously (and admits quite clearly he was not an eye witness), and  I can understand why some people would consider Matthew a satire on it (not sure I totally agree).   I will say that the gospels (with possibly the exception of Matthew) were written with honest beliefs. It does not make them true.
Greetings, all. It's been quite some time since I've posted on this forum and it may have been another long while if it weren't for some interesting circumstances in my family. To state it briefly, my sister recently "came out" as a christian in an otherwise atheist family. She did so in letter form and stated her feelings and reasons for her decision. We've all looked at it as an opportunity to open a dialogue about beliefs and reason and what follows is my first response to one of the specific "problems" she assigned to atheism. We've all heard it before: atheism is not a logically defensible position since you must be omnipotent to prove there is no god anywhere in the universe.   I know, in the end, that it won't matter what I write to her since reason is typically hopeless if the face of belief, but I thought it would be an interesting exercise to get a little more mileage out of these thoughts on this forum. There's been some editing to protect the innocent, but it's otherwise as I first wrote it...   Atheism (cue Darth Vader music). What is it? Semantic games aside (we'll get to those), an atheist is someone who does not believe in God (or any gods for that matter). This much is obvious. However, when you start looking closer, you might see some different varieties of atheists - "weak atheists," who might also be called agnostics - and "strong atheists," who would be more likely to say that there absolutely is no God, period. Now these aren't strict categories, like Protestant or Catholic, but they help us realize that atheism comes in different flavors (like Godless Grape or Sacrilicious Sherbet), which makes it difficult for any argument to pin down atheism by definition alone. So when someone says "atheism doesn't make sense because the word 'atheist' means this..." it's not really addressing atheism, or atheists, just a particular definition of a word.   Even so, let's look at that exact claim: "'Atheism' literally means 'no god' and that doesn't make sense since you can't prove a negative without being omnipotent." First, as has been pointed out, this isn't really the modern usage of the word (which is more like "without belief in a god"), but how can one interpret a word except by how it's used? If a word has multiple uses and definitions, which exactly is the "right" one? We'll stay away from this slippery semantic slope though, and take the claim at face value: atheism means no God. Can this position be proven? Nope. You can't prove a negative. No one in this family can make the absolute claim that "there is no God of any kind anywhere." But this is a dangerous road for the believer to go down, because just as we can't claim that there absolutely is no deity, neither can they claim that there absolutely is (even if the clouds parted and giant guy with a white beard did a cannonball into the ocean, how could we absolutely know it's not just advanced aliens playing mind games with us?). So if the atheist can't call him/herself an atheist simply on logical grounds, then neither can a theist call him/herself a theist for the same reason. Then we'd all live in the gray goo of agnosticism and nobody would be sure of anything.  Thankfully, though, we don't live in a world where absolute proof is necessary to make a claim. Absolute proof only exists in the abstract realms of logic and math. We live in a world where the best we can do on any matter is make theories based on observations. One person says, "Based on what I see and what I feel, it makes sense to me that there must be a God. I'll call myself a Christian/Muslim/Jew/Druid/whatever since that best describes my interpretation of the world." Another persons says, "I look at the world and see no evidence for the supernatural. It makes sense to me that there is no God. I'll call myself an atheist since that best describes my interpretation." From this perspective, arguing against the term "atheism" or "theism" makes no difference to the validity of the worldviews themselves. What you have to look at is the evidence that supports or doesn't support either of them.   Personally, I've heard this argument from apologists and evangelicals numerous times. It's used to try and knock the atheist back to a softer position, but it isn't terribly effective, for the above reasons. As I heard one woman recently say to a particularly obstinate evangelist, "You can call me whatever makes you happy," but it doesn't change her lack of beliefs.  To further expand the definition of the word, I'm an atheist towards God, an atheist towards leprechauns, an atheist towards invisible pink elephants and pretty much any supernatural phenomenon that one can think up. Is it possible that such things exist somewhere in the vast universe? Perhaps, but I feel comfortable enough with our current knowledge of the laws of physics to say that there's no need to posit their existence. Besides, if I were a believer, I think that argument (that God could exist somewhere we haven't looked yet) actually belittles the religious experience. God is supposed to be everywhere, and finding Him, an easy task. To use the "atheism/omnipotence" argument is to effectively admit that there is, in fact, no legitimate evidence for God in our current realm of knowledge.   Of course, as has been said, absence of evidence isn't evidence of absence. The fact that there's an absence of evidence for an invisible, insubstantial pink elephant right behind me doesn't mean that there's not one there. This follows for God as well. Philosophically speaking, they're the same. We could populate every square inch of the universe with such non-things and yet, at the end of the day, there's just us, our actions and our relationships to each other that make up our world. For me, that's enough.    I'll be adding some more to this in the coming couple weeks on the nature of morality and the Meaning of Life (that one should be easy). In the meantime, I hope it's useful to anyone here and I certainly welcome any debate on the topic. Thanks!
However, when you start looking closer, you might see some different varieties of atheists - "weak atheists," who might also be called agnostics - and "strong atheists," who would be more likely to say that there absolutely is no God, period. I'm repeatedly surprised by how many people equate weak atheism with agnosticism. Here's how it works: Strong atheism: "I positively believe that there is no god." Weak atheism: "I lack the belief in a god," or sometimes, "I don't think there is a god." Weak agnosticism: "I don't know if there is a god." Strong agnosticism: "There is no way to know if there is a god." (This one led to the bumper sticker: MILITANT AGNOSTICISM; I don't know, and you don't either.)  Absolute proof only exists in the abstract realms of logic and math. And liquor. emoticon_xhoho  To further expand the definition of the word, I'm an atheist towards God, an atheist towards leprechauns, an atheist towards invisible pink elephants and pretty much any supernatural phenomenon that one can think up. This is indeed the correct rebuttal. You can prove that your sister uses the logic behind the assumption of atheism all the time, be it with leprechauns, invisible pink unicorns (mhhhnbs), Greek gods and godesses, Ahuramazda, and the big head from Star Trek V. She doesn't claim to need omnipotence to reject belief in those entities, so she is committing the fallacy so special pleading with her argument.  Those things being said, you must realize: you sister, as well as anyone else, is entitled to her own religious beliefs regardless of how silly they are or how much you object. It's one thing to defend your beliefs, but it's quite another to go on the offensive without an invitation or provocation. While I would love to say at will to Bible-thumpers, "Your beliefs are silly and -- more importantly -- your actions are sometimes detrimental to society," that would reduce me to acting at their level of blind proselytization in violation of one's civil rights. I choose not to stoop that low, and I encourage you to choose the same.
electrolyte: Thanks for the clarification on "weak atheism/agnosticism". I'll make note of it for future explanations.  Of course you're right that my sister is entitled to her belief, and I've made every effort to make it clear that I don't wish to criticize her personally for the path she's chosen. What I can comfortably do, though, is to politely address any fallacies she's picked up along her way, without directly challenging her beliefs. For instance, she has also listed the "tornado in a hangar assembling a 747" argument against abiogenesis, which I know was fed to her and to which not one atheist here could resist replying at least, "Umm, not quite..."
What I can comfortably do, though, is to politely address any fallacies she's picked up along her way, without directly challenging her beliefs. On this, I completely agree. emoticon_xgood   For instance, she has also listed the "tornado in a hangar assembling a 747" argument against abiogenesis, which I know was fed to her and to which not one atheist here could resist replying at least, "Umm, not quite..." Well, my reply probably wouldn't be that polite...
electrolyte: Thanks for the clarification on "weak atheism/agnosticism". I'll make note of it for future explanations.  Of course you're right that my sister is entitled to her belief, and I've made every effort to make it clear that I don't wish to criticize her personally for the path she's chosen. What I can comfortably do, though, is to politely address any fallacies she's picked up along her way, without directly challenging her beliefs. For instance, she has also listed the "tornado in a hangar assembling a 747" argument against abiogenesis, which I know was fed to her and to which not one atheist here could resist replying at least, "Umm, not quite..."   Of course, you could also point out that all the pieces of evidence she has 'for' her god, really isn't evidence at all. Most of the evidences I have seen for god either were subjective experiances (I felt the holy spirit .. take your lithum kid).. )< or most often the logal fallacy of personal incredibilty , followed by a statement of iognorance about something.
So...all Christians have some sort of brain damage, trebor? You're not getting any better at this are you?  Despite Trebor's caustic language, he does have a point. The assertion of the religious, if believed by an individual, would be evidence of mental illness. To quote Sam Harris:  If I believe that Christ was born of a virgin, resurrected bodily after death, and is now literally transformed into a wafer at the Mass, I can still function as a respected member of society. I can believe these propositions because millions of others believe them, and we have all been taught to overlook how irrational this picture of reality is. If, on the other hand, I wake up tomorrow morning believing that God is communicating with me through my hairdryer, I'll be considered a nut, even in church. The beliefs themselves are more or less on a par-in so far as they are in flagrant violation of the most basic principles of reason. The perversity of religion is that it allows sane people to believe the unbelievable en masse.   There are no other circumstances of human belief systems in which we allow such departures from reason, other than religious belief. This is not to say that the religious are mentally ill, but why is it that is exactly how we would label an individual who believes a similar, if unique collection of ideas?? If I told you that Zeus spoke to me after I prayed to him, what would you think of that?
That's a mighty bold statement, thelmoose. Are you sure you want to stick with it? For example: Serial killers have a belief system that requires them to kill, and rapists to do their deeds. Not all these are linked to religion.   That is quite different. Those belief systems are not sanctioned, they are considered pathological.   First, I find it interesting that you use, as examples that are supposed to be comparable to religion, the perverted beliefs of criminals. Those belief systems would be considered a psychiatric pathology, which is exactly the point I was making. Secondly, if you think it's such a bold statement, name a single belief system, that compares with religion in its departure from reason that is considered socially acceptable.   You also didn't answer my Zeus question.
Political beliefs also permit a departure from reason. You only have to talk to a BNP member to see that, or watch an Marxist-Leninist (Read: Stalinist) contort themselves while explaining why what Stalin did was ok.  Those may be opinions that are ethically suspect, but they still are confined to the tenets of the rules of the physical world. If they are logically perverse, that can be refuted, and it sounds like you believe they are. Wildly divergent opinions of ethics are not the departures from reality seen in the delusions of the mentally ill.   Again, are you comparing religious ideas with the BNP or Stalin?
 I have stated many times here that if a person, be he good or bad or indifferent, lives by a set of beliefs, then that person is religious. Wouldn't you agree?   I wouldn't.  You're using two definitions of "religion" interchangeably. Religion (capital R) is inexorably linked to a belief in the supernatural. A religion (small r) is simply what we call a pursuit of something with with very strict, unquestioning adherence - i.e., consumerism or dieting could be considered the "religions" of those who follow them as if they were Religions. They are not the same thing.   If Zeus talked to you and guided you to a better life, whereby all those you came in contact with profited from it, then I would have to say, "Zeus must be a good god."  And if I told you that Christ speaks to me everytime I pray to Him, what would you say?  If I believed Zeus was talking to me, I'd probably be in an institution.
A belief system is just that - a system. It doesn't matter where they come from. That was my point. Besides anything that compares to religion is a religion, imo. Religion in and of itself has nothing to do with Christ. Your statement said, specifically: Religion. I have stated many times here that if a person, be he good or bad or indifferent, lives by a set of beliefs, then that person is religious. Wouldn't you agree?  We're getting off the point, I think. I was talking about belief systems that are socially acceptable, that was my point. Your examples were not. None of those "compare to religion". Likewise, I am not talking about which belief systems are religious, but which are rational. The only acceptable irrational belief system is religion.  To repeat, you said, "That's a mighty bold statement, thelmoose." To which I challenged you "name a single belief system, that compares with religion in its departure from reason that is considered socially acceptable."   If Zeus talked to you and guided you to a better life, whereby all those you came in contact with profited from it, then I would have to say, "Zeus must be a good god."  That is kind of you to say, but I suspect you would turn away and roll your eyes and make an aside that this guy is bonkers.   And if I told you that Christ speaks to me everytime I pray to Him, what would you say? I would say that you truly believe that, but I respectfully submit that belief has no basis in fact.
 Religion with a big R has nothing to do with belief in God (or gods) any more than does rubbing a mule twixt the ears with an ear of corn keep it from starving to death.   Not necessarily God(s), but very defintinely at least the supernatural. I am using the primary definition found in at least three dictionary sources. Your definition seems unique to yourself. We all make up our own defintions from time to time, which is fine, but your particular version won't have much meaning if you want to get into debates where we all need a level semantic playing field.
All I am saying, fish, is that the definition don't work anymore....  ...which you're completely entitled to do. Why doesn't it work?
No, you just don't want to accept the fact that religion has mutated to the point that is only a shadow of what it once was. What is "socially acceptable" now is a system of luxurious values aimed to please the crowd. It's a ploy by those who can't feel God's presence and don't think anyone really does anyway.  I would absolutely accept that religion has changed, and it looks like in your mind, for the worse. However, that is not my argument. It looks like we are struggling to connect on our points, at least I am not quite understanding you. So, I appreciate your interaction and lets leave it at that.   God was, is, and will always be illogical. Those who try to prove otherwise fail miserably.  Sounds like we agree. Sorta, kinda.  I agree that logical proof of God's existence will never be possible and should not be attempted. If I was a believer, I might even consider an attempt to do so blasphemous. How we differ, I think, is I do not choose to believe in such concepts and prefer to remain in the logical realm. It may seem mundane and less wonderful to you, but I cannot give up my gift of reason in this respect.
 No, you just don't want to accept the fact that religion has mutated to the point that is only a shadow of what it once was. What is "socially acceptable" now is a system of luxurious values aimed to please the crowd. It's a ploy by those who can't feel God's presence and don't think anyone really does anyway.  Sorry, I missed this as your reason why religion has changed. I think you're probably right about how American materialism has corrupted how religion is percieved and propagated in this country. But there are many religions that time and change haven't gotten their grubby mits on. I don't think this is reason enough to decry mutation of "Religion", only enough to say that old time values (whatever those are) don't always survive in tact in modern societies.
Religion was once an honorable system of beliefs based on God and His teachings. It made its way through horrible times, taking root in the foundation of society - the home. It was taught as a direct link to God's plan for mankind, a road map, using the Bible as the sole guide.   Again, we've found out that by "Religion" you really mean "Christian Beliefs." Certainly those have changed, but Religion is still what it is. You could even say that modern Christianity is a completely different religion than what it used to be, but that still doesn't change the nature of religion.  As for being an "honorable system of beliefs" I would beg to differ. The Old Testament by itself has some of the most disonorable values ever written.   Then came along those that would distort it, putting to death all those that opposed its teachings, branching off several different ways into denominations or divisions, blantantly ignoring the Gospels. Soon a Christian wasn't a Christian unless he/she followed a certain set of rules, which were established by man, not God.  Religion has become similar to what Democrats and Republicans have become - you can't tell what it stands for and when you finally discover it, it changes. To me, at least, it has become a political platform, nothing more.  Yeah, there were some pretty silly things established in the name of God and the Bible. But maybe there was some positive change as well? Or perhaps we should go back to doing exactly what the Bible says and stone people to death for working on Sunday.
Instead for a moment, lets look at the sum total of the positive or negative effect of being a modern day theist or an atheist. If atheism is so truthful, so provable, so "solid as rock" real to life, then why does our western civilization still keep christianity alive ? Why do people want to keep a lie alive? ...  The argument here is that religion is irrational. Wouldn't that answer your question as to why these people ignore the argument? Or better yet, you tell us why.   Here are some of the silly things people do when they truly believe in a lie.  Crawl out of their warm bed on their day off and go sit on hard pews and listen to someone preach a lie. Give their money in tithes to a lie, keep the most popular " lie filled" book in all history in their homes, get married by a person living a lie, baptize their newborn with a lie, go to the hospital chapel while their loved one is on the cutting table and ask a liar for some help, conduct the burial services with a lie, ... just a few  Yeah, shocking, isn't it?  Is this an argument for or against religion?
 Lets drop what the old testament said, lets drop what all the atheists intellectuals on here will say about religion, christianity, or any more debating on what a person cannot prove to be logical or within reason. ...   If you insist, but I'd still like an explanation as to why we shouldn't exact stony retribution for all manner of minor offenses.    Instead for a moment, lets look at the sum total of the positive or negative effect of being a modern day theist or an atheist. If atheism is so truthful, so provable, so "solid as rock" real to life, then why does our western civilization still keep christianity alive ? Why do people want to keep a lie alive? ...   A number of reasons, I'm sure. I'll go with the first one that comes to mind: religion = easy answers and the majority of people don't like working for their answers. I'll list a few more if you like.    Here are some of the silly things people do when they truly believe in a lie.  Crawl out of their warm bed on their day off and go sit on hard pews and listen to someone preach a lie. Give their money in tithes to a lie, keep the most popular " lie filled" book in all history in their homes, get married by a person living a lie, baptize their newborn with a lie, go to the hospital chapel while their loved one is on the cutting table and ask a liar for some help, conduct the burial services with a lie, ... just a few  The Native Americans prayed to their lie to help with the hunt. The Greeks sought advice from oracles for their lies. Muslims make a pilgrimige to their lie. Yup, they're all lies, alright. If it's all the same to you, I'll forego the lie and sleep in on Sunday.
To paraphrase a well-known atheist who happens to be incredibly educated in evolutionary biology:  Say I held the believe that I was Napoleon. Very few other people, or possibly nobody, shares this belief; I am viewed as delusional. But religion is different: in a religion, everyone shares the same delusion...
[QUOTE=greg 79 f150]Lets drop what the old testament said, lets drop what all the atheists intellectuals on here will say about religion, christianity, or any more debating on what a person cannot prove to be logical or within reason. ...  Instead for a moment, lets look at the sum total of the positive or negative effect of being a modern day theist or an atheist. If atheism is so truthful, so provable, so "solid as rock" real to life, then why does our western civilization still keep christianity alive ? Why do people want to keep a lie alive?   A little straw man creeps in here, I think. Has any atheist on this board described atheism as 'provable'?  That aside, why does your rhetorical question privilege christianity? Aztec penitants had to pull strings of thorns through holes in their tongues in the name of their religion; Hindu ascetics live on the brink of starvation in the name of theirs.  Throughout history and ethnography, religions of all stripes have exercised powerful control over the lives of their adherents. In Darwinian terms, something that costs so much (whether it's a tithe, a hole in your tongue or a virgin sacrifice) will persist only if it delivers an even greater pay-off; and for most of history religion has done just that, cementing societies together in a common cause, providing rationalisation and sanctification of codes of behaviour, and legitimising leadership.  Since the Enlightenment, we have begun to see that these things are possible without an underpinning of irrational belief in supernatural agencies. However, a strong disposition in human brains to look for causes, and to invent supernatural ones where no natural cause is obvious, means that religion will be with us for some generations yet.
If atheism is so truthful, so provable, so "solid as rock" real to life, then why does our western civilization still keep christianity alive ? Why do people want to keep a lie alive?  Because people are stupid, easily indoctrinated, and wilfully ignorant.
And if I told you that Christ speaks to me everytime I pray to Him, what would you say?  I'd say prove it.
What is so bad about being unsure? That's a good point. "I don't know" shouldn't be considered a bad phrase to use. Many things (okay, most things) in the universe are currently beyond our understanding and the rational person should be fine with admitting that. What we see instead is most people just inserting "goddidit" into anyting they don't understand and not taking the time to investigate it properly.  In the case of "what caused the Big Bang" there's still lots to be learned and "I don't know" is a perfectly reasonable response for the layperson. In the case of "is there a god" we have all the reasons I gave a the start of this thread to consider, so we can be comfortable enough to answer "I'm as sure as I can be that there isn't."
Christian beliefs are the same no matter where you go, fishpower. It's the mutated "christian" that I'm referring to - those who abuse the name of God and all that was once considered holy/sacred. Like Greg said, there are still those who want nothing to do with what religion has become. These are the ones that put aside their selfishness and worship God for who God is and not what "His Name" can do to further their cause.  That's all well and good, but you're missing my point. Your claim was that Reigion has changed, but when you use the word "religion" you're really just referring to Chrisianity. You seem to be forgetting, though, that Christianity isn't the only religion in the world. My point was that Religion hasn't changed becuase Religion itself is simply a worship of any supernatural entity, be it God, Vishnu, Ra, the alien ship behind the Hale-Bopp comet or anything else you care to make up.  I think we've beaten the hair off both sides of that dead horse, fishpower. Can't remember if you were part of those discussions, but I think the jury's still out whether those dishonorable values were the result of God or of mankind.  You were the one that brought up those good old-fashioned values. I can't not question that very dubious assertion. If you grant that any part of the Bible was gotten wrong by those who wrote it down, then what cause do you have to believe a single word of it?
That's a mighty bold statement, thelmoose. Are you sure you want to stick with it? For example: Serial killers have a belief system that requires them to kill, and rapists to do their deeds. Not all these are linked to religion.Belief system?   Or, hormonal drive?
. . . . And if I told you that Christ speaks to me everytime I pray to Him, what would you say?I'd like to know what voice Christ uses when He speaks to you.  Also, does He give you any stock tips?
I do see your point, but isn't the Christian religion the one that's most abused in the USA?  Not even close. Try being a Muslim, or an atheist (if you count atheism as a religion).  Master_Shake and fishpower: I agree: "I don't know" is a powerful, valid answer. Strangely, some theists use the "I don't know" phrase to mean "Goddidit." This of course is the God of the Gaps (argument from ignorance) fallacy, but there's a really fun way to make fun of this argument: Whenever "I don't know" means "Goddidit," then it can be stated as "I don't know, therefore I know." This is an obvious logical impossibility. Now when we consider that fishpower's sister was claiming that "atheism requires one to be omniscient," but we show that this explanation leads one to know absolutely everything, whose argument is the one that breaks down?
I do see your point, but isn't the Christian religion the one that's most abused in the USA? That was my point.  Alright, so we've narrowed it down to this country. Fair enough. You say Christianity is abused. This isn't so much a discussion for an atheist to get into as it is between different sects of Christianity battling for who has the "correct interpretation."   Maybe the "correct" version of Christianity only existed between Jesus and his immediate followers. Maybe the "correct" version entails handling snakes and speaking in tongues. When you start interpreting the Bible, as you obviously have to do to discount some of its crazier teachings, then you lose the ability to be able to say definitively which interpretation is correct. If the catholics interpret it to say we can't wear rubbers, you can't correct them except to say "I think my interpretation is better." And if you don't want to interpret it at all, then by god, let's stone us some adulterers.  Personally, I think the correct interpretaton of the Bible is as a document of the beliefs of some ancient people looking for answers.  I don't grant any part of it as wrong.  If it's not wrong, what is it?
I do see your point, but isn't the Christian religion the one that's most abused in the USA? That was my point. . . .Um, why so many churches in the USA? Why so many growing churches in the USA?  Where, specifically, is the abuse?
Big Orn, I don't think there can ever be a "back to basics" christian religion becuase I don't believe you'll ever get a univeral consensus on what the "basics" really are. If there is such a thing, it was probably known only to Jesus and his immediate followers, and since none of those people likely existed anyway, it's a lost cause.
Personally, I think the correct interpretaton of the Bible is as a document of the beliefs of some ancient people looking for answers.  That's your opinion and I shouldn't condemn you for it. I would like to ask what brought you to that conclusion, though.  Ron, please excuse the butting in. The fact is the bible is an arbitrary compendium (many documents, not 'a document' ) of an ancient people's writings. Not all of the documents were 'looking for answers': some, like the Book of Esther, were just re-tellings of folk tales. Whatever their provenance, their selection and incorporation into the present-day bible suited the purely temporal agendas of the human beings who did the selecting in the 4th century. Live with it.
Whoah! lots of stuff colliding here. Islam is being discriminated against, often in strange ways fuelled by ignorance, in the US as per the 30 Days documentary. Atheists are being discriminated against, not sure it's a religion but if they insist it is, it maybe worthwhile finding out how it stands legally. (Anti-discrimination laws) Christianity in the US has gone down a route to insanity and back, it's far more a mess of cults than anything else. Mormons, AiG, FES, Southern Baptists... Not a good place to start from. The text may have been abused by those proclaiming to uphold it but that is an internal factor. And that's just the view from Britain...
The problem lies in the blatant misinterpretation of His Word. I believe those that do this aren't quite sure there's a God or gods, either. That's where my point comes to focus...or at least I would have thought so. There's going to be honest mistakes made in interpretation no matter what division of religion to which one belongs.   This is largely rhetorical and once again boils down to your word against theirs as to what the "proper" version of Christianity is. For all the mistakes in interpretation you may point out that someone else has made, they'll levy just as many against you based on their own framework of understanding. In some cases people have obviously stretched the meaning of a passage way beyond what it should be, but in many cases, especially where the Bible gives conflicting messages, one interpretation is really as good as another.   That's your opinion and I shouldn't condemn you for it. I would like to ask what brought you to that conclusion, though.  Master_Shake summed this up adequately.  Like I said above, fish, we can be His immediate followers if we so choose. And yes there is such a thing as going back and getting the real message. It takes letting go of our silly human pride and seeing religion for what it really is, however.  More rhetoric. Please explain clearly what this ideal Christianity of yours is, where you get it from, and and how it relates, or doesn't relate, to the Bible.
Come right on in and pull up a stump... :)  Thank you. I appreciate the civility. (That is not a sarcastic comment. Manners count.)  That's not really the reason the Bible has lasted so long. It's weathered the storm despite all those that think it's nothing more than fairy tales.  Well, yes, but so have the Hindu vedas and the Qu'ran. What marks the bible as different from them?
It is only different in the sense that it touches a person differently. In some other life I might have chosen the others. It depends on the person and how that person applies himself to that specific guide.  In other words I can't condemn another simply because their God or gods are different from mine. Unless I have personally experienced their God/gods how can I know?  Now, the Bible to me means more than any other works similar because I have discovered that it works for me. I have faith in its messages and lessons. What is most illogical and unexplainable is that I never read the Bible alone - the Holy Spirit guides me through it, explaining things I can't understand.  Now you know why I don't make much sense here. I can't explain faith or prove God, or display evidence of any kind.  Ron, you are an honest man and deserve our respect for that. (If that sounds like b/s, it isn't meant that way.)  The fact remains, humans in any culture have a strong compulsion to seek explanations and justifications for the way the world is, and they'll grab whatever nostrum is closest. In your case, it was the bible. If you'd been born in another time or place it could equally well have been the vedas or the Qu'ran, and whatever had seemed illogical and unexplainable therein, your faith would have guided you through it.
Not close? Have you listened to the televangelists lately? Why count Christians who bash Christians? If I bash my own beliefs nonstop, why should I get status as "abused"?  About the muslims - the ratio is not up there enough yet to compare it to Christianity in the US. Ratio? If you're referring to the ratio of Muslims to Christians, the ratio is irrelevant to the question. Otherwise, think back a couple years to all the talk about how Islam is a violent, avenging religion...  And atheists? First of all I don't consider atheism a religion. But if I did how is atheism being abused? One of my favorites is Bush Sr.'s statement that atheists shouldn't even be citizens since this is "one nation under God." Any time any religion is endorsed, superficially or not, by the government, be it by displaying the Ten Commandments in a courthouse or approving the teaching of creationism, all religious views to which those things don't apply are being abused. In the above examples, all non-Abrahamic views are discriminated against when the Ten Commandments are displayed (and some might even say some Abrahamic views are as well, depending on which version is used), and when creationism is taught for religious reasons, all other religions are tread upon. Guess which view gets hit every time any religion is endorsed?
I'm not talking about bashing. "Bashing" is not encompassed by "being abused"?  Should have said, "The most popular religion", maybe. If a religion has to be "the most popular religion" in order to be abused, then you are defining which religion is being abused regardless of actual abuse. This is absurd. As I said, since you're referring to numbers, your "rebuttal" has no logical foundation. Just because there's only one me doesn't mean I can't be abused.  You are very close to understanding my point. Oh, see, I understand your point, but that doesn't mean that I think your point is correct.  "Render unto Caesar what is his and unto the Lord what belongs to him..." I've never denied Caesar or the Lord that which is rightfully theirs. Of course, that doesn't mean I've given anything to either...
One cannot explain the faith of God in a logical manner. In order to make myself clear, then you would need some measure of faith. I doubt that will happen.  I could explain the Gospels, but that's where the problems start. Right? Let's just say that I can't explain ideal Christianity and be done with it.  In other words, religion is like the blues. If you have to have it explained to you, you're just not going get it. Kinda poetic, in a way, if frustrating to those who wish to better understand it.   Your brand of christianity seems uniquely tolerant and open, and I guess that's to be commended, but I don't think that makes it any more true than any of the variations you bemoan in your posts. The most liberal, loving, open interpretation of the Bible is still just a liberal, loving, open interpretation of a piece of ancient fiction.
In other words, religion is like the blues. If you have to have it explained to you, you're just not going get it. Or, as I like to put it, "You have to believe in order to believe." (Then there's its close relative, "If you want to understand the Bible, you have to understand the Bible first.") You know, 'cause that's a lot of help...
In an ideal situation you would welcome it explained to you because you have prayed for that help and it was delivered.  No, an ideal situation is me being skeptical and you providing fool-proof reasons for me to accept your premise that there is a God. If I've prayed for the explanation, then I've already made the leap into blind faith.   My "brand" is not unique or new...and your opinion of the Bible is just that.  It's not just an opinion. It's a logical stance. When a book is put in front of me I regaurd it as a book and nothing more. If you tell me that it's a magic book that contains the secret to eternal life, I'll ask you to prove it. And if you open it up and point to page 480 where it says its a magical book that contains the secret to eternal life, I'll politely tell you I think you're a little loopy. If you tell me that in order to prove that its a magic book, I first have to beieve that it's a magic book, I'll frown at you sternly. And if you mention that millions of people believe in the magic book as you do, it'll make me more than a little worried about the state of the world.
Let's say it is. If someone lives what is in your mind a good life as a result of its inspiration, does it really make any difference?  Of course not, if that inspiration led only to harmonious living. But tolerance and understanding aren't all that we see religion teaching in the world today. In a lot of places it seems to be quite the opposite.
It's not just an opinion. It's a logical stance. When a book is put in front of me I regaurd it as a book and nothing more. If you tell me that it's a magic book that contains the secret to eternal life, I'll ask you to prove it. And if you open it up and point to page 480 where it says its a magical book that contains the secret to eternal life, I'll politely tell you I think you're a little loopy. If you tell me that in order to prove that its a magic book, I first have to beieve that it's a magic book, I'll frown at you sternly. And if you mention that millions of people believe in the magic book as you do, it'll make me more than a little worried about the state of the world.  Nice take.  I, instead, offer them my own book. My book says that my book is magic, and that all other books are lies, and that my own books is the complete truth.  Then I watch them turn themselves inside out trying to discredit my book without discrediting their own.
And every athiest is your ideal person? There are more than a few athiests who believe things, and act on those beliefs, that many would consider intolerant and unloving.  Setting aside the straw man, this observation has no bearing whatsoever on the point at issue.  The proposition 'people who believe in the bible may lead bad lives' is in no way negated by the observation that 'people who do not believe in the bible may lead bad lives'. The issue is whether belief in the bible promotes a virtuous life; the fact that some unbelievers lead less than virtuous lives is a red herring.
Okay, Big Orn, it appears that I actually was misunderstanding, because you're using "abuse" in a different (albeit interesting) way:  Abuse in this case means using religion in an improper or harmful way for personal gain by means of deception and acting as though they are doing it out of love, compassion, etc.; fooling the congregation.  Cleary a big difference. In other words, you're using the word abuse as it is used in the phrase "drug abuse" (i.e. using drugs incorrectly) as opposed to as it is used in "child abuse" (treating a child inappropriately).  In this case, I agree with you: it's ridiculous when people "abuse" (I would say "exploit") religion to further their agenda. I wish I'd understood your point originally, because it's a valid one.
And every athiest is your ideal person? There are more than a few athiests who believe things, and act on those beliefs, that many would consider intolerant and unloving.  Good question (even though I didn't really make that implication). I think the difference is in the nature and absolutness of those beliefs.   Extreme example:  If an otherwise sane atheist believes that he must kill all people who don't believe as he does, he does so because that's what his internal logic tells him to do. Anything based on logic can be reasoned with (in my perfect world). If he doesn't listen, we say he's unreasonable and lock him up. If an otherwise sane Muslim believes it's his duty to kill as many infidels as possible, he does so because his holy book commands it. If his faith is strong and unquestioning, no amount of logic will prevail.   We can't stop people from having bad ideas and forming erroneous beliefs, but if we take away the idea of absolute infalability that's at the core of religions, then we at least have room for real communication and problem resolution.
The issue is whether belief in the bible promotes a virtuous life; the fact that some unbelievers lead less than virtuous lives is a red herring.  That too. :)
If you go your entire life being skeptical of all things, do you actually have the benefit of all life's pleasures? Some religions on one side of you (mankind) are pulling you away of experiencing life and skepticism is on the other building walls.  Is blindly accepting a wild claim about the nature of the universe a pleasure? I guess I'll just be missing out on that one. There's plenty of other little pleasures out there, my friend, that my skepticism doesn't interfere with. Listening to Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, watching my girlfriend smile, scarfing down a hot fudge sundae, and a thousand others. These are the ones that I can experience directly without having to dream up something that's not there. These are the ones that make life worthwhile.   It doesn't hurt a thing to take an adventure into unexplored territory every now and then and look for the things it has to offer.   I'm adventuring into unexplored terriroty every time I walk out the door in the morning. I don't need to turn my reasoning off at any point to admire the beauty and mystery of life.   Logically speaking...I like that take myself. I'll have to give a big thumbs-up on that reply.  Thanks, man.
The problem is that logic is necessarily based on assumptions. The assumptions of an atheist who reaches the logical conclusion that people who disagree with him have to die, will do so on certain basic assumptions, which will be as fundamental to him as religious beliefs.  Logic is only a tool, and as such it's not really based on anything except the assumption that 1 + 1 = 2. If our homicidal atheist is truly reasonable, he will be able to be recognize that even his core assumptions should be subject to logical analysis. Our religious zealot, on the other hand, gaurds his core assumptions from the same analysis.
evidence has little to do with actual logic.  One can reach a perfectly logical conclusion that has no basis in reality depending on the assumptions one start's with. To say that atheism or theism is illogical is simply missing the point. Atheism and theism are assumptions. One must first assume one or the other to test the theory.  I don't think this is right. I would say that atheism and theism aren't assumptions. They are the results that logic gives us from other, more basic assumptions.   Assumption 1: the universe operates on a purely natural, material basis. Its rules are learnable and allow us to make predictions on how it will behave.   Assumption 2: the universe as we see it is mostly natural, but contains much that is supernatural. That which is natural is knowable and predictable, but the supernatural, by its very nature, will defy natural rules.   The first assumption, if its supported by what we observe in the universe, will lead one to atheism. Or put in another way, it will not lead one to theism.  The second assmption opens room to believe in God, who does not fit into the completely natural framework. Or to believe in Thor. Or gremlins. Or oompa loompas. Or whatever thing you want to make up or "intuitively feel" into that supernatural space.  So how do we determine which assumption is correct? We look for evidence of the supernatural. We look to see if things happen which defy natural explanation. Lo and behold, they do not. We have not one single, clinching piece of evidence which can't be otherwise explained in natural terms.  I fear I might be opening some floodgates with this one, but there ya go.
There is no logic to atheism, or any other allusion or disillusion to religion.  I came into this world just me, no manual wrapped around my foot, only instincts. I, believe in "beings" lateral to me not superior to me. Believing in those to my side and not above will determine my fate and yours too.
One might conclude the existence or non existence of god both equally logically based on a different set of beginning assumptions. The irony here is that virtually all theists adhere to the assumption of atheism, except for a single case of special pleading. Along the lines of what fishpower said, most theists do not believe in Thor, or Zeus, or Ahuramazda, or gremlins, or invisible pink unicorns, or flying spaghetti monsters. They don't believe in glognorks, shizaris, flinders, charghats, or any other concepts that I make up on the spot. Given no good reason to believe in entity x, it is illogical to believe in entity x. Monotheists, however, pick one entity in which to believe. Unless they can explain this exception with sound logical reasoning, their belief is illogical.
Now you are the one saying religion but really meaning the Judeo-Christian tradition, because you know as well as anyone here that not all religions are absolutist.  Am I? I'm saying that all religions have an absolute-don't-mess-with-this-"truth" at their heart which is 2 parts: a) that there's a central macguffin (to adapt a movie term, a thing about which the religion revolves), the existence of which isn't to be questioned and b) that anything that the macguffin teaches is to be accepted, again without question. If a religion doesn't abide by this, it's not a religion.   And of course my point about atheists is relevant. To boil it down, you are making the assertion that being religious/spiritual makes you less likely to be a good person than if you were an atheist. I was simply saying that this isn't the case. Being an atheist in know way makes you more likely to be a "good person."  This isn't about good people vs bad people. It's about being able to question that which informs you. I don't think I said that either of the people in my example were explicitly good or bad. Neither of them have actually killed anyone. I just posited that one has option, if he chooses it, to question what makes him think about harming others.
There is no logic to atheism, or any other allusion or disillusion to religion.  I came into this world just me, no manual wrapped around my foot, only instincts. I, believe in "beings" lateral to me not superior to me. Believing in those to my side and not above will determine my fate and yours too.Eh? What's that you're saying?
Lets examine one of those statements to determine if it is truly an assumption or it is based on some other basic assumption. Use Item two that is highlighted in bold. You use the phrase "the universe as we see it". That right there implies a deeper assumption still. You are talking about perception. The assumption underlying that statement is that OUR perception is what is important regardless of the reality. If God existed before man, if he created all, if He is (simply put), then He is the basic assumption. Likewise with the non existence of God. If he is not (simply put) then everything else follows from that.  Now let's examine your examination. This is fun. :)   Remember, we're looking at assumptions that can lead one to believe in or not believe in the Christian God. So what you're saying is that your belief in God is based on the assumption that there is a God. This doesn't make sense.  You did not start your life with a belief or non belief on God. What you started with were assumptions about the nature of the universe that laid the foundation for whether you were willing to accept the idea of God. Strictly speaking, they were assumptions passed to you by your parents, but we'll ignore that for now. You assumption allowed for that which defies our understanding of nature. When you were told that there's a God, that didn't conflict with your assumption so you accepted it. That same assumption would have made plenty of room for Shiva or Zeus too, had you been raised in those environments.  I think I made an error with the "as we see it" statement. I should have just said "the universe is mostly natural...". No need to complicate things here. Perception is a whole other thread, imo. For the sake of this argument, I'll just assert that we have to be able to trust that our perception, though not perfect, is a good-enough link between reality and our brains to allow us to make and check our assumptions and not worry that we're way off the mark.   Either way you look at it, atheism nor theism are not logical processes.  On this I agree. They are not logical processes, but logical consequences of certain starting assumptions.
I see God as the assumption people start with. It is not about someone's belief. I could care less. What is real is real. What is not is not.  Isn't the assumption of God the same thing as belief in God? Is it possible for you to queston that assumption?
I see God as the assumption people start with. If you'd pay attention to my post instead of avoiding it like the plague, you'd see why this is special pleading and therefore illogical.
I see God as the assumption people start with.  Well, no one is born with knowledge of god. Therefore, at some stage, the idea of god must be presented to a person.  If, at that stage, the idea of god and the stories in the bible do not contradict their world view, then they accept those ideas and stories. This usually happens at a young age.
Well, no one is born with knowledge of god. Therefore, at some stage, the idea of god must be presented to a person.  If, at that stage, the idea of god and the stories in the bible do not contradict their world view, then they accept those ideas and stories. This usually happens at a young age. What would you make of MS's claim in post 22? http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=223286#post223286
Belief is not illogical. It is an assumption. You obviously do not understand the definitions. It has nothing to do with the process. A belief contrary to logic by any other name would be as illogical. You fail to notice that you are committing a logical fallacy.  Perhaps I should elaborate, despite my sufficient explanation above. If you insist that any view requires an assumption, then a monotheistic view requires two assumptions: That no gods/gremlins/unicorns exist, and that God exists. These are logically inconsistent and amount to special pleading.
What would you make of MS's claim in post 22?  I would assert that it is much more likely he felt something which, when the idea of god was presented to him, made the idea of god seem more natural and intuitive.  Saying he was born with the knowledge of god, just a poorly formed idea is like saying he was born with a poorly formed idea of how to format and partition a computer hard drive.
I do understand what you are saying Adept, but I don't find that to be a good analogy, and this is why: If God exists, and if God exists in all things (in other words if God is omnipresent) than it follows pretty naturally that people could feel God's presence before the "idea" of God was presented to them by others.  I should point out that just because you say you felt God before you learned of him, this is not good evidence against our arguments (belief in God came after willingness to believe in God). This is primarily because memories, especially old ones, are volatile things that are heavily tinged with our present opinions are worldviews. Even eyewitness testimony of recent events is largely regarded to be the worst kind of evidence in trial cases.   So the fact that you recall "feeling" God as a young Master_Shake isn't a reliable argument. Additionally, by the time you were old enough to start forming lasting memories, your family had no doubt already brought you into the religious fold, so you had certain expectations of how the world should be and feel.
I should also point out that Sinjin is the one who brought it up, and Adept continued with it. I was merely clearing up my thoughts on the situation in response to them. I hope you don't mind as I find your assertion remarkable.  You've now asserted that you felt something maybe because there is something to feel.
About 10% of the population are supposed to be geneticly predisposed to this sort of thing, MS probably just has this abnormal mutation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God_gene The gene is VMAT2 on chromosome 10, unfortunately it is linked with Parkinson's Disease so MS may want to check his family history.
You find it remarkable that I felt something and therefore I believe there is something to feel? That's pretty amazing. You must be astounded by everything emoticon_xangel Could be. In this case infant clairvoyance.
You find it remarkable that I felt something and therefore I believe there is something to feel? That's pretty amazing. You must be astounded by everything   If I may, I think what she feels is remarkable is that you are able to precisely attribute that feeling to the presence of God, especially at that tender age. No one would deny that you know what you yourself are feeling. What may be remarkable for some is how you know that feeling is evidence for the existence of God.
If I may, I think what she feels is remarkable is that you are able to precisely attribute that feeling to the presence of God, especially at that tender age. No one would deny that you know what you yourself are feeling. What may be remarkable for some is how you know that feeling is evidence for the existence of God.  All true except the she part.
All true except the she part.  oops. my apologies, good sir.
Logic is a process. One takes the assumptions and follows them logically. Belief is an assumption. It is neither logical nor illogical. It simply is. Logic is a process. Please understand that. This is not simply a naming convention. Words have meanings for a reason. If you want to consider it illogical, go ahead. You would simply be wrong.  Special pleading aside (and I do think electrolyte has a valid point there), don't think that your belief/assumption in God is invulnerable to logical analysis. The great thing about logic is it allows you to question the very assumptions that you start with. If I didn't know anything about the moon, I could believe/assume it's made of green cheese and is pushed across the sky by giant mice, but my assumption will be blown apart by careful observation and study. Logically, if what we know scientifically about the moon conflicts with my belief, it's that belief that we'd say is illogical. So if what we know about the universe, history and human nature tells us that there's a) no evidence for God and b) no real need to think there's one there then logically your belief in God is unfounded.
Logic is a process. I think it would be more accurate to say that logic is a set of rules; applying logic is a process.  One takes the assumptions and follows them logically. One needs to test assumptions when possible. (Haven't you ever heard of proof by contradiction?)  Belief is an assumption. It is neither logical nor illogical. Simply wrong. If I can logically prove Claim A, then I believe Not Claim A, my belief is illogical. Beliefs should be shaped by logic, not exempt from it.  Let's try this: I "assume" that I am always right. Therefore everything say will be correct. As you disagree with me, who is always right, I can conclude that you are wrong. To say that this is flawless logic would be, well, illogical.
The constitution of the moon is testable. Because of that, you cannot prove nor disprove it.  Apparently, I have no idea what you're trying to say, because you're making even less sense than before. If fishpower believes that the moon is made of green cheese, yet we test moon rocks and determine that the moon is not made of green cheese, we have disproved fishpower's belief.  All of these things can be mathematically tested and observed except a point. The existence of a point is a mathematical assumption. It's definition is that a point has zero dimensions. Not testable, not observable, base assumption. Logic cannot prove or disprove it. It is simply an assumption. A point is a location, not a thing. The location exists, and it is described based on the axes defined around it.
The problem is that you assume there is no evidence for a god.  ...yet you give me none.  The truth is that there is no direct evidence of no god either. It is not testable. It is squarely in the realm of belief.   As I'm sure has been mentioned a thousand times in this forum, I don't need to prove that there is no God. I don't even have to start with the assumption that there is no God. I merely start with the assumption that the universe is and then add what I need to in order for it to adequately explain it. As it turns out, you don't need to add a God into the mix in order for the universe to make sense. For why this is sufficient reason to conclude that there is no God, see my first post.   The constitution of the moon is testable. Because of that, you cannot prove nor disprove it. Because of that, it is simply a base assumption based on belief.  I'll ignore that this makes no sense and go with what I think you meant by it. Testing is only one of the tools we use to make logical deductions. We really don't even need to perform a test on moon rocks to dismiss my green cheese claim, given what we know about astral bodies and fermented milk. With the God claim I think we both agree you cannot prove the negative here by any kind of test. But we can use deduction and inference, both logical tools, to argue against his existence. Given there is no clinching proof for God (despite a couple thousand years of trying), non-belief in God is logical. Belief in God is illogical.
And the axes are defined by points. It all comes back to points. Points are the assumption.  This is a little beside the point (pun intended), but I don't think anyone's arguments hinge on the definition of a point here. If you look at an abtract math problem that makes use of a point, it is irrelevant to whether the point exists in a real sense, so long as it works in the logic of the problem.  On the other hand, if you're talking about the point in space that exists halfway between two people (for instance), that point does exist. It's infinitely small, but it's there. Nobody has to assume anything.
And the axes are defined by points. It all comes back to points. Points are the assumption. Are you arguing that the concept of location doesn't exist? Using fishpower's example, is it your position (ha-ha-ha) that there is no location/point exactly halfway between two people?
And the axes are defined by points. It all comes back to points. Points are the assumption.Master Shake! Axis? Or, axes?  I'm trying to visualize the cutting edge of an axe, honed to a series of points so tiny that they are each an atom of iron. Or, if it's an alloy, an atom of one of those terribly hard metals like vanadium, or whatever. Hmmm, if it's a carbide of steel, would that be a molecule? Duh, is a carbide a formation of molecules?  I only had one chemistry class and that was a long time ago.
Well either god created the universe or some fairy did or it just happened. They are all equally logical.  But not comprehensive. In fact, if we lump god and 'some fairy' together as 'a supernatural being', it's our old friend the false dichotomy. Unless of course you mean 'either it is explained by the action of a god, or it is explained in some other way'; in which case it's a tautology. Neither is an example of good logic.  On edit: as an afterthought, I'm inclined to modify my second point above. A third possibility suggests itself: 'either it is explained by the action of a god, or it is explained in some other way or it is inexplicable in any terms humans could ever understand'. We tend I think to make the assumption that somehow we are 'meant' to be able to understand the universe, and it's merely a matter of persevering until we get it right. this is a very questionable assumption.
 On edit: as an afterthought, I'm inclined to modify my second point above. A third possibility suggests itself: 'either it is explained by the action of a god, or it is explained in some other way or it is inexplicable in any terms humans could ever understand'. We tend I think to make the assumption that somehow we are 'meant' to be able to understand the universe, and it's merely a matter of persevering until we get it right. this is a very questionable assumption.  It might be a bad assumption, but i would rather make the assumption that we might be able to understand it rather than just ignore it.
This is the full sentence of which you only quote the bold portion. Not the best grammar admittedly, but I think if you look at the rest of it the point it that you cannot prove the nonexistence of something. You cannot objectively observe the things we are talking about.  I addressed the issue of proof, testing and logic in post 116 (edited this morning to clear up a misleading concept). Please read.   Here is evidence. The universe exists. It came into being from nothing. That God created it is as logical as the concept that it "just happened" Atheists jibe believers by saying things like "oh yeah, some fairy just caused people to exist in spite of all the evolutionary evidence".  Sorry to jibe you, but what you say is evidence isn't evidence. The fact that you and I are here says nothing about how we got here.   Pretend I wipe my mind clean of all knowledge about human and animal reproduction. I am here, so I must have come about somehow. Perhaps I popped into existence at the whim of that great bright thing in the sky. Or maybe I was delivered in a bag to by a long-beaked bird to those who raised me. Or I could pick any number of fanciful explanations which are grounded in nothing except my desire to have easy answers without doing the research. Or... I could actually look around, study human and animal growth and development, notice pregnant bellies and the fact that they've gone away when the mommy comes out of the hospital with her child... I don't even need to see the birth itself to form a pretty good theory of how I got here.  Now you want to say that because we can't see the birth of the universe we can't make logical inferences about how it got here (the "it just happened" explanation). Granted, it may take a fantasic volume of knowledge before we can get close to a detailed explanation, but even now we know enough about how the universe works to make one claim: we didn't need a cosmic stork to deliver us.
It might be a bad assumption, but i would rather make the assumption that we might be able to understand it rather than just ignore it.  Did I suggest otherwise? I merely propose that we should be alive to the possibility of the third option.
This is my point precisely. Some things are simply assumptions. Good or bad logic is irrelevant because it is simply not logical. It is a belief.  EF, I hate to say this, but my post was not 'your point precisely'. The starting assumption 'god exists' is not logically equivalent to the assumption that 'the observable universe exists and is complete' with no invocation of an entity called god. You persist in regarding 'no-god' as a positive assumption. It is the absence of an assumption.
I'm trying to visualize the cutting edge of an axe, honed to a series of points so tiny that they are each an atom of iron. These would still not be "points" in the mathematical sense, because each atom has dimension.
Does that mean shaped solely by logic? If so, then we have another debate. "Shaped solely" is not an accurate representation of my position. I do, however, think that beliefs should not be illogical. If you have a method more appropriate than logic, please enlighten me.  If there were not then faith (belief) would have no purpose. Faith and belief are not synonymous. If I believe that gravity acts proportionally to the square of the distance between two objects, that is not "faith."  The issue here is your assumption as stated above. This is an assumption that I do not make (provided that you mean solely shaped by logic). When a belief does not conform to logic, it is by definition illogical. It is quite another thing to say that a position cannot be analyzed by logic.  It also shows even further that logic [....] does not DETERMINE belief. Well that's quite obvious, as many beliefs are very illogical.  It shows clearly that you have an assumption and you base your arguments here on what you state above. You did not arrive at the SHOULD logically, you simply assumed it. I'll have to put this very shortly, as I am out of time: It is not an assumption; it follows from what logic is.
I seem to not be making headway here. Nor are you folks so this will be my last post. Feel free to reply as you desire.  All of the points that you bring up have been addressed and countered by myself and others here numerous times and in numerous ways. Discussions can only proceed if you answer arguments and bring up new ones instead of just saying "nah-ah" to everything that's presented.  One more time, briefly: to reach a logical conclusion, one must have starting assumptions, but logic can also be turned on those assumptions to find out if they're valid. Testing is useful, but not cruicial because inference is also a valid logical tool. If an assumption does not hold up to logical analysis, as the existence of God does not, then it is not a logical assumption.
At this point, I'm pretty much reduced to echoing myself and others...  fishpower makes the assumption, "the universe exists." EF makes the assumption, "God exists."  EF insists that these are equally logical. I merely note that EF has no universe. He has to make an additional assumption, "the universe also exists." Ockham's razor comes in really handy here.  EF's new approach is a slightly modified assumption: "God created the universe." But this is really two assumptions: "God exists," and "God created the universe" (from which follows that the universe exists.) Now EF has his universe and an extra assumption. Again, we're in need of an Ockham-style shave.  Lacking the assumption that God exists is simply that: lacking an assumption. It is not the assumption that God doesn't exist.  There is no difference between EF's two assumptions (God exists, and the universe exists) and my two parody assumptions, "Gremlins exist," and "The universe exists" (or, alternatively, "Gremlins created the universe").  Regarding applying logic to said assumptions: EF disbelieves in gremlins because certain criteria for belief are not met. However, those same criteria conclude that disbelief in God is logical. He has a logical contradiction: G  ~G. This is precisely how proof by contradiction works: If the logic behind the nonexistence of gremlins is sound, the assumption must be false. Because EF holds beliefs that are contrary to logic, his beliefs are by definition illogical.
Points = No dimensions  Ergo, an electron, I presume has a physical existence, thence dimension, an electron cannot function as a point.  Quarks, other bits of whatever, do they have a physical existence, thence dimension? Points are imaginary? They do not truly exist? Perhaps, they are irrational? Do irrational numbers exist? Pi is an irrational number but the dimensions of circles, globes are real.  Oh, woe! What is real and what is unreal?
Points = No dimensions  Ergo, an electron, I presume has a physical existence, thence dimension, an electron cannot function as a point.  Treating an electron as a point raises serious problems in electrodynamics as its field strength zooms off to infinity as you approach it. It has to be treated as 'smeared out' in space.  Quarks, other bits of whatever, do they have a physical existence, thence dimension? Points are imaginary? They do not truly exist? Perhaps, they are irrational? Do irrational numbers exist? Pi is an irrational number but the dimensions of circles, globes are real.  Oh, woe! What is real and what is unreal?  Calling pi an irrational number doesn't mean it's outside reason. 'Irrational' in this sense just means 'can't be expressed as the ratio of two natural numbers'. 1.25 is a rational number (the ratio of 5:4). The square root of two is an irrational number - a perfectly real magnitude, but there are no two natural numbers whose ratio to one another yields it.
Irrational numbers bothered some of the ancient Greek philosophers because it seemed so wrong that straightedge geometry could produce a number that couldn't be calculated, such as a square producing the square root of two.  We call the square root of -1 an "imaginary" number, but they're used by electrical engineers (usually down-to-earth types) in calculations involving three-phase current. So how imaginary is imaginary?  My beer is real. I just drank some of it...or at least my fallible senses of taste, smell, and touch apparently reported that I did...
My beer is real. I just drank some of it...or at least my fallible senses of taste, smell, and touch apparently reported that I did...Ever touched something in a dream?
Irrational numbers bothered some of the ancient Greek philosophers because it seemed so wrong that straightedge geometry could produce a number that couldn't be calculated, such as a square producing the square root of two.  Especially so since the square seemed the very cornerstone of rational geometry. To the Greek geometers it must have seemed like encountering a snake in your cornflakes.  We call the square root of -1 an "imaginary" number, but they're used by electrical engineers (usually down-to-earth types) in calculations involving three-phase current. So how imaginary is imaginary?  We owe that adjective (and the expression i) to Descartes, who intended it as ridicule. Perhaps 'unimaginable' would have been better.
Ever touched something in a dream?  Rarely, and the "feeling" is distinct from the feeling of my keyboard right now. My dreams tend toward the purely visual. Vision is probably the easiest sense to fool in a serious manner. We can fool our tastebuds without much effort, but barring the occasional poisoning nothing much happens as a result.
I've enjoyed this exchange.  It's like a lesson in practical logic. Well done by all. However, I agree that there is no progress being made at this point.   EF - I think the point has been made pretty darn clearly, I have no idea how to present it to you in a different/better manner. I understand your position, and I think the others do as well, but it's been proven wrong IMHO, rather comprehensively. It is of course your perogative as to how to deal with the info you've been given.  Waxy   The problem with 'logic' is that the result is only as good as the premise.  Garbage in , garbage out.
God and science have nothing at all to do with each other.  God is a matter of belief. Science is a matter of sorting out facts and reality, of proof.  There is no way of proving God does or does not exist. Believe what you will as your beliefs do no harm to yourself or others. Belief and faith are not the same thing as the scientific method.
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God? :)  Depends on your definition of God. If you're talking about an omnipotent, omniscient being that works in mysterious ways, you can never prove he doesn't exist. If, on the other hand, you think God is responsible for making the sun rise, and that he won't do it if the proper ceremonies aren't carried out each day, than proving that wrong is quite doable.
When I speak of God I speak of the creator absent of any earthly interpretation. :)  God the watchmaker? Even if we could explain everything that exists now as having come from natural causes there would be no way to prove that God didn't tweak things prior to the Big Bang to ensure that things could come out the way they did. At least, I know of no theories that might allow us to predict what happened before the big bang in any reasonable way.
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God? :)   No. It does have enough evidence to disprove the existance of the literal interpretation of some scripture, which is different than God.   Nor, is there any evidence to prove the existance of God either.
It's impossible to prove or disprove the existence of God  With current information, anyway. Surely if God wanted to prove his existence he could do so quite trivially.
It's impossible to prove or disprove the existence of many things; in fact an infinite number of things - Zeus, Loki, leprechauns or those gremlins that steal socks from my dryer.  Because there can never be any evidence of their existence, I put no thought or effort into wondering about their existence.  (except those theiving gremlins, I am certain they exist.)
There are other factors that can account for this: maybe He doesn't want to (assuming he's real) or maybe He has done so in the past and modern people refuse to accept earlier accounts as any sort of evidence. Certainly those accounts are there. I don't see how any of this changes that His existence can't be proven/disproven.  I think you've misunderstood me. I'm not trying to draw any conclusions from the fact the God does not seem to have decided to prove his existence. All I'm saying is that while we can't prove or disprove anything, surely God could prove his existence if he so chose.
"Even if we could explain everything that exists now as having come from natural causes there would be no way to prove that God didn't tweak things prior to the Big Bang to ensure that things could come out the way they did."  Thank you!  I'm not sure what you're thanking Kronus for (or simone in post #3). All either has done is confirm that no, you can't prove god's non-existence. I infer from your gratitude that you feel that an inability to prove its non-existence makes some kind of point in favour of its existence: if so, think again. An inability to prove the non-existence of leprechauns does not make their existence any more likely either.
true, but I would not put the general idea of the existence of a deified "Other" (God) in the same catagory as those things either, based on the fact that there are not billions of people who believe in their existence, and significant portions claiming to have experienced them, as is the case with God. That's not to use that as evidence for God's existence in and of itself, but to say that agreement on the existence of God has worldwide consensus, when the things you listed do not.  I fail to see how your "majority rules" argument is a basis for evidence of anything. Many people experience something perhaps, although we have no idea how to verify how identical these subjective experiences are, but there is no evidence that the explanation for this experience is due to an unseen god. Are we proving things by consensus now? Great numbers of people have believed all kinds of superstitious things over the years.   Lots of people think Britney Spears has talent; does that make it so?
What do you think sans any interpretation by any religious texts or popular ideas?   Your own idea of God or no God.  I do not believe in the human concept of God. It is too anthropomorphised.  In absent of any objective evidence to the contrary, I will conclude that God does not exist.
Nothing could be farther from the truth (regarding my intentions.)  I admit I'm curious what your intentions are, then. What were you thanking us for, exactly?
I do not believe in the human concept of God. It is too anthropomorphised.  In absent of any objective evidence to the contrary, I will conclude that God does not exist.Ah, God as expressed in human terms?  Do you favor a God that is totally beyond human comprehension so that there is little use in trying to comprehend what God is?  I think I might favor this line of thinking.
 Because there can never be any evidence of their existence, I put no thought or effort into wondering about their existence.   That's almost cartesian of you! I put no thought? Surely you think of God at some times don't you? Phillip K. Dick fan? Did you see A Scanner Darkly?  And did you like it?  Perhaps I said that a little too strongly. I obviously "wrote therefore I thought" about God. Like everyone, the questions like "what is existence?", "did everything have a beginning?", "what is it all about?" certainly occur to me. But the idea of any kind of supreme being behind it all seems to me as likely as Zeus and Woden and gremlins that I don't give it any more consideration than I do those others, that nearly all people in 2006 agree are myths. Religion like that, with gods and miracles and prophesies served its purpose for more primitive peoples, but surely we can consider the metaphysical and the spiritual in more mature and constructive ways today.  To speak to the title of the thread, I don't think that science disproves god, but it most assuredly disproves a whole lot in the bible.   I really know little about Philip K. Dick. Never read anything of his. Didn't see that flick, but really want to. Heard interesting things from friends. I just liked the quote. Have you seen it?
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God? :)  Lets just say that God and Santa Claus are both in a bit of a pickle.
But like it or not, consensus really does mean something in most cases--that's why it's an important part of scientific review on matters. I didn't say it was "evidence." But it does add weight, IMO. It does not. Appeal to numbers is one of the commonest argument fallacies. (well, at least on any issue other than religion apparently, since that's an issue people are prejudiced toward) This seems to be a bee in your bonnet. Religion is not being picked on here: argumentum ad numerum is a logical fallacy in any field. If a majority of Americans believe Saddam had WMDs that does not make it so; if a majority of Brits believe GM food is dangerous that does not make it so; when a majority of scientists believed in wave-bearing ether that did not make it exist. (You state that consensus is 'an important part of scientific review': in fact scientific consensus per se can never form part of the argument for accepting or rejecting a hypothesis.)
There goes Moose again with more of his wishful thinking. You've never been able to establish anything of the sort.  You can't even identify, with conclusive DNA evidence, the hominid you think is man's immediate, direct line ancestor.  And you can't prove, by drawing random scrabble tiles out of a bag, that Mary was Jesus' mother. So what?
And you can't prove, by drawing random scrabble tiles out of a bag, that Mary was Jesus' mother. So what? Right; make EZ quit the special pleading and apply the same scrutiny to his beliefs as he wants to apply to science. Let's remind him that he probably can't come up with "conclusive DNA evidence" that his own great-great-great-great-grandfather is his great-great-great-great-grandfather.
There goes Moose again with more of his wishful thinking. You've never been able to establish anything of the sort.  You can't even identify, with conclusive DNA evidence, the hominid you think is man's immediate, direct line ancestor.  Look. If you want to consider the world with the outlook of persons 2500 or so years ago, that's fine. I prefer to make use of the information that has been picked up these many centuries later. It is shocking, really, that we have adults today that believe in virgin births, abracadabra creations, animals two by two on a cruise and any number of silly tales, and we still allow that they are responsible members of society. We allow people who harbor truly lunatic ideas to vote and run for office and become parents, rather than getting them into treatment.   To challenge the veracity of the scientific claims of the bible is quite reasonable given what we now know. If you actually knew anything, the concept of "the hominid [that is] man's immediate, direct line ancestor" is meaningless. Are you referring to my father?
Right; make EZ quit the special pleading and apply the same scrutiny to his beliefs as he wants to apply to science.  I don't even want that. If he wants to base his beliefs on faith that contradicts reality he's free to, as far as I'm concerned. But he doesn't get to dictate what counts as accepatable evidence in science, and more than I should be able to dictate the process by which his faith gets defined. Insisting on genetic evidence from an extinct species makes as much sense as defining dogma via random letter selection.
You can't even identify, with conclusive DNA evidence, the hominid you think is man's immediate, direct line ancestor. EZ, for what must be at least the tenth time I have to ask: what, in your view, would constitute 'conclusive DNA evidence'?  If you cannot answer this, your question will be exposed as the rhetorical sham it is.
I don't even want that. If he wants to base his beliefs on faith that contradicts reality he's free to, as far as I'm concerned. But he doesn't get to dictate what counts as accepatable evidence in science, and more than I should be able to dictate the process by which his faith gets defined. Insisting on genetic evidence from an extinct species makes as much sense as defining dogma via random letter selection. All I meant was: if he insists that the line of questioning he's using for scientific reasoning is correct, he should have no problem applying the same line of questioning to his beliefs. We all know he won't do it, but we can at least point out his asinine special pleading.
I'm looking at it today, Moose, and see a lot of fallacies in your 150+ year old Darwinism. Jesus can help you with your suspect, anti-supernatural bias. A good number of those live in San Francisco.  I'm talking about the knuckle-dragger who long ago preceeded your modern human ancestors. Can you identify the hominid that is modern man's immediate, direct line ancestor, or not?  Glad that you have changed your debating style and have chosen to take the high road. You're a class act.  Others on this forum can speak to this better, but you asked me.  1. Species are not discrete entities. Organisms (like humans) beget other organisms and depending upon external pressure, some naturally occurring unique traits of some individuals have a survival advantage. These traits remain in the gene pool. With time enough change occurs in a population that it may be different enough to call a new species. (I don't know what the exact definition of species is these days.) This change has been gradual and it's hard to say what the "immediate ancestor" would be. As I alluded to, a distant ancestor of yours is a hominid ancestor and his descendents are "intermediate" forms until you came along. So please define what you mean by "immediate, direct line ancestor."  2. I guess you are asking what the species is that would be considered Homo sapiens sapiens closest older species. As I said, this is likely not an answerable question given the way things work. I am truly not trying to be evasive. You must word you question more precisely.  3. I really don't even know which of the Homo spp. is the closest genetically, so I couldn't answer you. Even if that is known, that doesn't preclude another intermediate species.  4. You asked the question, "You can't even identify, with conclusive DNA evidence, the hominid you think is man's immediate, direct line ancestor." Please specify what you would consider "conclusive DNA evidence."  5. In any event, what is your point? Are you seriously suggesting that is the creation story has some basis in fact?
I guess that answers it. You are unable to identify which specific hominid / species immediately preceeded modern man. Yet you basically believe there was one. With such great faith as that, how are you able to cast stones at the Biblical creation account? good answer.
I guess that answers it. You are unable to identify which specific hominid / species immediately preceeded modern man. Yet you basically believe there was one. With such great faith as that, how are you able to cast stones at the Biblical creation account?  Because of there is positive evidence that species change, and that the human race has evolved, and that there is positive evidence that the bibilical creation myth is false.
I'm talking about consensus, not argumentum ad numerum. You and I both know that consensus is an important concept in science, and a valuable part of the scientific process of accepting something. Your assertion is self-defeating. If no scientific findings were accepted until a consensus was reached, no consensus could be reached, hence no new findings could ever be accepted.  It seems you think consensus should not be allowed in religion. When billions of people agree on something, there is consensus. But even more (billions of) people have a different consensus. If consensus were to mean anything, you'd have a paradox.
I'm talking about consensus, not argumentum ad numerum. They were indistinguishable as you presented them. You argued that 2.1 billion people sharing a religious belief must 'add weight' to that belief. It does not: that claim is argumentum ad numerum.
I'm talking about consensus, not argumentum ad numerum.   How do define these two? How are they different to you?
So if the overwhelming consensus among scientists is that the earth is getting warmer, that has no bearing on your thinking whatsoever regarding global warming?  That is correct. That is because the consensus is based on hard data, and it is the hard data that matters, not on how many people believe that the earth is getting warmer.
So if the overwhelming consensus among scientists is that the earth is getting warmer, that has no bearing on your thinking whatsoever regarding global warming? The overwhelming consensus among people uniquely qualified to draw conclusions from evidence regarding global climate is indeed that the earth is getting warmer.  Why are the 2 billion Christians more qualified to draw conclusions about religion than the other 4+ billion people in the world?  Why have you not acknowledged the paradox that this 2 billion to 4 billion disparity creates for your position?  Why have you not defined consensus in a clear manner?
Because they've had the religious experience. What makes their religious experience any more important that the religious experiences of non-Christians? Why are religious experiences more meaningful than other experiences, or than a lack of (religious) experience(s)?  Frankly, they aren't just talking out of the arse. :) You may think they are because you haven't had the same experiences they have. I don't think they're making it up. Nor do I think that the every one of the billions of non-Christians are fabricating their experiences. That doesn't mean that the experiences are based in reality. Take deja vu. In several instances, I've had the feeling that I'd previously done an activity extremely similar to the one I was doing at the time of the inkling; however, upon analysis of my prior experiences, I could unquestionably rule out that I had indeed earlier experienced what I momentarily thought I was re-experiencing. Did I consciously make up the notion that I'd done that activity before? Not at all; I felt it, yet I knew that the feeling could not be representative of reality. (I'd like to note that in my "experience" (no pun intended) with deja vu, it is often a rather powerful feeling.)  Why do I need to acknowledge a "disparity"? This isn't a matter of needing a majority--1/3 is a HUGE percentage of consensus. And it's not like all of the 4 billion are atheist. It doesn't matter. 4+ billion people reject Christianity. 4+ billion people believe that Christianity is false. If "consensus" works the way you seem to think it does, that's twice as much "weight" against Christianity than for it.  Consensus is agreement on something. By everyone? By two-thirds of the people involved? By a majority? By one-third? By two people? On something? An agreement on every single individual aspect of a larger issue? On two-thirds of the aspects of a single issue? A majority of the aspects? Any one aspect? Only the larger issue regardless of aspects? I'll try it again: Why have you not defined consensus in a clear manner?
So if the overwhelming consensus among scientists is that the earth is getting warmer, that has no bearing on your thinking whatsoever regarding global warming? Quite right. As others have pointed out, only the data matter.
Some of you might want to think about breaking "christians" up. Instead of a broad category of 2 Billion, it might be better to look at some of the differences between them. Catholics have the Apocrypha in their version of the Bible. Pentacostals do not. Pentacostals "speak in tongues", believing the "the Holy Spirit" is communicating through them. Catholics think they're freakin' nutjobs for doing that. "Christians" cannot agree with each other, and so strike me as a rather insubstantial basis for an argument of this sort. Muslims come in lotsa flavors too. So do Buddhists, and Hindus. Mahayana Buddhists don't have alotta respect for Hinayana Buddhists and neither of them thinks much of Zen.  Science, at least as I define and understand it, is a set of agreed-upon parameters with which to examine the Universe we observe. The fact that Einstein's Relativity cannot be used to determine the behavior of Quantam particles show that Science, also, is fallible, and not absolute. Unless and until they come up with a Grand Unified Theory of Everything that works, Science will remain, for me, something that seems to work most of the time, but has exceptions to every known rule. Not to be nihilistic about it, but there is nothing that is proveable 100% of the time, if only because we're unable to observe things from an "all-time" perspective.   Take the 2nd law of Thermodynamics, which states that "entropy tends to increase over time." The usual example of this that's given in most textbooks is a box with a partition down the middle. In one compartment a number of marbles are confined. The other compartment is empty. "Remove the partition, and the marbles spread out into the rest of the box." This is defined as "entropy", disorder, chaos; and we're told it increases with the forward arrow of time. My problem, at least with the analogy since I'm no "scientist" or expert, is that the rules change halfway through. When the marbles are confined in one half of the box, that half of the box comprises the total awareness of Space of those marbles. When the partition is removed, a new Space is created, and so the marbles will tend to distribute themselves evenly in it. This strikes me as an increase in order, via the magnitude of the new Space versus the old one. It can only be described as disorder if one is piling marbles up in a stack, in one half of half the box. Then, eventually they'll collapse and spread about that original space, due to some outside influence (shaking of the box, etc.).  Sorry if that's off topic, but I don't think it is. For what it's worth, I don't believe/disbelieve in any god, God, gods or Gods. I don't see where the idea has any bearing on my daily life.
Some of you might want to think about breaking "christians" up. Instead of a broad category of 2 Billion, it might be better to look at some of the differences between them. Catholics have the Apocrypha in their version of the Bible. Pentacostals do not. Pentacostals "speak in tongues", believing the "the Holy Spirit" is communicating through them. Catholics think they're freakin' nutjobs for doing that. "Christians" cannot agree with each other, and so strike me as a rather insubstantial basis for an argument of this sort. Muslims come in lotsa flavors too. So do Buddhists, and Hindus. Mahayana Buddhists don't have alotta respect for Hinayana Buddhists and neither of them thinks much of Zen.  Science, at least as I define and understand it, is a set of agreed-upon parameters with which to examine the Universe we observe. The fact that Einstein's Relativity cannot be used to determine the behavior of Quantam particles show that Science, also, is fallible, and not absolute. Unless and until they come up with a Grand Unified Theory of Everything that works, Science will remain, for me, something that seems to work most of the time, but has exceptions to every known rule. Not to be nihilistic about it, but there is nothing that is proveable 100% of the time, if only because we're unable to observe things from an "all-time" perspective.    'Tis true.  Chemistry is chemisty the world over. THere are disgreements over some cutting edge topics, but none over the basics. There is no Catholic physics or Muslim astronomy or Buddhist parasitology.
Take the 2nd law of Thermodynamics, which states that "entropy tends to increase over time." The usual example of this that's given in most textbooks is a box with a partition down the middle. In one compartment a number of marbles are confined. The other compartment is empty. "Remove the partition, and the marbles spread out into the rest of the box." This is defined as "entropy", disorder, chaos; and we're told it increases with the forward arrow of time. My problem, at least with the analogy since I'm no "scientist" or expert, is that the rules change halfway through. When the marbles are confined in one half of the box, that half of the box comprises the total awareness of Space of those marbles. When the partition is removed, a new Space is created, and so the marbles will tend to distribute themselves evenly in it. This strikes me as an increase in order, via the magnitude of the new Space versus the old one. It can only be described as disorder if one is piling marbles up in a stack, in one half of half the box. Then, eventually they'll collapse and spread about that original space, due to some outside influence (shaking of the box, etc.). I think you're making a handful of small mistakes here.  First, I'd like to point out that while "disorder" can sometimes be adequate for illustrating entropy, "disorder" is too simplistic (and subject to .. well, personal opinion) to be useful in some cases.  Second, the second law of thermodynamics applies only in certain conditions. For example, it doesn't apply to systems far from thermal equilibrium, to nanoscale or microscale systems, or to open systems (although if a boundary is defined and "bookkeeping" is done, the law can be applied to open macroscopic systems).  Third, you are ignoring the empty half of the box for your initial state. It is not as if this half does not exist merely because no marbles are contained therein. If you were to take the viewpoint of the marbles, as you seem to want to be doing, then in the initial state, all the marbles have "distributed themselves evenly" and have reached a maximum entropy possible for a system with infinite potential energy boundaries (a.k.a. impermeable barriers and box walls). When you remove the middle barrier, the marbles then "redistribute themselves evenly" and have reached a maximum entropy possible for a system with infinite potential energy boundaries. In other words, if you insist on (wrongly) using only the point of view of the marbles, there is no change in entropy (save for the average altitude of the marbles being halved (which, frankly, would be an increase in entropy, not a decrease)), not a decrease in entropy.  pandion very well may throw in his two cents here, and I suspect he's more qualified than I am on this topic.
I guess that answers it. You are unable to identify which specific hominid / species immediately preceeded modern man. Yet you basically believe there was one. EZ has been proudly parading his ignorance of evolutionary processes around forum after forum for what must be five or more years by now. Nice to know some things never change.
I didn't say it was more important. But your stance seems to be that reliigous experience as claimed by religious people has NO importance. That's what I'm arguing against. It's not an issue of which is "more." Actually, that's not my stance for the purposes of this argument, although I think my deja vu example shows one good reason why we shan't be putting much weight on "religious experiences." However, I need not rely on this stance in order to satisfactorily counter your main claim, so I won't bother elaborating on it here.  True but since we can't know for sure, and people the world over are claiming it, I'd prefer to give them the benefit of the doubt, particularly since it's their business anyway. That's just me This is my main stance for the purposes of this argument: You say that we should give these people the benefit of the doubt, but you don't give the other four billion people any benefit of the doubt. That's special pleading. You're ignoring four billion people for the purposes of forwarding your "consensus" argument. If you were being honest, the "consensus" (supported by two-thirds of over six billion people) would be that Christianity is false.
Sure I give them the benefit of the doubt--I'm not at all against the other 4 billion making up their minds either their own way. Anyone seen the goalposts recently? They seem to have sprouted warp drive and left the planet. The issue is not whether people of any persuasion have the right or ability to make up their own minds, it's whether the existence of two billion Christians somehow lends support to Chrisitianity.  I just wish you would give the same benefit of the doubt to religious people. What benefit? I just told you that I don't even believe me when it comes to that sort of thing (deja vu), because when the claim is testable, it fails. That's no reason to assume that untestable claims are likely true.  It's your stance that's the intolerant one here. You're the one opposing an ideology in this discussion, not being opposed. It's religion that's on the defensive here in this discussion, not the other way around. So it's "intolerant" not to accept reasoning based on logical fallacies? I'm not attacking your religion, I'm countering the alleged logic you're using in trying to support your view, regardless of the fact that you can give no reason for giving significant weight to said experiences at all. And it's not religion on the defensive in this conversation, it's your misapplication of logic that's on the defensive here. (If you want to put "religious experiences" on the defensive, we could do that elsewhere, and the deja vu example would make a reappearance.)  My original use of the consensus arguement, I believe, was not in the context of believers versus non-believers. It was consensus of Christianity in the population of relgious people. There are still many problems with this, jyoshu. First, it is fallacious to exclude the non-religious from your consideration. This in effect is circular: "In trying to show that Christianity is a popular belief, I'll ignore huge blocks of people who do not accept Christianity." Remember above where you said that everyone can make up their own minds? Why do you get to say that people who come to a particular kind of conclusion can be excluded from consideration? Second, the body of "believers" has contrasting beliefs. Even if one billion people were non-believers and wrongfully ignored, this would leave about three billion non-Christians to two billion Christians. "Consensus" works against you here. Third, the body of "Christians" has contrasting beliefs, as Yossarian pointed out. If you're so intent on breaking down "non-Christian" beliefs, why are you not breaking down Christian beliefs? Fourth, if you were to break down all beliefs completely and tally the most common beliefs, you'd get very impotent claims, such as: "A deity or deities exist." You would end up with several conflicting competitive doctrines and no meaningful or complete doctrine. Fifth, it's still a fallacy: when the "consensus" was that the sun goes around the earth, was the sun really going around the earth?
It seems to me that if it lends support to them in their minds, that's all that matters. Yes, people are welcome to believe silly, unfounded things, and many choose to do so. For example, people can believe that the earth is flat because we'd be thrown off of it were it spherical and rotating. Whether we'd actually be thrown off of it were it spherical and rotating (based on the laws of physics) is a pertinent part of the issue but is ignored by flat-earthers. Here, these people are ignoring that the reasoning behind this "support" is fallacious.  It IS, after all, their business. From my vantage point it's you questioning their views. I'll question their views in another thread, if I must; here I'm only debunking the claim that "consensus" (as you've used but not defined it) logically lends support to any religious view.  If you don't want to believe what religious people say, don't believe it. No one is making you. Again, I believe that they believe they have experienced certain things, but I believe they are mistaken (and I have reasons to believe they are mistaken).   But don't question something that is their business--I don't see why you would want to do that. You brought up consensus as a "supporting" argument. I responded. Are you supposed to be allowed to present arguments while everyone else is forbidden to analyze them?  it's like trying to tell Amish people there's no reason to wear 19th century clothing and drive carriages. Don't you think they know that already?? Reason isn't what's behind their descisions, nor do they feel that it needs to be. That's what's going on with religion. If an Amish person comes up to me and explains a "reason" for wearing 19th century clothing and for driving carriages, and I can explain why this "reason" is comparable to the steaming piles his carriage power leaves behind, then I have every right to do so. Notice that I haven't attacked you for being religious, I've been focusing on rebutting the "consensus" argument. If you claim that reason isn't behind your religious decisions, then why did you feel the need to present an argument for them, and why are you objecting to my critique of it? If reason were indeed merely peripheral, then it seems this should be of minimal concern to you.
And therein lies the problem I have with your thinking. It presumes to know more about someone else than they do, even though they are in a better position to have seen and know the experience in question. It very much does not; it simply presumes I know perfectly well that "experiences" aren't necessarily based on reality. See also below.  The only reason you really have to claim religious experience is not real is that you haven't had one. Ultimately, there's no other basis you have to question it. It's not like only one person has had religious experience, or that it's an isolated incident--we're talking about something people all over the world have attested to. (You know, consensus) Do I need to explain the deja vu example again? Do I need to mention that people have "religious experiences" that are contradictory to other people's "religious experiences"? If religious experiences are reliable, how do you reconcile the inconsistencies in religious experiences?  (Now who's goalposts have left at warp speed??) So when I take your analogy of the Amish and continue it, my goalposts have shifted? Now I'm not even sure if you can remember more than a single post back.  I just don't see the point of rebuting something that doesn't pertain to you. So if I claim that all priests are pedophiles, then as long as you're not a priest, you're expected to shut up and let me promote that as truth?  Because in my experience religion IS a very reasonable thing. Yet your example of reasoning behind religion was not reasonable at all.  Nevertheless it does help in helping to see that religious is good for the sake of reason as well. You'll have to reword this train wreck of a sentence for me. The best I can make out is you're saying that religion serves as support for reasoning that supports religion... (You know, 2+2=5, and since 5-2=2, I must be right.)
That only means they aren't reliably consistent with each other. It says nothing to their validity. When they are contradictory, it does say something to their validity: at least one cannot be correct. How can one determine which (if any) is correct and which is/are incorrect?  Huh? I don't get the example/analogy. We aren't talking about people that would call others pedophiles. Well, I'm certainly not. Right. If I say something about priests that is untrue, and you know that my statement is untrue, yet you're not a priest, are you expected to keep your mouth shut, since you "just don't see the point of rebuting something that doesn't pertain to you"? Of course not. So enough of the "it doesn't directly concern you" bit.  Sorry, I was in a hurry at the time. What I was trying to say was that even though reason is not required for religious thought (for religious people) it is still valuable. They do realize that religious can be a very reasonable thing. I'm not denying that some reason is used, but the reason you've presented here ("consensus") is fallacious. As you acknowledge, religion often exists despite reasons not to believe a certain doctrine. When subjected to thorough instead of sporadic questioning, religious beliefs usually crumble.
Can't prove that by anything posted around here. Good point. Too much willful ignorance around here.
I can't see these "experiences" as holding any more weight than "I was abducted by aliens". If they wanted to convince me of anything they'd need something a whole lot more concrete and which doesn't sound like a night of dubious substances.
I don't see that as a contradiction at all--it just means religious experience is different for each person. IMO it's still indication that God is real. Or at least I don't see how the idea that people get a different picture than each other invalidates it. Then you don't look hard. I'll use math for a simple example. Say person A has a religious experience that two plus two is x. Say person B has a religious experience that two plus two is y. Let reality dictate that x is not equal to y. We can conclude that at least one of the experiences is false. This is basic logic. When two experiences are contradictory, at least one is necessarily wrong. First, neither person A nor person B has any basis for thinking that his or her experience is more correct than the other's. We get two factions claiming to be right when no more than one is right. More importantly, if these "religious experiences" came from a God, then God lied to (at least) one of the experiencers.  But that's just it--you don't know that it's untrue. All you know is that your experience says that it's not. Your experience says it isn't true; their's says that it is. No, basic logic tells me that at least one is untrue. Considering the sheer multitude of experiences that clash, why does any one brand of experiences get favorable treatment? Clearly, "religious experiences" aren't reliable representations of reality because so many are thrown out.
I guarantee you that if a 1/3 of the world's population started emphatically claiming they were being abducted by aliens, people would start taking those claims a lot more seriously. A flawed analogy. It is not the case that the christian 1/3 of the world population have all had an identical preternatural life-changing experience that made them christians. As others have pointed out, most adopt their religion because it is their cultural milieu: like most Muslims, Jews, Hindus etc. they merely carry on what their parents practised.  Even were the analogy closer, however, it would still fail. Sceptics have 'taken christianity's claims seriously' for centuries, in the sense that they have subjected them to rigorous critical analysis; as a result, many have come to the conclusion that those claims do not in fact stand up to close scrutiny and should be rejected. The same would happen, I suspect, if 33% of the population started claiming experience of alien abduction. The claims would stand or fall on their own merits - not on the basis of the number making them.  According to a Gallup poll done about ten years ago, about one-third of Americans do in fact believe aliens have visited Earth. Should the other two-thirds of Americans be swayed by that impressive statistic, and start to believe it too?
I think you're making a handful of small mistakes here.  First, I'd like to point out that while "disorder" can sometimes be adequate for illustrating entropy, "disorder" is too simplistic (and subject to .. well, personal opinion) to be useful in some cases.  Second, the second law of thermodynamics applies only in certain conditions. For example, it doesn't apply to systems far from thermal equilibrium, to nanoscale or microscale systems, or to open systems (although if a boundary is defined and "bookkeeping" is done, the law can be applied to open macroscopic systems).  Third, you are ignoring the empty half of the box for your initial state. It is not as if this half does not exist merely because no marbles are contained therein. If you were to take the viewpoint of the marbles, as you seem to want to be doing, then in the initial state, all the marbles have "distributed themselves evenly" and have reached a maximum entropy possible for a system with infinite potential energy boundaries (a.k.a. impermeable barriers and box walls). When you remove the middle barrier, the marbles then "redistribute themselves evenly" and have reached a maximum entropy possible for a system with infinite potential energy boundaries. In other words, if you insist on (wrongly) using only the point of view of the marbles, there is no change in entropy (save for the average altitude of the marbles being halved (which, frankly, would be an increase in entropy, not a decrease)), not a decrease in entropy.  You've tossed a lot of variables out there in order for it to "work" or "apply" in all conditions. In that case, it doesn't deserve the term "law". I like Theory better. I'm not ignoring the empty half of the box. What other viewpoint would you suggest if not the marble's? Mine? Yours? But that's subjective, and that's my point. All of science is. We observe, and come up with theories that work most, but never all, of the time.  The half of the box they're contained in is a state. As far as they're concerned, it's the only possible state. It isn't as if they know there's a barrier present, and that just on the other side is a new, equal space.  What word would you use, if you don't like disorder? And given that this "law" isn't a law anyway, but a theory, what makes my interpretation of it invalid? The barrier is not natural, it's man-made, part of the experiment. Pile the marbles up into a pyramid, then wait for it to collapse: that I would accept. Placing arbitrary barriers and then removing them doesn't prove anything. Like I said, my problem begins with the standard textbook example.  electrolyte wrote:Then you don't look hard. I'll use math for a simple example. Say person A has a religious experience that two plus two is x. Say person B has a religious experience that two plus two is y. Let reality dictate that x is not equal to y. We can conclude that at least one of the experiences is false. This is basic logic. When two experiences are contradictory, at least one is necessarily wrong.  That is true, but very misleading. Person A has the "religious" experience that tells them that God lives inside a block of Swiss Cheese underground, only venturing into daylight on Leap Year Good Friday's. Person B's experience says that God is actually a Pan-Dimensional Uber-Being from the Planet Krankorwa IV, and in our Dimension appears as a common Ficus plant. Reality has nothing to do with it. johnhanks wrote:As others have pointed out, most adopt their religion because it is their cultural milieu: like most Muslims, Jews, Hindus etc. they merely carry on what their parents practised. To which I would add that many, at least in my experience, come to "God" thru turmoil. I've never known anyone who got religious when he was happy and everything in his life was going right.  A recent Scripps poll stated that 1/3 of Americans believed that "federal officials" either "helped plan" or "knew about the 9/11 attacks beforehand" and did "nothing to stop them." In the view of some here, that makes it the idea as valid as God or Science.
You've tossed a lot of variables out there in order for it to "work" or "apply" in all conditions. In that case, it doesn't deserve the term "law". I like Theory better. I'm not making it up, and it's not confined to the second law of thermodynamics, either. The problem with calling it a theory is that it's not a set of well-supported hypotheses that describe a phenomenon.  I'm not ignoring the empty half of the box. What other viewpoint would you suggest if not the marble's? Mine? Yours? But that's subjective, and that's my point. That means you're doing it wrong. You consider the whole system. But like I said, even if you do take the marbles' point of view, you still get an increase in entropy.  The half of the box they're contained in is a state. No, it's not; "the half of the box in which they're contained" is a location. The state the marbles are in could be described as "at rest within one half of the box."  As far as they're concerned, it's the only possible state. They could be outside the box. They could be bouncing around the box. They could actually be "evenly distributed" among the entire volume of the box.  It isn't as if they know there's a barrier present, and that just on the other side is a new, equal space. Tell that to tunneling electrons.  What word would you use, if you don't like disorder? Can I use multiple words? I choose "unuseable energy."  And given that this "law" isn't a law anyway, but a theory, what makes my interpretation of it invalid? Only what I've said above. Well, perhaps more, but we'll start with that.  The barrier is not natural, it's man-made, part of the experiment. A barrier is a barrier is a barrier. The marbles are man-made and part of the experiment, too, but you're not ignoring them...  Pile the marbles up into a pyramid, then wait for it to collapse: that I would accept. Placing arbitrary barriers and then removing them doesn't prove anything. So pushing you up against a wall at the edge of the top of a cliff and pushing you in the same manner with the wall removed won't result in an increase in entropy? Again, it has more to do with final and initial states than how the final state was acheived from the initial state.  Like I said, my problem begins with the standard textbook example. Don't worry, even very intelligent people have trouble with thermodynamics.  That is true, but very misleading. I don't think it's misleading at all...  Person A has the "religious" experience that tells them that God lives inside a block of Swiss Cheese underground, only venturing into daylight on Leap Year Good Friday's. Person B's experience says that God is actually a Pan-Dimensional Uber-Being from the Planet Krankorwa IV, and in our Dimension appears as a common Ficus plant. Reality has nothing to do with it. I said at least one is wrong, not only one is wrong. emoticon_xgood
Well you pretty much proved that only ONE can be shown to be untrue. Time for a basic arithmetic review. When x experiences are contradictory, then x-1 experiences must be untrue. It is perfectly possible, as Yossarian pointed out, that all x experiences are untrue.  I'd also point out that religious experience being different is not noecessarily the same as being contradictory. I agree, but are you saying that no experiences are contradictory?  You're stance on this presupposes that God wouldn't allow multiple ways of religious experience. No it doesn't; it presupposes God isn't a liar.  Please explain how logic renders the religious experiences of others untrue. Not of others. It renders no more than one of multiple contradictory stories untrue. (Law of excluded middle.) From the information of the experiences alone, one cannot tell which one if any is true.  The only thing you're pointing to here is the fact not all the experiences are the same. That doesn't prove they are untrue at all. Nope, I'm not talking about mere differences, I'm talking about contradiction and mutual exclusivity.
I'm sorry, but ( to use an example) if you think it doesn't matter that many scientists the world over believe global warming is real as opposed to ten scientists believing it's real, you're out of your mind. No, it doesn't, by itself, prove anything though--you are correct on that. But it matters. You've still yet to explain why all six billion people are as specially qualified to interpret religious experiences as climatologists are to interpret climatic data.
The very fact you're bringing that up shows it's taken more seriously due to the percentage making the claim than it would be otherwise. Again you keep trying to pretend I'm arguing that consensus = proof, and that's not what I was getting at. I'm saying consensus matters, and it does. It does add weight. I'm sorry, but ( to use an example) if you think it doesn't matter that many scientists the world over believe global warming is real as opposed to ten scientists believing it's real, you're out of your mind. No, it doesn't, by itself, prove anything though--you are correct on that. But it matters. I will firstly observe that you have chosen to ignore the substantive part of my post, and to reply only to the add-on at the end about American belief in ET visitations. That in itself is informative. As to your bolded [by me] aspersion on my mental faculties, it remains true that ten million scientists believing something on the basis of suspect data would be over-ruled by ten scientists believing the contrary on the basis of valid data. (As it happens, of course, data supporting the reality of global warming are overwhelming.)
Sorry, electrolyte, that I'm just not very intelligent. Forgive me for questioning the holy laws of physics. I guess after all I am a nihilist, or at the least pseudo-Buddhist. This...The problem with calling it a theory is that it's not a set of well-supported hypotheses that describe a phenomenon....I don't believe is true. Seems as if that's exactly what it is since you yourself admitted it doesn't apply under all conditions, and especially since "all" is a very big term that could never be proven anyway. That was my whole point, unintelligent as it was, that Science in general is simply a set of hypotheses based on observations that can't ever be proven true in "all" circumstances. Maybe I'm being to metaphysical, maybe I've bounded off into the realm of fantasy but I can't help it. To me, this whole freakin' world is a fantasy. Just when you think you understand it something else comes along and forces you to rethink things. We can talk about that box of marbles all day long and you're never gonna convince me that the idea of entropy increasing is a universal truth. It's in the eye of the beholder. IMO the barrier in that box represents a flaw in the experiment. You can correct my grammar and syntax, too, if it makes ya feel better. It's my fault, since at times I type so fast I don't pay enough attention to exactly how I'm wording things. So this...No, it's not; "the half of the box in which they're contained" is a location. The state the marbles are in could be described as "at rest within one half of the box."...would've been the correct description; but was likely unecessary as I get the idea you understood what I meant. Thanx for correcting it tho. You can't tell tunnelling electrons a thing, since they have no ears that we can see, and are moving so fast we'd prob'ly sound like turtles on quaaludes to 'em. But if your idea was to compare them to marbles sitting in a box it sounds just silly. Marbles can't move of their own volition. I don't think that was your idea, but who knows?  For what it's worth, I think the example you used to was misleading, since it was in response to this comment...I don't see that as a contradiction at all--it just means religious experience is different for each person. IMO it's still indication that God is real. Or at least I don't see how the idea that people get a different picture than each other invalidates it....by jyoshu. It seemed as if (and forgive, j, if I'm putting words in your mouth; or text under your hand :P ) he was saying that you can't discredit the existence of God, or the possibility that a particular religion has validity compared to "science", just because they don't all agree with each other. But since a religious person isn't ever going to be convinced that any form of science has precedence over God, or that God had nothing to do with setting it all up; and since no atheist will ever be convinced that a Supreme Dude floating on a cloud put him on earth for some obscure reasons of his own, the whole thing is rather pointless. I read your posts here and I think you're very condescending and patronizing, but that's just my opinion. You're probably a very nice guy, but you're coming off in print just a wee bit pompous. I'm probably only saying that cuz I don't want any more arithmetic lessons, lol. I do enough math every day, thnx. I don't wanna do it in the evening too. emoticon_xhoho  You've still yet to explain why all six billion people are as specially qualified to interpret religious experiences as climatologists are to interpret climatic data....to jyoshu. Here's the explanation: Each and every individual on this planet is uniquely qualified to interpret his/her religious experience, bar none. No one is qualifed to interpret another's religious experience validity. God can and maybe should be capable of every- and anything. That's what makes It God. God can lie. It's God, who's gonna stop It?  So again, sorry if I'm coming off pompous, arrogant, condescending or patronizing. I think I'm gonna leave the room, cuz this conversation's not gonna go anwyhere once we start comparing religion and science and debating the validity of each one, or how much weight their respective followers grant the truth of their ideas. I'm gonna go get a drink and some fresh air.  Good luck, tho, to all. :)
Forgive me for questioning the holy laws of physics. By all means, ask questions. That's how science progresses. But the questions can't be based on falsehoods or demonstrably mistaken logic.  This... ...I don't believe is true. That's just the standard definition of theory. Perhaps you should try to familiarize yourself with the concepts of hypothesis, theory, and law.  We can talk about that box of marbles all day long and you're never gonna convince me that the idea of entropy increasing is a universal truth. It's in the eye of the beholder. Don't worry, I'll chalk up at least part of this to the hard-to-understand nature of thermodynamics. However, I insist that before you overthink the details, try to wrap your brain around the concept of entropy without relying on "disorder"; having an objective definition removes the "eye of the beholder" problem.  IMO the barrier in that box represents a flaw in the experiment. Why? Why is the barrier any different than the walls of the remainder of the box? What is wrong with any of these boundaries?  So this... ...would've been the correct description; but was likely unecessary as I get the idea you understood what I meant. Thanx for correcting it tho. Sorry, you have to remember that thermo is a tough subject, so mistakes are common. It was my impression that you were mistaken about what a "state" is, not that you misspoke.  You can't tell tunnelling electrons a thing, since they have no ears that we can see... Well, gee, if you're talking about marbles knowing or not knowing about empty space...  But if your idea was to compare them to marbles sitting in a box it sounds just silly. My idea was to dispel the validity of your "matter (here, in the form of marbles) doesn't 'know'" line of argumentation.  ... you can't discredit the existence of God, or the possibility that a particular religion has validity compared to "science", just because they don't all agree with each other. With that information, you're right: I can't "discredit the existence of God," but I'm not trying to. I'm simply pointing out that mutually exclusive experiences cannot all be caused by a God that isn't a trickster God. This is logic, not science.  I read your posts here and I think you're very condescending and patronizing, but that's just my opinion. And you're welcome to your opinion, regardless of how correct you might be.  You're probably a very nice guy, but you're coming off in print just a wee bit pompous. I actually am a very nice guy, but being wishy-washy about someone else's errors isn't as effective as shredding them with no mercy. Sometimes I'm having fun roasting someone who's incredibly wrong, and sometimes I'm trying to teach anyone who will listen. Every now and again, I get both, but I wouldn't consider my last post to you a roasting. Nor would I consider this one such.  No one is qualifed to interpret another's religious experience validity. .... God can lie. It's God, who's gonna stop It? Baloney. Logic is universal; even should I not be entitled to interpret another's religious experience, I can analyze his or her interpretations. If Alice says that God told her to kill Bob, and Bob says that God told him that nobody should ever kill, how are we to know which person is correct? We have no objective basis for comparison. Every contradictory experience leads to another version of God, such that there are surely hundreds if not thousands or more Gods sending messages... That is, unless experiencers of all but one version are simply mistaken. But then, how are we to know which version is the special version that is representative of reality? Sure, we can't figure which one (if any), but that means that all the others are XXXX. That means that jyoshu's original argument of "consensus" goes out the window. Your only resolution is that God lies (1 Kings 22:23 (also 2 Chron. 18:22), Jer 20:7, 2 Thess. 2:11). Fine, let that be your personal resolution. Most believers feel that God either cannot or does not lie (Num 23:19, Titus 1:1-2). If God lies, once again we are left with no reason to believe any one version of experiences. You see, Yossarian, my points to jyoshu refute his assertion that "consensus" leads us to the conclusion that God exists; they in themselves do not explicitly turn his argument into an argument against the existence of God.
Yeah, religion is a mental disorder.
electrolyte wrote:  However, I insist that before you overthink the details, try to wrap your brain around the concept of entropy without relying on "disorder"; having an objective definition removes the "eye of the beholder" problem.  In your mind is entropy universal (is the universe "winding down")? Why or why not? What does this have to do with the definition of entropy?  The evidence seems to be that all "real" (i.e. non-quantum) interactions result in a net increase in entropy, so it would seem that the universe's level of entropy is increasing. However, as far as I know, we have no verification that the universe as a whole is either a closed system or appropriately close to thermal equilibrium. I can imagine a scenario in which entropy will asymptotically tend toward a maximum yet never reach a maximium. [ex: &#931;(1/2^n)] I have also seen speculation that this tendency could reverse should the universe begin contracting. It is an interesting thought.
That's the way I see it too. Which would tend to mean the universe had a "beginning." Otherwise, total entropy would have already occurred, if the universe were infinitely old. Even were I to analyze and eventually agree with your argument, all it would show is that the universe had a beginning, which really isn't very disputed. Most scientists think the universe is about 14.7 billion years old.  Theoretically, the universe as a whole should be considered a closed system, unless there's some evidence that new matter / energy is being pumped into it from somewhere else. Absolutely correct. In hindsight, I realize that my previous post appeared to include that claim as a counterargument when it was meant more as a technical note.
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God? :)  I think perhaps you're confused.  1. I know of no meaningful definion of the term "god' as it pertains to reality.  2. When you mention science and history, that implies you are interested in reality.  3. There is no evidence to support mythological deities, god or God or Odin or the easter bunny.  * So, yes THERE IS NO EVIDENCE of the existence of any mytholgoical gods. ** Yes, there is no evidence that the universe was created, or if that statement even has meaning if the universe always was, and always will be.  p.s. There is easter bunny.  -Mach
Contradictions only mean one thing: that there are contradictions. It doesn't show there is no God, and it doesn't devalue or make the religious experiences of billions of people any less valid. As I said, it doesn't explicitly show that there is no God. But it most certainly devalues religious experiences as reliable representations of reality, unless we institute qualifiers that most experiencers deny (e.g. a trickster God). It's bad enough when stories are inconsistent, but when they are absolutely contrary, why is it any more reasonable to believe that the stories were placed by some supernatural entity rather than by imagination or interesting neurochemistry? (You have yet to satisfactorily respond to my deja vu observation.)  The biggest problem I have with skeptics who use things like the idea that God lies or that he allows contradictions in His Bible or in religious experiences among people is that it tries to make God into the image they think he should be from their moral standpoint. Fine, if you'd like to believe that God lies to people all the time, be my guest. Why worship a liar? More importantly, why trust what an admittedly lying God tells you? Why insist that God chose to tell you the truth and lie to others? It is interesting to note that here we get the opposite of the typical fundie claim, because jyoshu is not a fundie. He's saying that skeptics have rational morality systems. Thanks jyoshu.  If there is an all-powerful and all-knowing entity that is God, then the moral standards we are under do not necessarily apply to it. It's not that God is bad or hypocritical that he does things he might tell people not to do; it's that he is above and not beholden to any standards of morality at all. Maybe you'd like to take me up on the thread that marc abandoned? You justify God's misbehavior by decreeing Him to be exempt from misbehavior? How in the hell do you rationalize that? If someone says not to kill and kills, that is the epitome of hypocrisy, and no redefinition of morality will change that. If God decides that it's morally correct to kill a person for, say, working on a Sunday, should you? (Oh wait, He already did.) If God decides to kill people because someone did what God told him to do (David taking the census), that's okay too? If God tells you to kill me, it's okay to kill me? If God says it's okay to kill for fun, it's really okay to kill anyone?
I'm glad someone here understood my point!    Contradictions only mean one thing: that there are contradictions. It doesn't show there is no God, and it doesn't devalue or make the religious experiences of billions of people any less valid. (And again, differences and contradictions are not the same thing.) The biggest problem I have with skeptics who use things like the idea that God lies or that he allows contradictions in His Bible or in religious experiences among people is that it tries to make God into the image they think he should be from their moral standpoint. If there is an all-powerful and all-knowing entity that is God, then the moral standards we are under do not necessarily apply to it. It's not that God is bad or hypocritical that he does things he might tell people not to do; it's that he is above and not beholden to any standards of morality at all. The closest analogy there is that I know of to that phenomenon is the way parents have their children bound to rules that they themselves don't have to abide by. Not a perfect analogy, but the best I can come up with for it. That God placed different experiences with people doesn't prove those experiences aren't real, it only says that they are different. Big deal.  What the contradictions DO show is that the different writers had different viewpoints and theologies, and therefore were not getting their beliefs via an infallible pipeline to "GOD". That fallsifies certain of the fundamentalist claims.
Contradictions only mean one thing: that there are contradictions. It doesn't show there is no God, and it doesn't devalue or make the religious experiences of billions of people any less valid.  On the other hand, the fact that everyone on the planet is susceptible to certain optical illusions does not make those phenomena real, or imbue our misperception with validity. Rather, it demonstrates an interesting discrepancy between perception and reality, which can itself be scientifically investigated.   Or consider our once-universal belief that illnesses were the result of 'evil spirits'. All the microscopes in the world can't prove that spirits don't exist, but through them we have observed far better candidates for the cause of our ailments. Any informed individual who persists in clinging to the wholly unnecessary contrivance of evil spirits to explain disease is rightly regarded as an idiot.  Similarly, religion's prevalence in a world which, whenever it is tested, behaves just as you would expect a world with no deity to behave, can be interpreted in two ways. Either there really is a god, telling different groups of people to behave in different ways and cleverly misleading our most penetrating scientific investigations for reasons we cannot presently fathom, or we all have something in common which can plausibly and reliably give rise to deism and religion, even if individual faiths superficially differ.  So, do we? Well, yes, we do. To put it crudely, all you need to start a religion is a whole bunch of scared, ignorant people and one guy pretending he isn't, both of which the history of humanity has suffered in abundance. Or if you prefer a value-neutral description, there are a number of demonstrable, success-selected traits within human nature which - together with our conscious ability to perceive and exploit those traits - make human society fertile soil for persistent superstition.  None of these facts prove god doesn't exist, but they are the bacteria that science's microscope exposes to the unprejudiced eye.  As a footnote, it's worth observing that as science has improved our ability to model reality, so the nature of god has evolved to accommodate it. Once upon a time gods were people or entities you could meet, and who had a direct and tangible effect on our day-to-day lives. The gods who survive today cling to the possibility of existence in the vaporous, fatuous realm of the merely undisprovable, alongside the Flying Spaghetti Monster and the sentient aubergine at the centre of the earth, long may his purple majesty endure.
It seems that skeptics want there to be a God that gives people freedom, but then they criticize Him for letting people pick or misunderstand the wrong paths.  Again you're interpreting it from a fundamentally deist perspective. We're not saying god's wrong or inconsistent; we're saying he doesn't exist and you're wrong.  Your criticisms mean nothing because He is God and there is nothing you can do about that. Do you really think it damages or reduces God in some way for you to pass moral judgement on it? Do you really think He's any less because you don't believe in him or choose not to follow Him?  You're sort of missing the whole point of not believing in something. I don't think god is damaged by me passing moral judgement upon him, mostly because he doesn't exist but also because that's not what I'm doing. I'm passing moral judgement on your acceptance of the kind of god you describe.   There's a monstrous inconsistency at the heart of your arguments here, jyoshu. On the one hand you defend your branch of christianity as a selective, moderate interpretation of the bible, taking only the good and consistent from its teachings and eschewing the rest. That is the root of its virtue. Yet you immediately turn upon electrolyte and demand who he is to question the morality of god! God makes the rules, according to you; his morality supercedes ours. On what basis, then, have you chosen to reinterpret his holy word?  Do you really think the god of the fundamentalists is damaged or reduced in some way by you passing moral judgement on it? Do you really think he's any less because you don't believe in him or choose not to follow him? And this time it's not a silly question, because you're not an unbeliever.
I guess that answers it. You are unable to identify which specific hominid / species immediately preceeded modern man. Yet you basically believe there was one. With such great faith as that, how are you able to cast stones at the Biblical creation account?      Belief in the biblical creation account comes with a set of rules and regulations on how you and everyone else around you should be living their lives. Also believing in the biblical account stops the thought process and halts the ability to learn. You and those who share your beliefs are not condemned by those who think differently, unless of course you go out of your way to tell them that they are condemned for not thinking like you. Which is quite common. Praise Jesus and let those who choose to think differently alone.
Differences in understanding that are not because God has failed or lied, but because people (who have the autonomy of freedom of choice) have failed in accepting or seeking out the correct message. But this results in any experience being "evidence" for the existence of God. If I inexplicably get a strong inkling that there's no God, your logic writes it off as God trying to tell me something and that I'm just misinterpreting it. So I'll come back to one of my original questions: Why are "religious" experiences any more meaningful that any other experiences? Your explanation for this is unfalsifiable ad hoccery. From your above response, I'm now contemplating whether your argument is circular. You attribute these experiences, whatever they might be, to fallible human-influenced interpretation of influences ultimately caused by God. Then you say that these experiences prove God's existence. How can you justify either of these propositions?  It seems that skeptics want there to be a God that gives people freedom, but then they criticize Him for letting people pick or misunderstand the wrong paths. Well, I can't speak for all skeptics, but the only thing I want is to know the truth. But your statement is contradictory anyway: why would an atheist "want" God to have certain characteristics? The atheist doesn't believe in God at all!  The same way a parent sometimes does things that his/her kids don't understand and don't get to do. This isn't analogous, because no parent claims to be exempt from all misbehavior. Your scenario relieves God of any standards whatsoever.  If I choose to shoot a rabid dog instead of letting someone else do it, it would be because I'm a better shot, or because I'm less likely to be injured by the gun, or somesuch. However, this is beside the point; the issue is whether it is morally right to shoot the rabid dog. If it's morally right for me to shoot a rabid dog, then it's morally right for someone else to shoot the rabid dog. It's not as if I'm saying it's morally right for me to kill someone without cause but it's not morally right for you to do the same.  You view it as misbehavior because it looks that way from your vantage point--a VERY limited one compared to an omniscient God. This is just a rewording of the "God works in mysterious ways" argument. It's absolutely unfounded and completely unfalsifiable (by design, mind you).
Optical illusions CAN be proven as unreal, measuring light, showing differences, similiarities, etc. Religious experience can't.  Only to you it can't, because of the god-wall in your head. We demonstrate illusion and misperception by measuring reality and allowing what we discover to overrule our subjective perception. We allow the possibility that our senses are decieving us. The same kind of research can and has been carried out in the religious domain.  Well that's your smugly (and slightly offensive) scientific opinion. On the other hand, billions of people believe in the effectiveness of prayer in helping ailments, so perhaps by your standards there are a lot more "XXXXXX" in the world than you realize.  I apologise profoundly for making such a thoughtless statement. I was using the 'idiot believing in evil spirits' example to illustrate how thoroughly some once-universal beliefs have been debunked without ever actually proving them untrue. People back then were not XXXXXX for believing in evil spirits; such ideas made sense in a world without microscopes. Similarly I would not today describe someone as an idiot for being religious - but that does not mean there will never come a day when the last few adherents deserve to be.  Since you bring it up, the 'effectiveness of prayer' example is particularly apt. Everyone 'knows' it works, based on anecdote and doctrine, yet its power mysteriously melts away when measured. The largest, best-controlled and best-funded study, supported by the pro-religion Templeton foundation, found that prayer had no statistical effect if the recipient was unaware of it, and actually made matters worse if they knew (possibly because of anxiety caused by thinking they needed praying for).  Were we discussing the effectiveness of a drug treatment, or a surgical operation, you would not hesitate to accept the results of such a study. Yet because this is prayer, you will apply some evasive reasoning to explain why your beliefs are still right, ignoring the fact you would be trumpeting that same study from the rooftops if it had supported your position.  in dealing with this premise, you have no way of knowing if the world behaves the same way with or without a deity, because you don't even know whether there is a deity or not.  Nevertheless, the world as it appears to operate does not require a sentient, omnipotent overmind, and nor does any appeal to any deity appear to have the slightest effect on it. You can redefine god to make the universe require one if you like, but a god of quarks and quanta and relativity and physical constants does not imply a god of salvation and redemption and concern for human affairs, and it is that kind of god for which there is no evidence or requirement in the operation of the universe.  My premise is solid: you believe in a sentient god interested in the affairs of man, for which there is not the slightest evidence in the day-to-day operation of reality. Would you care to address the rest of my point now?  all I can say to the tactic is that you are dealing with things that people hold deeply sacred and dear. <snip< That's what frustrates me the most by your movement--it simply tends to be, well, mean. Not in it's content and points, but in the way those points are made because it makes light of and makes fun of things that people take very dearly.  I agree I don't always get the tone exactly right. I'll try to do better :)  Wow, you've really missed the point here. The point isn't that the 'god of the fundamentalists' is immoral--the point is that it's innaccurate. It's out of the mainstream of Christianity in terms of interpretation.  It isn't me missing the point. And I think if you do a headcount you'll find that the 'mainstream' interpretation of the bible is that it's just an old book. Remember to include everyone.  You're happy to tell me, as a non-christian, that my opinion of god - my judgement of his behaviour and teachings - doesn't impact on the 'reality' of him, but when I observe that your own faith is also based upon your opinion of what the 'right' interpretation of the bible should be, that's somehow different. Thus I ask again:   Do you think your belief that you are interpreting the bible correctly makes that interpretation more likely to be correct than the fundamentalist one?  And if so, why? I firmly believe my interpretation of the bible is correct. EZ does the same. How shall we compare 'firmness'? Because I should warn you: I have weight of numbers.
I hesitate to go here again, but this is intriguing.    But prayer is nothing more than asking God to intervene. It is NOT the prayer itself that does the healing. If there are 100 people, and 1 person out of that group is affected by prayer and the other 99 are not, then prayer has worked because there is more healing than has taken place than would be otherwise.   How can you possibly know this? How do you know if anyone has been affected by prayer?  "there is more healing than has taken place than would be otherwise" How can you know that?    In other words, even healing, to ANY degree by prayer, means that it has been effective.   Are you assuming any healing that takes place in a person who was prayed for is due to the prayer? How do you know that healing did not take place in spite of the prayer?    So if person A is prayed for but doesn't get better, and person B is prayed for and does, then we might as well assume that prayer works even though person A didn't get better.   I truly am not trying to be insulting, and I really want to understand this, but this is mind-boggling to me.  Are you saying: If you pray the same for two people and only one gets better we conclude 1. The person who got better did so because of prayer and prayer works 2. The person who didn't get better prayer just didn't happen to work this time, but still conclude that prayer works.  Can you at least see from a point of view of someone who has never heard of prayer that this is ludicrous? Can you see why this line of "thinking" is criticized? I am struggling to see any way that anyone, even a devout person who believes in God, could come to this conclusion.   Prayer is something that is hoped will work to ANY degree, so if 1 out of 99 get better in a test after being prayed for, then prayer has worked.   You are asserting that "prayer has worked"? Not prayer might have worked or I like to believe that prayer worked even if it doesn't make any sense.  You see how it is impossible to view this from a stance of reason without calling that assertion quite simply illogical and unreasonable?
Or rejecting it. This wholly ignores my point. Any experience then qualifies as "evidence" for God. I find a dollar bill on the ground: God silently directed me to find it. I'm hungry: God's sending me a message that I should eat. I stub my toe: God loves me. I think God's telling me that there is no God: God is hungry and has stubbed His toe picking up a dollar bill on His way to the refrigerator.... Again, you've built your case to be unfalsifiable: x was (believed to be, mistaken or not,) experienced, therefore God exists.  If, as you insist, "religious experiences" are often misinterpreted, why should we assume that they're related to religion at all? Why can we conclude that my hunger means that God wants me to eat? In fact, why don't we assume that that eerie feeling I got at church wasn't my brain remembering that time I stubbed my toe? If humans' interpretation of these inklings is so lousy, how can you justify explaining them by using rose-tinted glasses?  Again, the only thing we have to go on regarding this is that the people who have them claim them to be more meaningful. And this could mean any number of things, many of which are more logical than believing in a supernatural idea-implanter. Natural human overemphasis due to rarity comes quickly to mind. Logical extension of preexisting indoctrination is a close second.  If that alone is not enough regarding their experiences in your thinking, then there's nothing more I can show you on the matter. I'm not surprised.  ... I tend to lean toward giving people the benefit of the doubt, myself. That's your prerogative, but you'll notice that your reasoning is based on that which you assume: that "religious experiences" exist and are personal.  I don't find the need to see people prove their religious experiences beyond what they tell me, simply because it really can't be proven or disproven either way. Perhaps not prove or disprove, but I can toss in a monkey wrench that you will find terribly hard to explain. Neuroscientists have found that stimulation of a certain region of the brain induces the subject to undergo what the subject describes as a religious experience. I don't have a source handy, but I know it was mentioned on this forum, if you'd like me to locate it. Does God watch these experimenters and decide to work his mojo at the precise times that they stimulate the brain, then stop upon their cessation? That is the necessary logical consequence of your position.  See, the bottom-line problem I have with your view on this is that, ultimately, it's you trying to tell people that you know better about their experiences than they themselves do, even though you've never had the experience. It could be that, or it could be that I'm better at interpreting "experiences" than they are. After all, you say most are lousy at it... Or I could just whip out the deja vu thing that you seem to keep avoiding, then -- depending on your response -- say the same thing. But seriously, I'm telling people no such thing. Instead, I'm saying that there is no logical reason to believe that God is the source of these experiences, for reasons explained at length above. I don't have to know a thing about their actual experiences.   That's the 800 lb elephant here. If God didn't allow for people the freedom to reject a message, or to not follow it to its conclusions, then it would just be like humanity running a step-by-step computer program. Irrelevant to this particular conversation; your point here is consistent with your previous points but does nothing to further your position. It does raise other curious questions, however, such as: Why does God send messages that He knows will be misinterpreted? Why not send different messages that He knows will be misinterpreted in a way that results in the correct interpretation? If God doesn't want program-running humanity, why does He provide programs? Worse, why does He provide programs that He knows will not work properly? If you would like to address these questions, feel free, but I suggest doig so in another thread. (Not that I can make you do so or would even loudly object if you did otherwise.) They're included here just as examples of things you'd need to resolve in order to maintain the consistency of your position.  Your response avoids the heart of what I said. Not at all. If we can attribute any trait to God and show that that trait results in contradiction, we have shown that there cannot be a God who has that trait. It does not show that absolutely no God exists. However, logical arguments deny God so many of the basic claims of Christianity; if the "God of Christianity" has traits a, b, c, etc., and we show that no God can have trait a (or, say, no God can have both trait a and trait c), then we've ruled out the existence of the "God of Christianity." If you want to change the traits your God possesses in order to resolve the logical inconsistencies, feel free, but you'll end up with an awfully impotent God.  No, it may NOT be morally right for someone else (your KIDS) to shoot the dog, because they may not have the maturity to safely handle the firearm. Whether it is safe for "my KIDS" to handle a firearm is not a question of morality. Do not confuse questions of safety or wisdom with questions of morality. The question is whether shooting the rabid dog is moral. It is completely independent of the shooter.  I'm simply showing you WHY religious people hold to this view of God that He is not necessarily bound by the moral standards He sets for humanity. I hope that was the extent of your intent, because you certainly haven't shown it to be logical to hold to this view of God... The "God works in mysterious ways" argument is, of course, unfalsifiable.
See, just because one form of external stimulation is taking place (the experimenters) doesn't mean other forms of stimulation (drug hallucinations, supernatural visions from God) don't also take place. This is not what I'm arguing. You are claiming that all religious experiences are caused by God. I have given an example of "religious experiences" being caused by humans that subjects can't tell apart from "the real thing." Unless you posit that God worked in tandem with the experimenters as a resolution, why are we to assume that God is responsible for every experience? Any number of things could stimulate the brain, from drugs to food to existing neurochemistry. Realizing that there are chemical mechanisms for the effects of drugs in no way denies that drugs have effects. People can hallucinate without drugs, but we don't deny that some drugs cause hallucinations. Or take my deja vu example: Does the feeling of deja vu show that I can't experience anything twice? Does my experiencing anything twice show that I must not experience deja vu? Why is this different than the God/experience relationship? Because we have scientific evidence for the effect of drugs, and because we can compare our past actions with our feeling of deja vu. You have no evidence that God causes even some experiences, let alone all of them, so why can you argue that God causes all of them?  I'm sorry, but I just haven't seen you do this. a = God has absolute foreknowledge of events b = God gives us free will There's a discussion essentially like this one going on right now...  All you've done is take examples of "good" and say they are inconsistent with examples of "evil" that you also read in the scriptures, but there are so many problems with that method on your part that it loses it's teeth and doesn't even work. Contradiction is damning. You're defining God as being immune to contradiction, and your rationale for doing so is flawed. See below.  Of course it is! You've gone off your rocker here, jyoshu. If the question is whether it is moral for my kids instead of me to shoot the dog, then the dog has nothing to do with it. The question would become whether it is moral for my kids to shoot a gun, be it at a firing range or a charging bear.  Because it would be immoral for you to let them take that action if they can't handle a firearm--they might hurt themselves! This is a completely separate issue, namely whether it is moral to subject people to danger. In this case, it has nothing at all to do with the gun, or even the dog, does it?  But the point is that God . . . er, the parent doesn't let the kid shoot the dog but does so himself is because he/she has good reasons for doing so that the kids don't understand. Then the parent has done a lousy job of instilling his or her kids with common sense. The parent apparently has also done a lousy job of explaining that the kid is not allowed to shoot the dog for safety reasons, not because it's morally wrong to kill the dog.
Well, if a given experience wasn't caused by God, then it's not truly a religious experience, now is it? And finally you have acknowledged the problem. You have defined "religious experience" as an experience caused by God. In other words, you're saying that those experiences caused by God are experiences caused by God, and those that aren't caused by God aren't caused by God. Yet you have no criterion for determining which experiences were caused by God and which were caused by other factors. See also below.  But if someone claims to have had a religious experience, and no other cause can be found, then I see no problem with giving them the benefit of the doubt. This is the classic fallacy of argument from ignorance. We don't know, therefore Goddidit. There is a logical problem with this, even if you don't see it.  But I don't see any way to make any sort of sweeping conclusive judgement that all religious experience all over the world in every case is invalid. 'Twasn't my argument. You can't show that a single "religious experience" is valid. If I can't show that gremlins exist, and you can't show that gremlins don't exist, should I believe in gremlins? Even if there was a "consensus" about gremlins existing, shall we conclude that gremlins exist?  But you aren't taking into account human perceptions. I don't have to; strictly by basic principles of logic your argument is flawed.  You aren't taking into account what I've been telling you now for several posts that what we see as a contradiction there may be a good reason for from God's perspective. (the God-looks-evil-sometimes-argument).  No, I recognize fully well that this is your argument. My point is that the universality of this argument is its downfall: you can claim that any and every action that God takes is justified, even were it bad. Presume there were some action x that would be wrong (by His standards) for God to perform. If God did perform action x, your justification would still hold that God's action was not wrong. Your justification is therefore an unreliable assessment of whether God's actions are right or wrong.  But it IS morally wrong for the KID to kill the dog. Sigh. Never mind. This is getting no where because you're now quibbling over details in the analogy. No, this is getting nowhere because you refuse to recognize the difference between shooting a dog and endangering a child.  ... and so I think you probably understand my point here completely, and are at this point just being beligerent. No, you are viewing things using only a single factor: absolute morality/immorality. You are ignoring why the action is moral or immoral. Let's use another scenario to expose the flaw: Say a six-year old has been taught how to recognize a dangerous, rabid dog. He has not been trained to use a gun properly. He sees a dangerous, rabid dog while his parents are not around. He grabs a gun and shoots the dog, killing it. Was the boy's action immoral? No, the boy's action, however dangerous, was not immoral.  Is an experienced marskman shooting a harmless, healthy dog immoral? (Yes.) Is an experienced marskman shooting a dangerous dog immoral? (No.)  Is an inexperienced child firing a gun immoral? (No.) Is giving an inexperienced child a gun to fire immoral? (Yes.) And appropriately, Is an inexperienced child shooting a dangerous dog immoral? (No.) Is giving an inexperienced child a gun with which to shoot a dangerous dog immoral? (Yes.)  I can't imagine that you do not understand the point I'm making here. I do understand your point. I just understand that (and why) your point is flawed, and you don't.
You can't. How is that relevant? I never said you can truly know in the sense of measuring it. In fact, I'd say that the fact you can't know it invalidates the study mentioned about that tried to "know" whether prayer works or not. The point here is that the study mentioned above doesn't prove or disprove anything about prayer. Whether we can know for sure that prayer heals to ANY degree is a separate debate. It might be. Again, we can't know for sure, but so what? If there's the remotest possibility of any degree of healing as a result of it, why not pray? What are you going to do, tell a parent of a terminally ill child to not bother praying when there's nothing else the doctors can do? No, I'm saying it hasn't been proven NOT to work. It hasn't been disproven. I'm not out to prove prayer works. The premise set forth here by Peeling was that the study DISPROVES prayer. I'm saying that it does not. That's ALL I'm saying. You're confusing the idea of showing something about prayer is not disproven with the idea of proving prayer.  No, no, no.  I wasn't talking about the study (but I will in a sec), I was talking about how you view the world. How you observe something and what information you take from that. You said something to the effect that if you prayed for 100 people, and only 1 got better, then that could mean that prayer had an effect.  Well it could. But so could an infinite number of things, and they would be no more or less likely. Anything could have had an effect, but I would have no way to know that. And I wouldn't hang my hat on it. As such I could make no statement about the effect of any of those things, including prayer. Therefore, I should have no belief in my mind and heart about what had an effect on that one person getting better.   I could say, I like to believe that prayer had an effect, or it makes me feel good to believe that prayer had an effect, but there is no way I could know with any degree of certainty that prayer had anything to do with it. And if that is the case and that is how you feel, why would you put any reliance in the value of prayer over anything else?  Now, about the study. You made a distinction between a study that uses prayer to heal versus one that would use a drug. When you study something scientifically, the world doesn't change. The scientific experiment is only a structured way of observing the world, because when we look at the world the way we do every day, there is a whole lot going on to confuse us into thinking something may be happening that in truth is not.   The real purpose of the scientific method is to make sure Nature hasn't misled you into thinking you know something you don't actually know. -ROBERT M. PIRSIG, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance When you pray for someone or if you give them a drug, the universe still behaves the same in both circumstances. You mentioned something about the study disproving something. Science never does disprove anything, nor can it. It can't prove anything for that matter. The basic premise of an interventional study such as this is that the world behaves the same with or without an intervention. The intervention may affect the outcome, but it didn't alter the way the world behaves day in and day out.   So the given, or null hypothesis, is that there will be no difference between people who get prayed for and people who don't. To believe that there is a difference (which you say you do), the outcome after the intervention should be statistically different than the group for which there was no intervention. The difference is one of likelihood. With a statistical degree of certainty, a difference will or will not be seen. In the case of the study in question, no difference was seen; the null hypothesis was not rejected. If this is done with a p value of less than 0.05, which means that what we saw may have happened by chance, less than 5% of the time. The average number of healings in one group was no different than the average number of healings in the other, statistically speaking.   Anyway, your concept that somehow things are not comparable because we were using prayer as an intervention makes no sense. If indeed prayer makes a difference, shouldn't it be observable at least sometime? If there is no way to observe a difference, there is no way to have any degree of confidence there really is a difference.  You can't have it both ways. Belief and certainty.  If you say faith-based beliefs can never be empirically demonstrated to have validity, you are saying that faith is not based on reason or logic. Believing in something for which there is no evidence or for which there never could be any observable evidence that suggests that belief is false, is admitting irrationality.  So, I can accept someone saying there is no rational reason to believe that prayer makes a difference in the way the world works, it just makes me feel better. But please at least admit the rejection of rationality.   You have to admit therefore, that praying to the Christian God is as effective animist incantations, crystals and pyramids or my magic wand. All that matters is believing in it.
If there are 100 people, and 1 person out of that group is affected by prayer and the other 99 are not, then prayer has worked because there is more healing than has taken place than would be otherwise. This has to be the most appalling flight from reasoned argument that I have ever encountered on this forum. Thelmoose has already asked, I think, how you could possibly know that 'more healing has taken place than would be otherwise'. Your response was a desperate dive for the bolt-hole: 'Ah, well, neither side can know, so that makes both positions just as invalid. Phew.'  Sadly, we do know from the Templeton study that complications in prayed-for heart patients arise at the same rate as non-prayed-for patients: in other words your one in 99 'responding to prayer' is at least matched by those 'responding to absence of prayer'. Given the added finding that patients who knew they were being prayed for suffered more complications, I have to ask what you would want your relatives to do were you (heaven forfend) to be struck down with heart disease: pray for you secretly, and have no discernable effect on your recovery; or tell you up-front they were interceding with god on your behalf, and risk tipping the scales against you.
I was saying that the study in no way disproves prayer, because for people that pray, ANY amount of improvement post-prayer is more than there would be otherwise. I think we might be at impasse here. To a rationalist this statement is self-defeating and plainly flawed: we can never know how much improvement there would have been otherwise, and the probability that prayer has lowered it is, in the absence of contrary evidence, as great as the probability that it has raised it. (Both will centre on zero.) But a believer of jyoshu's conviction is never going to see that. Frankly, I'm surprised you guys are treating this study like it disproves prayer because I honestly thought you guys knew better than this. ... The act of prayer--asking--doesn't mean someone will be healed, and religious people generally realize this. You can't accurately measure prayer. It just doens't work that way. In other words, any slight indicator in its favour (1 in 99 recovering, for example) is to be tallied as evidence for its efficacy. Any indicator against it is to be discounted because 'it just doesn't work that way'. Tell me, does the phrase 'special pleading' have any resonance with you? You've raised it to an art-form.
Well, I was going to include the special pleading bit, too, but johnhanks beat me to it. Regardless...  I was saying that the study in no way disproves prayer, because for people that pray, ANY amount of improvement post-prayer is more than there would be otherwise.  ....  How do we know, for instance, that the people in that group wouldn't have gotten worse regardless? Put these two ideas together in the way you don't want to: The study in no way disproves prayer, because ANY amount of increased difficulty post-prayer is more than there would be otherwise. How do we know, for instance, that the people in the group that got worse wouldn't have gotten better without prayer?  It is equally "logical" based on your reasoning to come to this conclusion as it is to come to yours. Do you therefore conclude that prayer harms people? No, you've decided -- completely without justification -- that the effect of prayer must be improvement. But this assumption is that which is being tested. In other words, in order to rationalize that prayer helps, you're assuming that prayer helps. Not much of an argument.
 ... because for people that pray, ANY amount of improvement post-prayer is more than there would be otherwise.   I still cannot fathom how you can maintain this statement. Please explain. It seems so obviously false, I must be missing something.   First, I definitely question those findings. I highly doubt them, and would prefer to see how the study was conducted and the specifics of what all it entailed.   1. On what basis do you doubt the findings? It was sponsored by a religious organization. What specifics would you like to see? Perhaps I can provide them for you. 2. Why do you care of the specifics when you maintain that the results are irrelevant anyway?  I recognize that this was only one study. The more such data could be replicated, the more powerful the conclusions can be. Nonetheless, it was well designed and should count for something.     But again, even if one group did get worse after being prayed for as the study supposedly claims, how does that prove that prayer doesn't work? How do we know, for instance, that the people in that group wouldn't have gotten worse regardless?  We know that because of a matched control group.      Frankly, I'm surprised you guys are treating this study like it disproves prayer because I honestly thought you guys knew better than this.  Indeed we know better. We never said that. But thanks for the snotty condescension.  For anyone who believes in prayer, they know it doesn't work like a drug. It's not a medicene. It's asking a deity to intervene--that's ALL it is. The act of prayer--asking--doesn't mean someone will be healed, and religious people generally realize this. You can't accurately measure prayer. It just doens't work that way. How does it work then? And more importantly, how would you ever know? No one was measuring prayer anyway, they were measuring outcomes with and without prayer.  Anyway, who says you can't measure prayer?
 yes, I've already told you now very clearly that I'm not out to prove that prayer works. my post was in response to you thinking that the study DISPROVES prayer. It doesn't.  Stop it. Stop it. You can't disprove anything. No one has asserted that. You deleted the part of my post that said that. I said Science never does disprove anything, nor can it. It can't prove anything for that matter. why did you ignore that.    you have no way of knowing if it did or didn't. If I recover from a terminal disease for unknown reasons, and it just so happens I was prayed for, there's no way you can know for sure that the world, in that way, would have behaved the same way without the prayer (OR with it). See, you can't measure that. You'll never be able to show me conclusively that the world behaves the same regardless of prayer because you've got no way to know if it would have turned out differently had I not prayed.  But again, because you have no way of knowing how things would have turned out for the group that WAS prayed for had they not been, those stats don't really mean anything here. I agree, it could go either way (or neither). But I'm not the one out to prove/disprove anything here. Neither are we, you &$*$^&*&%  You don't listen. Are you saying we can draw no conclusions from paired interventional stuides such as this?
Hehe. This has got to be the most ridiculous coversation I've read in a long time.   "Black!" "White!'  "Black!" "White!"  "Black!!!" "White!!!"  and on and on and on...... :xbanghead   Starting from the Topic Heading: It can't. And also vice-versa.  Here is how one person measures prayer. After that, I recommend bong-hits for all of you.
That is very sexist. It is sad that you are ashamed of being male.Oh Good Grief! It sounds very like you are extremely unsure of your manhood to be so threatened by a funny little story.
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries. I've just gotten tired of it--and righteously so.
It's interesting that you mention this because this was actually prophesied right from the beginning by God. Down through the centuries, women have been mistreated and often considered to be second-rate humans. This is because of imperfection, an imperfection that God could foresee:  "Your craving will be for your husband, and he will dominate you." (Genesis 3:16)  Obviously men are not without blame too, but ultimately, due to disobedience to God, both Adam and Eve have had to pay the price and so have their offspring.Guilt is a wasted emotion. Save the sermon.
 It's a religious thread, I'm allowed to teach/preach  You are "allowed" to preach and teach (and they are decidedly not the same thing), but who wants to hear it? If you have an intelligent thought to share, by all means. If it happens to be enlightening, then you have taught someone; but that remains to be determined by the recipient of the information, not the giver. If your presumption is to teach, that assumes an unwarranted superiority on your part.  But preach? Why would you want to go and do a rude, condescending and egotistical thing like that?  Are you trying to emulate EZ?
Feeling a bit guilty are we?emoticon_confusedNot in the least. As I said it is pointless.   It's a religious thread, I'm allowed to teach/preachemoticon_xangelAt your age you should concentrate on learning.
Maybe you should emulate Jesus, EZ, and preach the Gospel and to Hell with the rest of that book.
Maybe you should emulate Jesus, Moose, and preach the Gospel like he and Billy Graham have done, instead of spewing out more worthless Michael Moore drivel that will never get anyone to heaven.  I don't like Michael Moore or Billy Graham and there is no heaven. Jesus was pretty cool (if he existed.)
It's interesting that you mention this because this was actually prophesied right from the beginning by God. Down through the centuries, women have been mistreated and often considered to be second-rate humans. This is because of imperfection, an imperfection that God could foresee:  "Your craving will be for your husband, and he will dominate you." (Genesis 3:16)  Obviously men are not without blame too, but ultimately, due to disobedience to God, both Adam and Eve have had to pay the price and so have their offspring.That belief system is soooooooooo full of bloody humbug and one does get tired of bloody humbug after centuries of it.
Did you think we'd all catch your deliberate misuse of words or are you a blonde?  ...can't be both!  Both men and women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries...men are just better at denigrating and making fun.  I think the Cherokee Indians had the right idea.emoticon_xgoodUm, if that's what you consider to be funny, oooooooooookay, but not everyone thinks it's so funny.
Maybe you should emulate Jesus, Moose, and preach the Gospel like he and Billy Graham have done, instead of spewing out more worthless Michael Moore drivel that will never get anyone to heaven.Michael Moore is a preacher? What divinity school did he attend?
Lol, and you call yourself a Christian??? I don't think so  I am not a Christian. Whatever gave you that idea?
Yeah, I kind of get tired of hearing humbug from feminists like yourself too. Woman have already been liberated (well, definitely in the West), have you not noticed? Why do you have to sterio-type men? Just because you've grown up with aragant arse-wipes, doesn't mean that the whole male population are like that...it's almost like me saying that ALL woman are scared of spiders.  Ps, you need to stop acting like an angry reincarnated suffragette and get that dildo out your arse. Live life, you may enjoy it...as apposed to being bitter about what our male ancestors did. My, how revealing. Woman [sic] have already been liberated (well, definitely in the West), have you not noticed? Translation: we let you work and we let you vote, even though you let us down ('This is because of imperfection ...'); so even though 'men are not without blame too', the Fall is mainly your fault, so accept your inferior status and PIPE DOWN!  Now, any guesses as to what organs thinking_person thinks with? Clue: they're not above his waist.
Give me an example of where woman are made to feel inferior today (apart from in the East)? Well, I could start by counting the number of female priests in your church. Wouldn't take long, would it?
Translation =   Yeah you go girl...whahoo, power to the woman! Maybe we can meet up later tonight and have some fun...I have a great selection of strap-ons... I don't know ShadowPikachu's sex, but either way that would be an odd message for someone called johnhanks, don't you think? Hmmm, well you got me there, I counted and I got to zero, maybe you should encourage more woman to become preists? It still doesn't prove your point though; just because 0.0005% of the female population have a hard job becoming preists doesn't mean that woman (in general) are being treated as lesser human beings. The Catholic church will argue most earnestly that its exclusion of women from the priesthood does not in fact treat them as 'lesser human beings'. The implacable fact of that exclusion, and its supposed 'justification', say otherwise: inferior status is imposed de facto, even if not de jure.  If you're going to play that game, hmm, lets see, how many men compaired to woman are there of:[*]Flight stewards[*]Child carers[*]Nurses[*]Teachers[*]Social Carers[*]Canteen Staff[*]Beauty Theropists[*]Hair Dressers[*]Wedding planners Etc etc Now you are clutching at straws. Set aside, for a moment, the abundance of male flight stewards, teachers, nurses, social workers, hairdressers etc. which renders your use of those examples risible. Set aside too the low social status and poor financial rewards associated with the jobs you have listed. You are still ignoring the crucial distinction between professions that few of one sex choose to enter and a vocation that proactively forbids one sex from entering it.  Oh, and Cool Yule, everyone...
My girlfriend is training up to become a profesional child carer and she knows that the wages are going to be somewhere in the region of £10 / hour.Peanuts. You'll never get rich babysitting.
Please don't speak unless you know about the subject, un-profesional babysitting may not pay very well, but qualified (degree) childcare does. There are more jobs in Childcare than just domestic "nannying".What seems a good salary to you now won't always.
LOL, i gues you're rich then? If I'm earning £12+ ($24)/hour then I'd deffinately be happy.See what I mean? I do much better than that and can't buy a home where I live.
Oh Gad! Trebor! What a bit of self-puffery!  Implying, of course, that you never have that problem.
In your area the wages of say a Nursary Nurse will be higher than £12/hour to make up for local area inflation. Not really. In my area you either aim higher or suffer the consequences.
Well stuff living there then LOL You get what you pay for. Don't knock the "City of Angels" if you haven't lived there.
LOL, yeah, sure does sound like a city of angels. Wish I lived there.  Personally, I preffer the quiet tranquility of my area, it's just not my "cup of tea" to be where you are; not saying that my area is better...but it is (joke)I think Scotland is fantastic. I greatly enjoyed my time there.
I'm glad you think so! It can be boring at times but you can't have it both ways (i.e. the fast life, and the slow), unless you travell to the cities (e.g. Endinborough). But in the end I would rather raise a familly in a more peacefull environment (where crime rates etc are generally lower).:)(e.g. Edinburgh) Glasgow's the only city I visited but Skye is one beautiful island.http://images.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://website.lineone.net/~trotternish/mehquiraing.jpg&imgrefurl=http://website.lineone.net/~trotternish/scenery.html&h=199&w=296&sz=30&hl=en&start=64&tbnid=fJThNkG2hqlZvM:&tbnh=78&tbnw=116&prev=/images%3Fq%3DIsle%2Bof%2Bskye%26start%3D62%26ndsp%3D20%26svnum%3D10%26hl%3Den%26lr%3D%26sa%3DN
http://www.forres-net.co.uk/  looks pretty.
What? Nae crime in Scotland?  Oye! Lad! Be ye not kepin yourn ear to the wall in the dead of nacht when the loobies roam?
Nae! Dinna ken me that loobies nae mare roam! Nae! Nae!
I was a Jehovahs Witness but I kind of swayed from it (sinned) and got myself disfellowshiped (no hard feelings on my part though). Disfellowshiping is what the early Christians used to do and is there to keep the congregation clean (it's kind of like being expelled). You can only be disfellowshiped in the first place if you continually sin or aren't showing any repentance for what you have done. If/after the "sinner" has repented of his/her sins and turned around he/she can request reinstatement, which is what I am aiming for. Even if I wasn't reinstated, for whatever reason, I would still firmly believe in their faith because they are the only religion I have known that manages to explain the truth from the bible and make sense of the world today.  That explains a lot.
I do find it interesting that both JWs and Christian fundies claim to take the Bible literally, and yet have wildly divergent doctrines resulting from it. That said I'm with EZ on most of this. May I suggest that for your next trick you two discuss the nature of Jesus after the resurrection, seeing as JWs claim Jesus was some sort of ghost.
I do find it interesting that both JWs and Christian fundies claim to take the Bible literally, and yet have wildly divergent doctrines resulting from it. That said I'm with EZ on most of this. May I suggest that for your next trick you two discuss the nature of Jesus after the resurrection, seeing as JWs claim Jesus was some sort of ghost.  I agree. I am amazed that neither of these two, their earnest though misguided attempts at scholarship notwithstanding, really cannot see the arbitrariness of the conclusions they make from the Scriptures. Saying something like "this passage clearly states" does not make it so. EZ, in his copy and pastiness is most impressive. I really love how his sources invent a supposed part of speech, "compound-unity noun", for which there is a single example in the entire language, as a way to justify a translation to mean what they want it to mean. I really think there is sincerity in them both, but they cannot even begin to see how they both look to any evidence to bring them to the conclusion that they desire.
I already referenced several examples in my previous post, not just one. And there were more I didn't list. If you are able to get ahold of the "Theological WordBook of the Old Testament" you will find additional examples.   As for "misguided attempts at scholarship," you haven't made any case for that.  Jesus is Lord.  I am sorry. Getting a bunch of people who already want to believe the same thing to agree on something is not scholarship. [A "degree" in theology is not that hard to get.]  You can reference all you want, but are these authors attempting to consider all possibilities of interpretation before coming to conclusions? [ANSWER THIS] Even the "evidence" you provide are very, very soft calls. They all could be interpreted many ways.   Foe example, you state that Matthew 28:19 ("...baptizing them in the NAME of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit"), is evidence for the existence of a Trinity. Someone named Matthew, whose identity is not really known, said this second or more-hand about a quote decades earlier is evidence for a three-in-one god. That's a pretty shaky sell.
Most religious people accept the Bible do they? That will be news to the world's muslims, hindus, sikhs, buddhists, jews, wiccans, heathens, animists, taoists etc.
Simply put, the majority of Christian teaching today differs a lot from when Jesus started it. In fact, I'd go as far as saying that the majority of so-called "Christians" today are an insult to Jesus. Jesus used the bible when speaking to his people and he condoned it. Therefore, as Christians you have to follow ALL the bible. Not just pick and choose which bits you like. Christendom today gives true Christians a bad name, it is false worship. Take a look at these examples of "Christians" that go against what the bible teaches:  The Roman Catholic Church permits the worship of Jesus' mother marry. This tradition has PAGAN origin (http://bupc.montana.com/whores/marywors.html) and was not part of the Christian faith. Even worse, the bible condemns any worship that isn't directed at God - Deuteronomy 5:9; 6:13 (Jesus himself refered to this scripture when the devil was trying to temp him). One of the ten commandments strictly forbids worshipping anything other than God (Idolatry).  Plenty religions permit idolatry, which is a great defiance of God's word - "You must not have any other gods against my face. You must not make for yourself a carved image or a form like anything that is in the heavens above or that is on the earth underneath or that is in the waters under the earth. You must not bow down to them nor be induced to serve them."-Ex. 20:3-5. And here are plenty other scriptures not permitting idol worship: Rom. 6:14; 1#Cor. 6:9, 10; 10:7, 14; 2#Cor. 6:16; Gal. 5:19, 20; 1#John 5:21; Rev. 21:8; 22:15.  What do you define as idol worship?  "The giving of absolute devotion and ultimate trust to something that is not God; immoderate attachment or veneration for something; respect or love that approaches that due a divine power."-Webster's Third New International Dictionary.  Do you not see church members bowing down/praying at pictures, statutes, shrines etc?  Christmas  Christmas is the biggest joke of Christendom. Christmas didn't get it's origin from the bible or early Christians. Jesus never once said to celebrate his birth, yet he did say to celebrate his death (i.e. what his life accomplishment has achieved) through a memorial, or "Lords supper" (this is a serious comemoration that doesn't need any showy displays) - "Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples and said, 'Take, eat; this is my body.' And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he gave it to them, saying, 'Drink of it, all of you; for this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins.'" On that occasion Jesus also commanded, as reported by the apostle Paul: "Do this in remembrance of me." Matt. 26:26-28; 1#Cor. 11:24  To say that Christmas is Christian just goes to prove you don't know anything about it's origin. It started from the Winter Festivals which was a period where cultures celebrated the "rest period" (agricultural activity was put on hold during the cold seaon). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_holiday_season This in itself is a direct contradiction of the belief that Jesus was born at Christmas - would sheperds have been out looking after the sheep (as in the Nativity)? The idea that Jesus was born at Christmas was simply made up.   Another reason why Christmas isn't Christian is it's pagan attributes Yule and Saturnalia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas Christians are to shun paganism.  ...There are plenty other things I could say about how the majority of todays "Christians" go against the bible and Jesus but my fiancee is going to kill me if I don't get off this computer!emoticon_xkillemoticon_frazzled   I may want to give a quick reminder that the bible was written by human beings, not a supernatural entity or Jesus. It is very unlikely that Jesus or God had anything to do with the bible, since the bible is not a very righteous, and preaches much hate. People who truely believe in doing good in the world and being followers of God would not even glance at this 2000 year old abomination.
Not sure where you get the idea that witchcraft=the devil, unless you hold to the idea that any non-Christian religion is demonically inspired. "By their fruits shall ye know them" springs to mind a bit here. Requiring people to do no harm to themselves or others (the central tenet of Wicca) doesn't sound like the work of the devil to me.
I don't know "for sure" what goes on in a Morman temple or a JW kingdom hall, or a masonic lodge, doesn't give me any reason to believe that they're engaging in anything particularly unsavoury. There is a massive difference between performing magic with the intention of causing harm performing magic with other intentions.  A lot of magical practises are forbidden by the Bible, but so are a lot of other things, and I don't consider people who have sex before marriage as being satanic. Committing a sin, possibly (not for me to decide), but not satanic.
Actually, on EZ's list the earliest date is 5-10 years after Jesus' death (AD, Anno Domini starts from the birth of Christ, not the death). Whether you think those dates are accurate is another matter.
  How else could one make sense of there being millions of words of text on this religion forum, that opposes the existence of a diety? Why would one of reasonable intellect and rationale, argue so long and with such dedication, against something they truly  believe to not exist ??  UFOs haven't made attempts to dictate my personal morality or legislate my religious freedom based on a book of fairy tales.
But for this brief moment in time, let the intellectuals reading this post drop their veil of all knowing and think on this. Would these same intellectuals spend so much of their time denying the existence of UFO's ? ...   Georged answered the question. Those Indiana farmers who claim to have been "probed" aren't causing anyone any trouble. You, on the other hand...  It is ironic that you refer to those who do not believe in a god as behaving "all knowing" or intellectual. Not a single atheist has ever claimed to know more than the godly. You are the ones that seem to have some superior knowledge about the existence of a deity, but mysteriously cannot explain it in simple human terms, i.e. evidence.  Please answer this question: Why is being intellectual a bad thing? I think using one's intellect to the highest degree possible is a noble achievement.  Another question, why do you think there is more fervor opposing the existence of god than of UFOs?
All of these years have passed on here EZ, and I see you are still fighting the good fight. Good for you. ...  Wow, look at the amount of text written on here by people denying the existence of God or Christ, and stating the Holy Bible is just a book of FULL of fables and a myths. Millions upon millions of bytes of it I see ..   Hmmm... In my opinion this mass amount of intellectual jibberish in denying ones own existence, proves they are intimidated by the truth. They know the truth exists, but because of their spiritual blindness, will stay the fight until time runs out for them....   BS Alert for the non-believers ! Jibberish here being posted by a believer !!! ..emoticon_zzzz   But for this brief moment in time, let the intellectuals reading this post drop their veil of all knowing and think on this. Would these same intellectuals spend so much of their time denying the existence of UFO's ? ...  Afterall, our government states they do not exist. Our educational system teaches that life beyond our planet does not exist. A person will not find a forum anywhere about UFO's/ET's that has this many intellectuals opposing the UFO believers. Why not ? Because the intellectuals truly believe that UFO's/ET's do not exist and will not take their precious time debating the topic...  So why do these non-believing intellectuals want to so vigorusly ,deny the existence of God and the power of the Holy Spirit ? Because the non -believing intellectuals have within them the spirit of consciousness of their creator, as all humans do. But with all of us being born in to sin, we unknowingly deny this good spiritual consciousness and favor the darker fallen side. Therefore, we humans embrace the darker side and wage war against our creator. ...  How else could one make sense of there being millions of words of text on this religion forum, that opposes the existence of a diety? Why would one of reasonable intellect and rationale, argue so long and with such dedication, against something they truly  believe to not exist ??   I think the problem is that EZ isn't happy just being a believer. He has to and supports the impostition of his beliefs and faith upon others who do not wish this imposition.  He isn't happy just letting others live their lives he wants all to be forced to believe as he does. He does not believe in live and let live.
Christians who follow a majority of sect interpretations from biblical dogma are not motivated to live and let live. That's individuality and very difficult to sell in a peer group dominated by adherents to their own interpretations. One lives for the deity by interpretation under peer group pressure also judged by faith in an afterlife, not one's self. That's a very common belief system rule in many religions with a single, central deity.
 If the Words of Christ had not been believed and acted on for the passed 2000 years by so many, where would have ones "personal morality" beliefs come from ? Do you think mankind would have self dictated his own thoughts enough, to act as a human being should and be civil ? ... Yes. Most definitely. Mankind has done this prior to Christ and does it today among all non-Christian people throughout the world. Our greatly improved civility toward each other othe the last century or so- abolition of slavery, consideration of civil rights, women's rights, etc - has had much less to do with religion than secular thought.  To paraphrase the Sam Harris article posted by Simone and electolyte, if one does not understand that cruelty to others is bad beforehand, he won't learn differently by reading the Bible.    Look at the last 20 years in the USA where the secular progressives are having their influences. The majority of our youth have turned their backs on religious faith of any kind in this country. Read the papers and see on TV how well that is doing. Check out the rise in substance abuse, violence , domestic abuse, thefts, property damage, animal abuse, etc. committed by our youths today. Why ? ... Actually the swing in the pendulum toward conservatism and religiosity had been extremely strong in the last 20 years. In any event, I think crime is actually down in the US.    These youths have not had instilled in to them any belief in anything higher than themselves. They hold no accountability to anyone, parents included, and the threat of jail is a joke to them. They brag of getting shot, they think it is cool to serve jail time. They see meanspiritness and dehumanizing acts to people as being humorous. We can thank our SP's and the entertainment industry/ media for these attributes in our youth...  I do not know how you ascribe those issues to lack of religion. Do you think possibly there could be any other causitive factors?  The point is you come from a position that Christianity is good, in fact the sole source of good. So you have convinced yourself that all bad is due to lack of same. I am not sure there is even a statistical association with the things you describe, much less any evidence of causation.    Yes, religion has had its many failures in our society. We have our televangelists failures to remind of us that. I think if one is truly honest with themselves, I think they would see when a person has the belief in Christ and at least tries to live His teachings, life can become better for them...  Sure. But there are oodles of others ways, too, and the don't come with all the "side effects" of christianity, like bad-haired televangelist crooks.    I have not had one person in over 20 years come to my door trying to spread his/her religious beliefs. I wish they would, I would enjoy the verbal exchange of ideas we would probaly have about the topic. ...  I have people literally come to my door on Saturday mornings, but they are merely a nuisance. I have battled anti-gay ballot initiatives from religious nuts who have wanted to pass laws that say that being gay is "wrong" (seriously, I live in Oregon), and have tried (some successfully) to deprive me of rights that others have, and do it in the name Jeesus.   I have not had a pastor call me begging me to come to his church. I have not had a pop up ad come up on my PC not one time, from any church wanting my attention. I can name hundreds of other peoples beliefs on issues and commercial products that are forced at me daily though.... EZ and his ilk regularly claim that I am immoral because I don't believe the same.    I do not peronsally know of one law that has been imposed on me, that the police or the courts showed me the KRS: statute in the Bible that I had violated..... Not you, cause you're a white, straight, christian male. So you don't see a problem. Isn't christianity supposed to make you selfless and look to the plight of others?   I do not know where the posters here get the notion that christians are trying to shove their beliefs upon anyone. Look at this forum. The majority of posts here are with people trying to prove that the existence of a deity, or the realm of human spirituality, is non - existent.... Have you read anything the christians write on these forums?   From what I have read on here the last 3 years , it is the believers that are in the defensive mode most of the time. It is hard to shove something down someone throat when the shover, has to remain in a defensive stance against the shovee. All jmo and hopefully we will always respectfully, hold to our differences on this topic.  Look, if you act like an as$hole and someone gets upset and calls you on it, you ought to be on the defensive. You christians started it, and you act all wounded when others aren't going to take your XXXX any more. That's as respectful as I can get in response to that baloney.
...here's just ONE interesting quote I copied from a weegee board forumn:  "I really do not reccommend using a weegee board. Please take my advice as i am only concerned for your safety because of what happened to my good friend james. We set it all up right and we started doing it and it took a while for anything to start happening but when it did it told us that it was an evil spirit. We thought it was a cool idea to keep playing until james put his finger on the glass and at that moment he rolled his head back and the glass shattered and then he gargled blood. Then he went into a spasm and with the 3 blows with his own hand to his head he made his skull collapse and killed himself. The ortopsy showed that the brain had detached from everything. Me and my friend have spent the last 6 months of our lives in a mental hospital only being released because we decided to stop trying to tell the truth."   There are plenty more unpleasant experiences like this one from dabbling with spirits.  Does that sound safe and harmless to you?Tell me you don't actually buy this nonsense?
I don't see what hypnotism has to do with magic, and more particularly what it has to do with Wicca. Similarly I'm not aware of any connection between Wicca and the sort of engagement with spirits that you describe. For most Wiccans, "magic" is largely indistinguishable from what you or I might consider to be prayer, and certainly the ritual actions are little more than a committed catholic might undertake. Obviously this will vary from Wiccan to Wiccan, as there is no fixed definition of what Wicca is or how it is practised. I've never wanted to use a weegee board, and I'm not aware of any of my friends, including the Wiccans, who have; and again I'm not sure what the connection is.   The Bible is very specific about the practises it forbids, which include contacting the dead, and casting harmful spells, and preparing poisons in order to kill people.  Who knows for sure that a person is only going to use magic for good?  The same way you trust someone to look after your kids. You don't know for sure, you rely on people to be honest, that's how society works.  As far as the Bible passages go, there is more than one translation of most of them. As far as I understand it (which isn't very far, my knowledge of hebrew is second hand at best), the old testament passages are most accurately translated as referring to evil sorcery, or the casting of evil spells. The prohibitions on divination are limited, not wholesale, indeed there are instances in the Bible of divination being used with God's apparent approval, and in any case not all Wiccans practise any form of divination.
But you can't say it's nonsense if you've never done anything to do with spiritism or known anyone close who has.Sure I can. Besides, I do know someone who sees spirits regularly.
Well goosy moosy, how would you know I am straight ? I just love it when you get all prissy with me. :)    I have stated on here I was a believer. I do not recall saying on here that I was a christian, that is a word that is used too loosely in our culture now. Just because a person claims themselves to be a christian, does not make it so. Remember always when dealing with people and the words they speak or type , the old cliche' , " The fruit falleth not far from the tree". ..   Take a hint from this newly appointed a$$hole and save your heart from getting so stressed out. When a person puts a post in "quote" the reply is being addressed to that poster being quoted. In this case I was speaking to Georged, not you . But I have enjoyed your insightful response though...  I have read more posts on here than you would think Mr.Moose. After all, I have been on here two years longer than you so that affords me more veiwing time already. I am not a intellectual as you, but I do read the posts on here. I do not feel the need to "puff" up on a religion BBS and post a lot. Life is too short for me now, to spend my time trying to convince people of something they choose to deny..   Your reply validates what I said in my first post. You are denying the spirit of our creator within you and you will strike out against it until your last breath is drawn. Do not feel too badly about that though, you are among millions upon millions people that live that way. There is nothing wrong with that, it is your choice and we have all been given free will to choose as we want. ...  It is sad that you cannot be still within yourself long enough to know there is a consciousness greater than you , in your fleshly mind. A consciousness that could change your whole perspective on life . A consciousness that would allow you to dedicate your intellect and time posting more positive data on the net, like how to catch the biggest bass in the lake. But first, one must be still and know it when they find it. good day to you.  I countered your arguments and you post that most condescending response. If you think I had it wrong, please reply. If only I was at your level of understanding, all would be clear, I suppose.   Again, with the "intellectual" remark. I don't understand why these religionists think that is a bad thing and seem to pride themselves as one who does not use one's intellect to the greatest extent possible.   And, OF COURSE you are a white, straight, christian male. Lastly, an interesting use of words to describe me, "prissy", a little homophobia, perhaps.
I take it you just think this man/woman's a looney then?One must allow for that possibility. Troubling when one shares genetic material.
I think the point is that mental illness often has a genetic component, especially things like paranoid schizophrenia.
Did you not do science at school? You know, even if I did have the same genetic material as these eyewitnesses, knowledge/experience is never passed on through genetics.I was referring to myself genius. While we're at it, did you not "do" English "at" school?
PS, I find it quite amusing to say I (an English, British citizen) am getting sarcastic remarks about my language from a Yankee LOL (not being nationalistic there...you can make fun of my country all you like, I can cope with that:) ).In my experience you blokes mangle the language at least as often as we do.
Actually, the chance of an individual being schizophrenic rises to 10 per cent if a parent or sibling has the illness; this suggests other factors appear to contribute to the development of schizophrenia in an individual. Which just proves that similar genes don't = same mental illnesses.  Hence me saying "genetic component", just as there is a genetic component in many cancers. That doesn't mean it is the only determinant, but as you correctly point out, there is a increased likelihood of developing schizophrenia if a family member has the condition.
It only works on interesting people...hehe  Personally, I'd say it only works on liars.  As to some topics of this thread... As a cultural catholic (been up to confirmation), I have not nor ever 'worshiped Mary' nor have I ever been instructed to do so nor have I ever seen nor heard someone else do so. There have been subcults of mary worshipers much as there was the protestor reformationist break away, schisms and a host of other abberations associated to the Church, that does not mean that the 'body' or majority follow those offshoots.  Most often, erronous information of this nature is perpetuated by protestor lies and simple ignorant people. The Hail Mary prayer is a prayer of intercession. Personally, I find the logic in it to be odd when compared to scripture, after all, what need a believer have to ask someone else for prayers of help when we should just ask God ourselves.  As to followingthe whole bible. That's just silly. Most who claim to do so, or say they are Full Bible believers often mangle it for their own purposes. Taking quotes out of context, ignoring anything that contradicts with their goals. Extrapolating simple verse and comments to often outrageous endings.  Also the bible is contradictory. How the heck are you to follow something such as your 'disfellowship' as stated to the Corinthians IIRC when the Christ taught that a good shepherd would go after that lost sheep, leaving the flock behind. Think really hard, were you cut off from your cult (and disfellowship is common cultic control practice) after they really made a concerted effort to win you back and show you the error of your ways or, did they fairly quickly let you go with little efforts? I don't personally know your situation but most often from my experience, it's the latter that happens. Public snubbing and other immature behavior is often the result done in the name of disfellowship.  I'm also curious if you'd be willing to sell all your belongings and turn them over to church authorities and live communally?  I know Word of Faithers would love for you to do so, so would many Pentacostals. Evangelists. Jim Jones had many of his followers do so too. They all said they were FULL bible believers. Odd that that is very abused to exhault the 'man of gawd' with lavish wealth as the followers go wanting. Even Catholicism had such practices.  Psersonally, I say the bath water needs tossing out. The baby drowned in it a long time ago. Do away with it. Religion, Christianity, the whole sheebang. What ever good has been done it it's name is small compared to the harm it's done. I say let humanity fight and kill for unvarnished reasons. Naked greed, limited resources, xenophobia and simple misunderstanding.     PS. In the event of this made up rapture thingy,  I'm killing those left behind.  Starting with those who professed to be 'Christians'.  emoticon_xangel
I'm trying to keep score.  Buddha's in a box.  Ghandi's in Hell?
No person on Earth has the right to say that another WILL go to hell or wherever even though they may wish it. That is God's prerogative.  QFT, you've hit the nail on the head.
QFT, you've hit the nail on the head.  HOWEVER, those who believe in scripture as inerrantly accurate, word of god will easily state that they AREN'T judging but simply reciting scriptural fact.  As simpe case of IF = Then.  And, Christians are called to judge other Christians, just not in a hypocritical way nor to judge their hearts, just their actions/ fruits.   As for Ghandi, he actually DID reject Christianity. IIRC, it was mostly due to how 'christians' behaved.  Also, for some reason, I thought Dante had noble peoples who were unsaved in a seperate city outside the 1st circle of hell (Dis). The 1st circle was for those who spent too much time chasing their 'own banners'.   Personally, I'm waiting for 'true believers' who say they follow the 'entire' bible to take up stones and hurl them forcibly at the false prophets who poke their heads up. Maybe Pat Robertson would be good for starts?  Deuteronomy 18:20
  ... From that moment on I have been an alien in this World and alive in Christ with the ability to understand and comprehend spiritual insights that never even existed to me prior to being born again.   Would you please be willing to share some of those spiritual insights? I am fascinated. Thank you.
I kind of did by explaining how the bible was foreign to me prior to being saved yet it speaks personally to me now. The bible is the LIVING WORD of GOD and can only be understood fully by those who know Him personally. It's giberish to all others. Also, why do you exist ? Why was man created in the first place ? That question haunted me as a young teen. I wanted to know the reason for my life, what is the reason I live ? He answered those questions for me so now I know that I come from Royal Lineage and am a child of a King of Kings and Lord of Lords. I'm not an orphan who is lost as I was before knowing I was unconditionally loved by my Father in Heaven.   Thank you. I understand now what you are saying.  I respectfully disagree, however, that not knowing why we exist makes life meaningless. I have no idea why we have come to be what we are. I suspect there really is no reason and I don't have a problem with that in the least. I don't find that difficult to comprehend, nor do I think it is a cause for despair. It doesn't change the amazing "outcome" for me, no matter how or why we got here.  I think things are pretty wonderful the way they are, even if I am not royalty. The world is pretty amazing on its own. Just today, I have enjoyed the cherry blossoms exploding, my cat sleeping in the sink, the sun shining on the mountains and Ella Fitzgerald singing "Bewitched". That's a good day, and it's only 2 o'clock. I am a content person who is lucky to be alive and loved by many, and I am thankful for that.   But that's just me. Thanks for your take on things, and I am happy you get that much out of the Bible.
Can you prove your belief system is true?  Anyone can prove to a fellow believer that their belief system is true.  If you and I both believe in leprechauns, I shouldn't have a hard time convincing you they exist. The hard part is convincing an unbeliever.  We can not convince an unbeliever that our belief system is true, because ultimately all belief systems are built on faith, which has no acceptable proof to any but the faithful.My belief system says all belief systems are false, including my own. Kill the Buddha!
I wacked him with my spade and he lives no more! I have planted him where my tomatoes will grow, as he will provide good fertilizer and at least be of some use.Excellent! Now to get down to some serious attachment.
Can you prove your belief system is true?  Anyone can prove to a fellow believer that their belief system is true.  If you and I both believe in leprechauns, I shouldn't have a hard time convincing you they exist. The hard part is convincing an unbeliever.  We can not convince an unbeliever that our belief system is true, because ultimately all belief systems are built on faith, which has no acceptable proof to any but the faithful.  Exactly what do you mean by true ?  True in a subjective sense ? or true in the sense of universally so ?  What would be the proof you require ?
I mean "true" in the sense that others who have differing belief systems would agree with you. We might say "objectively true", but this would be an overstatement.  For my comment, it does not matter if the belief system if a reflection of reality.  The proof would be that someone with a differing belief systems says, "By golly peteratwar, you are right. You have shown me that your system is correct, and mine is mistaken. You may wish to point out that this might occur in the case of religious conversions. By religious conversions I mean into or away from a particular religion.  Religions all have certain belief systems, and individuals come in and out of religions every day. Thus they abandon their own belief system in favor of another. My experience is that religious conversions do not occur on boards such as this.  Of course if a person converts to your belief system, they no longer have a differing belief system.  Although it may not have been clear in my OP, I meant to say that two individuals who retain differing belief systems, will never accept the core beliefs of the other individual.  Hopes this helps.  Clearly that isn't proof. It is only that someone believes you may be right.  Core beliefs need to be clarified as to meaning.  A large number of ethical beliefs in various religions are very similar
Can you prove your belief system is true?  Anyone can prove to a fellow believer that their belief system is true.  If you and I both believe in leprechauns, I shouldn't have a hard time convincing you they exist. The hard part is convincing an unbeliever.  We can not convince an unbeliever that our belief system is true, because ultimately all belief systems are built on faith, which has no acceptable proof to any but the faithful.  er isnt this stating the blinding obvious, philosophically, what is the contention of this thread / musing?
What I find most interesting is that God never once attempts to prove His existence through out the whole bible. It's like if I asked you to prove you exist. You would say how ridiculous a request as we are speaking now so you know I exist. Well so is it with God. We have His complete Creation as proof of His existence. We our selves are made in His image so are evidence, and testify of His existence and Glory. Our creativity, imaginations, capacity to love and nurture not only each other but the lower life forms that He entrusted to us prove we have His capacity to care, as corrupted as we are due to our fallen nature.  All of these things testify to Gods existence. But we must be willing to acknowledge Him, and that means we must humble ourselves before such a great and powerful God. But many prefer denial to submission, so they refuse to accept that life, the World, and all of creation is His in the final analysis.  "What I find most interesting" is to consider a humanity purged of the chronic scourge of rabid religion. How much more pleasant, and saner would the world be. And how many Indigenous peoples around the planet would have continued to survive and thrive unmolested by what i consider the evilest of all manmade plagues, religion.
But the question is Can you prove your belief system is true? And all you've done is spew hate for religion but haven't even tried to actually answer the question.   Wrong: I answered the thread, noting it was a redundant musing, ergo it can not be "actually answered"   And ask yourself this. If the idea of God is such a man made plague, then God doesn't even exist right ? So if God doesn't exist then what has He done to you to make you so venomous and angry at him ? Why would you be so angry at a non existent being ? I challenge you to come up with a rational answer.  god has done nothing to me because he does not exist! It is the noxious rabid believers who insist right up into the new millenium to poison society with their sanctimonous fanaticism that has and continues to hurt and stupefy so many.  I trust this to be a "rational answer".
Can you prove your belief system is true?  Anyone can prove to a fellow believer that their belief system is true.  If you and I both believe in leprechauns, I shouldn't have a hard time convincing you they exist. The hard part is convincing an unbeliever.  We can not convince an unbeliever that our belief system is true, because ultimately all belief systems are built on faith, which has no acceptable proof to any but the faithful.Why would you want to prove your belief system to be true? How could you prove it?   Belief is belief. Sometimes persons believe hard, solid facts, most times they do not.
Archangel is perfectly legitimate in believing in his deity as long as he does not force me to also believe in and worship the same deity, as long as he does not force me to view the scars of crucifixion upon his body, inasmuch as he, Archangel, claims to have been crucified with Christ.
Not at all, but it's the typical ad hominum rant of atheists so is nothing new at all. Can't you guys expand your thinking at all ? emoticon_xgood  Since SPQR capitulated to the Nazarene myth, millions have been slaughtered at the alter of the Cross. Many more millions have grovelled in conditions of near insanity, ashamed of their humanity, because that infernal Word shamed so many into abject submission. Think Indigenous peoples, and the 'hell' imperialistic religion has wrought upon them.  Religion = Fear = Control = Human Activity = Constructivism  How's that for 'expansion'
Typical atheistic rubbish since you asked. Here's my equation.  ACCEPTANCE OF CHRIST=UNCONDITIONAL LOVE+ETERNAL SECURITY+FREEDOM FROM GUILT AND CONDEMNATION=PERFECT PEACE IN THE PRESENCE OF A HOLY GOD FOREVER emoticon_xangel   Thank you Jesus for dying so that I may live life, and live it more abundantly.  Is this preaching?  Me thinks you want the Relgion forum and not Philosophy.
You attacked the Nazarene and I defended Him ravin. I wondered how long before you showed up. Keep your religious attacks in the religion forum and this wont happen.  Im not the one feverishly preaching religous doctrine in a philosophy forum.   Atheism is a critical discourse in philosophy.  Preaching belongs in the church and not in the public domain. Thank you.
As I said, if you don't want to discuss religion in the Philosophy forum then don't use baiting tactics like attacking the Nazarene here and then complaining if someone defends him. That is the epitome of philosophical cowardice and it wont fly here.  theres a fundamental difference between debating religion and preaching the same. much of your posts could be described as simple idolatry  you chronically argue 1 point - objective morality underpinned by faith. in terms of proof the onus is clearly on those who advocate for something that does not logically exist, or to prove that the 'non-existant' exists using scientific criteria.   "Aethists" prove their case for non-existance, by the incontrovertible fact that not a single shred of evidence beyond ideas / gospel proves the existance of a deity.  In short because the 'faithful' think and wish for divine subjugation, such 'spiritual' masochism and delerium bears NO relevance to the reality of things.
Note the bolded. I realize you posted this and sat back feeling very proud of how you put me in my place. But you fail to comprehend that just as God cannot be scientifically proven to exist, neither can science prove He doesn't exist.  science continually proves god doesnt exist by confirming the absence of a shred of tangible evidence.  And this is ALL the proof required.  Again, the ABSENCE of scientifc evidence proves god as a reality is a lie. The onus is on believers / advocates to provide evidence beyond wistful musings and gobbledgook gospels. This cannot be done because god does not exist.
Claiming science disproves gods is just as foolish and "rabid" as claiming it proves gods.   cardinal requisite of a scientifc criteria: phenonomen must be observable. gods are not observable therefore science disproves god as it does with the tooth fairy.  if this reasoning is insufficent then i invite those with large imaginations to demonstrate why god is MORE believable than a tooth fairy - using scientifc as opposed to emotive criteria.
It's not more believable than the tooth fairy, but science doesn't disprove the tooth fairy either.    Science doesn't say: "If we can't observe something, it doesn't exist"  it says "If we can't observe something, we can't say anything about it".  Gods aren't scientific, that doesn't mean they're disproven by science.  pedanticism is the final retreat of the beaten and confused
So you agree that science does not disprove gods and other supernatural creatures?  pedanticism AND repetiveness is the final retreat of the beaten and confused
Was the irony there intentional?  ok i admit it: your relentless sanctimony and emotional bleeding for morality has me befuddled.
Many people believe that unless something is proved to exist by scientific inquiry, then it doesn't exist. Maybe this error of reasoning (or categorical mistake?) ought to be included among the informal fallacies.   James.  i beleive in the universal biological NEED for myth-making  religion and morality are 2 necessary mental comforts for nietzsche's "herd".
Morality is a universal human construct, unless one's perceptions and processing are damaged--or if one's environment has been detrimental to forming a moral base. Religion is a construct of many humans, but not of all.  Even animals have a moral construct in many cases--I would conclude that there is more hard wiring for morality than there is for religion--and that morality came first in the evolution of the human race.
Morality is a universal human construct, unless one's perceptions and processing are damaged--or if one's environment has been detrimental to forming a moral base. Religion is a construct of many humans, but not of all.  Even animals have a moral construct in many cases--I would conclude that there is more hard wiring for morality than there is for religion--and that morality came first in the evolution of the human race.  yes human construct, thank you
So you would agree that unless science proves something, it does not exist?  The Coelacanth was believed to be scientifically extinct. As there was no scientific proof of its existance, you would have believed it did not exist today?  You'd be wrong.  Prior to the invention of deep sea submersibles, there was no scientific evidence that any life was present on the bottom of the sea floor. Under your set of logical principles, the sea floor was barren.   You'd be wrong.  Science has yet to prove how gravity works. We have speculation, some theories but no solid laws. Do you believe that gravity does not exist?  these analogies of physical phenonmen are fallacious, bearing little relevance to the metaphysical fantasies of religion.   the discovery of previously unknown matter / species is not the same as the 'discovery' of the spiritual   god cannot be proved scientifically because the principles that make up the myth are illogical, therefore science cannot measure it as it can not measure the toothfairy fantasy. Both myths defy the logical criteria of science and therefore, scientifically / factually must be dismissed.
What makes you say that? Virtually all myths came from a truth.   I agree: the myth of god / sprituality stems from the "truth" of instinct or to put it plainly - the universal apprehension of mortality.   Is science the world?   Can science measure forgiveness? How about hope? How love? According to you, since they defy the logical criteria of science, they therefore cannot exist?  "love, hope, forgiveness" - these are nothing but wet feelings / emotions; quaint beliefs in spirituality and an "objective morality" sit very comfortably among these subjective passions.
That wasn't what I meant. Mythological monsters have their roots in actual creatures. Mythical floods have their roots in actual floods. Mythical climate stories have their roots in actual events.  Fair enough.  I argue, as I have always, the myth of god has its "roots" in the "actual event" of mortality.  Can these subjective passions be measured by science?  most certainly, the reality of emotions and beliefs are observable and thus measurable.
Explain. I'd love to see a scientific explanation and measure of those three.  "scientific explanation" why? when all that was asserted: "...the reality of emotions and beliefs are observable and thus measurable."  surely your post is not suggesting the extremely absurd by claiming that people experiencing emotions and beliefs are not observable / measurable
emphasis mine  He didn't claim that people aren't measurable, but rather that emotions themselves aren't measurable. How much love can you fit in a teaspoon?  riiiiight, and why exactly are you telling me this?
That these emotions are not scientifically measurable. Therefore they don't exist as they fail to met the criteria under your 'existing' framework.  this 'argument' is your creation, it has nothing to do with my posts and counter-points, as my text proves:  "surely your post is not suggesting the extremely absurd by claiming that people experiencing emotions and beliefs are not observable / measurable"   the operative word - experiencing   how do you and others then extrapolate the above point to include the measurement of emotions, irrational and careless to say the least.
That these emotions are not scientifically measurable. Therefore they don't exist as they fail to met the criteria under your 'existing' framework.  Emotions are scientifically measurable.  Edit:  Regarding the topic issue:  No one can prove anything except to prove to them selves that they exist.  If you watch closely you can see the religious people not doing it.
NO. Belief systems are not subject to logical or empirical proof.
Darwinism is hotly debated? where in Church?  I agree with all of materialism positions including free will. Free will is an illusion unless you think there is a ghost in the machine.
Why?  Why?
I dont have to prove my belief... if i wasnt even alive itd still be true..   God created the Sun, the moon, and the stars... and even the constilations tell the story of the Virgin birth and the Returning Christ as the Lion of Judah... (which is the truth the Egyptians perverted by creating the sphinx---which is the head of a virgin woman and the body of a lion)...   And just so you know, the sphinx was created based on the constilations...  Yes, them evil egyptians perverting such a thing - despite the fact that they created it thousands of years before the doctrine of the virgin birth became something accepted by the Christian church.
So who was it that named the stars and constilations then?? The Egyptians didnt.....  Yes, they did: http://www.aldokkan.com/science/astronomy.htm  Seems they had at least five.  Oh, and if you're talking about who named them as they are today, sorry, no Christians/Jews involved. The current list is based on those listed by Claudius Ptolemy, Greek-speaking mathematician, geographer, astronomer, and astrologer who lived in the Hellenistic culture of Roman Egypt.  They, in turn, adapted those and modified them from those of Mesopotamia (whom have the first recorded evidence of naming of constellations).
No belief system can ever be proved. Your viiw of what is most realsonable is as valid as anyone else's At the moment the hot debate is over materialism vs. non materialism.  Sorry BJ but as Paine observed every religion claims all the others are wrong and they are all correct. They cannot all be VALID Bertie its not possible so they cannot all be equally VALID. Just not possible.  And when you can put something non-material on the table - literally then perhaps there can be a debate. But non-material means non-existent so far as we know. Good luck on it.
what religion happened to be right in the middle of Human history? (in between B.C. and A.D) B.C. An abbreviation used with dates of events that took place before the birth of Jesus. b.c. stands for before Christ.  A.D. An abbreviation used with a date, indicating how many years have passed since the birth of Jesus.  Jesus is the way the truth and the life...  This has to be a joke.  If you are not deliberately attempting to be obtuse here, you are frightening. I hope you are not allowed out among the rest of us.   You do know (oh god I hope so) that the dating system you speak of was devised centuries after the fact, is completely arbitrary and is not he only one out there.
I don't see anything wrong with his post, there. Well, other than the idea it's "right in the middle of human history" (human history goes a lot farther back). But like it or not, the "BC/AD"-based dating scheme is the one used for the most part. There has been a political correctness movement in academia to rename the abbreviations by calling them BCE and CE, but the dividing line between the two "eras" is indeed the assumed life of Christ in history.  I think that guy was implying that the fact that BC/AD pre and post date the birth of Christ was evidence that he was "right in the middle of human history". That's why I scoffed.   With respect to BCE and CE, I don't know about politically correct, but the point is the whole fricking world in not Christian and maybe all dates should not make reference to Christ. It just so happens that the West had historically adopted these dates and the West is pretty influential so this date scheme is used. Perhaps we can try to not be so Christo-centric as the poster and apparently you and acknowledge that there actually are non-Christians in the world.   I think Jesus was a good guy and all, but certainly not #1 (not even in the top ten of history's greatest in my book) and I don't have a problem with removing his name from an utterly non-religious context.  Sometimes there are reasons for making changes that don't have to be labeled "PC" by alarmist christian apologists.
 You'd think that, if they were going to 'de-christianize' it, they'd try to change the whole scheme altogether and try to get a different dating system adopted.  That would be more than a little inconvenient, dontcha think?  And you know darned well the Christians would have a hissy fit if our dating system was named before and after Mohammed or Confucius or Julius Caesar. (Actually BC and AD only came into existence around 4-500 or thereabouts. In the Roman Empire the year was named after the emporer - the 16th year of whathisname.) The years, when they happened to be named at all, have had any number of different schemes. It is simply more convenient in a world that has gotten as small as ours to have a uniform system. I personally don't care if they name it after Lassie; I would think we could grandfather in any old name; but I can certainly see how huge swaths of the non-christian majority population of the world might care. Exactly like you Christians would, and you know it.
I cannot prove that my belief in my specific God is true any more then I can prove that leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and living care bears exists. That doesn't mean I don't believe in God however.  actually, it can be proven whether leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and livining care baers, and even god, exists or not.  the question of proving a belief seems kinda self-contradictory to me. if something is a fact that can be proven, then your belief about it is irrelevant. likewise, if you believe something, whether there are facts to support it or not, its still your belief. there are people who believe things inn the absence of supporting facts, and sometimes even in the face of opposing facts. the term for that is faith  faith is the belief of something in the absence of evidence. if you have faith in something, proof is irrelevant, or at least it should be
"Hissy fits" by Christians have never seemed to be of any concern to the scientific community before--exemplified by the very fact you're referring to the expressing of opinions and views on this sort of thing as "hissy fits", just now. So I seriously doubt that would bring pause at all. I do agree with you however, that the inconvenience and work to bring about change in standards probably was a factor in not changing the system altogether. Nevertheless, it would make more sense in the long run to have a more efficient sort of dating system, and one that allows for feasibly going back farther into history. There really is no need to have a dividing line between two separate 'eras' at all, if you think about it. It's ALL history.  You seriously doubt it would bring pause at all?? YOU are the one that raised the objection to CE, labeling it politically correct.  I disagree. It would make no sense to change the dating system. It is perfectly efficient and serviceable the way it is. One unique identifying number for every year. It works just fine. Changing the "units" (if you care to) would not alter the functionality of the system.
Are you feeling alright? you just summed up why we cannot prove leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and living care bears, and even god, exists or not. the existence of these things can be proven. what i summed up is why proof doesnt necessarily affect beliefs. even if i were to prove god's existence or non-existence, it would not matter to someone whose belief is based on faith, but the proof would still be there
Could you define the term "prove" to establish the truth or genuineness of, as by evidence or argument to verify the correctness or validity of a statement  "x is y" is a statement. to prove this statement, we need to all agree on the definition of x, and of y, and then use logic to determine if x really is y.
Then how can your statements be correct?   After all you said that such beliefs are based on faith, which is a belief despite lack of evidence. If there is no evidence how can you prove such a belief to be true?   If evidence as defined in your definition is required for proof and such beliefs have no evidence how can your argument not be a contradiction? no, belief in a statement and a statement being true are actually independent of each other. one can believe a true statement or a false statement, and one's belief in a statement does not make it true or false. also, having faith that a statement is true does not make it provable or unprovable.  proving the existence of god or any of the other items on your list is based on "x is y", where x is "god", for instance, and y is "does exist". once both x and y can be concisely and accurately defined, the statement can be verified  believing the existence of god or any other "x is y" statement is a matter of personal choice, and does not necessarily have to correspond with whether the statement is verifiable or not  hope thats a bit clearer
I never argued otherwise. What I'm confused about is it appears you argued that such beliefs, while based on faith, which you freely supplied a definition as being free of evidence, can be proved to be true based on evidence. In there my confusion rests.  lets say "pigs can fly" is a faith-based belief. whether the statement is true or not can be proven using logic. this is the case for any statement that is a faith-based statement. like i said, believing a statement based on faith is an individual issue. a faith believer can believe such a statement in the absence of supporting evidence. it doesnt mean that evidence regarding the statement cannot be found, it just means that to the indivdual with faith doesnt use evidence as a factor to hold on to the belief  a statement is a statement whether one believes it based on faith or not. for any value of x and y, "x is y" must either be true or false. this rule applies whether an individual believes the statement based on faith alone or not
Alright.   Okay. I think I understand, so really we can allegedly prove the existence of anything independent of any beliefs about it? I can accept that. Now how can you go about proving that God, a belief only found in faith, exists? the key to proving whether god exists is to come up with a concise and conclusive definition of god. after all, how can identify god if you don't even know what god is?   the reason why god's existence has never been proven or disproven is because god has never been conclusively defined. god has no characteristics or traits that can identify him. intrestingly enough, not even those that will argue for his existence can articulate what god is.   what leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and living care bears have in common is that they are defined so that they can be identified by the unique qualities based on these definitions. so statements concerning these things can be logically verified, because the "y" of these statements can be compared to the "x" logically  i tried this before, to get a definition of god. besides the myriad of default definitions like god is love or god is the creator of the world, one of the best definitions that derived was god is the greatest being possible. what was interesting was that such a being exists, so the existence of god per this definition was proven. however, believers were disgruntled that the definition was too limiting so that proof was thrown out the window and we were back to square one  proving god's existence is both simple and difficult. its as simple as coming up with a definition of god that everyone can agree on. and its as difficult as coming up with a definition of god that everyone can agree on
That which does not exist cannot be proven to exist.
What do you mean by characteristics or traits? As I recall, most religions have several key characteristics or traits that define their Gods.  actually, thats not true. ask 100 people to define god and youre likely to get 100 definitions, maybe more. most definitions are so vague and abstract that they are useless for any logical use. for example, omnipotent is a popular trait of god, but ask one what they mean by omnipotent, and it usually boils down from anything imaginable to anything possible. if an omnipotent god can only do what is possible, then god cannot travel faster than the speed of light, for example, because doing that is impossible. obviously, believers would object, so the definition would have to be revised. eventually youll find that there is no concise and conclusive definition of god  So how do we prove the existence of those?  pick one, give of link to the definition, and i'll prove it for you  Come again? How can we prove that a omnipotent God exists?  if we could settle on what "omnipotent god" is defined as, then yes, we could  Screw everyone. Can we prove that the Hindu Gods exist? sure! do you have a handy definition of a hindu god i could work with?  That which does not exist cannot be proven to exist. correct. you can only prove the existence of things that already exist. however, you can only determine the existence of something if it can be physically or at least conceptually identified, and you can only PROVE such existence if you can articulate these characteristics and concepts to others. thats why the definition is critical to the proof
whether you guys like it or not, the dating system is separated by the life of Christ.. You cant get around it.. Even if you change it, its obvious the reasons why you would change it (TRYING to deny the fact that it is actually around the life of Christ)  You cant get around this no matter what you say..  BC and AD are centered around Christ.....  The Chinese calendar isn't Jesus-centered. The year 2007 translates to the Chinese year 4704-4705. Nor the Jewish. The year 2007 translates to the Jewish year 5767-5768. Nor the Hindu. The year 2007 translates to Saka era 1928-1929. Nor the Islamic. The year 2007 translates to A.H. 1427-1428. What point are you trying to make? You understand the arbitrary nature of calendars, don't you?
Are we forgetting the Maya? How about Babylonian calenders?http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/2007-03-27-maya-2012_N.htm
as soon as i get that definition, i'll give you some proof. usually, this is where the debate stalemates...
lep·re·chaun (lpr-kn, -kôn) KEY   NOUN:   One of a race of elves in Irish folklore who can reveal hidden treasure to those who catch them.   by definition, a leprechaun is a figment of irish folklore. therefore leprechauns dont exist. qed
I don't believe I will.
If there were proof it wouldn't be a "belief" system.
Do you have proof that it wouldn't be a "belief" system?Very little in fact, if you can believe that?
I have never received an actual explanation for the doctrine of eternal damnation from anyone I've asked. It is something I struggled with before turning to Atheism, something I tried desperately to rationalize, and was one of the main points that LED to me becoming Atheist  Many Christians claim that their God is omnipotent/omniscient. They claim that their God is a god of compassion, love, and mercy. Yet, with all of this, they claim that God punishes all people who do not accept Jesus as their savior with eternal torment in Hell, i.e. the vast majority of mankind numbering into the billions.   What possible compassionate purpose can infinite torture have? The punishment doesn't even serve a remedial purpose because the tormented one is not allowed to repent. It's only conceivable purpose (to me at least) is sadism.   How is this not evil?  This thread is especially so I can her the thoughts of Christians on this and how they rationalize it, but anyone can feel free to chime in with observations, etc.
I'm not going to debate this with you but here is one explanation of the Doctrine of Hell from the Protestant perspective. Specifically the Calvinist perspective. And this isn't to say that I am a Calvinist either so don't make any assumptions. I read it though and agreed with it although I would have added some information it doesn't such as Hell was created for the devil and his angels, not man. We go there by choice.  Hey Archie, thanks for responding, albeit with a cut-and-paste. However, I have carefully read through this article, and I really do not see anywhere in it that does anything other than strengthen my argument that Hell cannot be reconciled with an omniscient, omnipotent God of love.   If it is in there, and I just did not see it, please direct me to the correct part of the article. I'd really appreciate a more personal response from you yourself in your own words on how you reconcile it. Thanks.   One thing DID stick out at me (something which only strengthens my argument):     THE NECESSITY OF HELL  3) Divine Justice. Even one sin against God calls for God to vindicate His name and His justice by punishing it as fully as it deserves. God can and will vindicate His justice. He promises to do so in Romans 12:19 where it says, "Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord. One of the greatest preachers that ever lived, Jonathan Edwards, wrote, "The glory of God is the greatest good; it is that which is the chief end of creation; it is of greater importance than anything else. But this is one way wherein God will glorify Himself, as in the eternal destruction of ungodly men He will glorify His justice. Therein He will appear as a just governor of the world. The vindictive justice of God will appear strict, exact, awful, and terrible, and therefore glorious."2     How does infinite torture equate with justice? What purpose does it serve other than for God's sadistic thrills watching his confused creations scream in torment?   If you told me that God punished people for some remedial purpose so that they can see the error of their ways, I might at least understand if not accept. If you told me that God simply snuffed out the creations that don't cut it with him, I can understand this as well. But simply torturing people for all eternity because they cannot make the leap of faith or were raised in another religion is just sick. It's a level of evil beyond what any mere mortal would be capable of.
Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is. This statement is guaranteed to turn an Agnostic into an Athiest every single time. Congratulations apostate.emoticon_xgood
I believe that people know, for the most part, when they do things which are wrong... Do you believe an Aztec priest about to make a human sacrifice 'knew' he was doing wrong? I rather suspect he 'knew' he was performing a devout and necessary act.
I'm not going to debate this with you but here is one explanation of the Doctrine of Hell from the Protestant perspective. Specifically the Calvinist perspective. And this isn't to say that I am a Calvinist either so don't make any assumptions. I read it though and agreed with it although I would have added some information it doesn't such as Hell was created for the devil and his angels, not man. We go there by choice.   THE DOCTRINE OF HELL  (Mat 13:49-50 KJV) So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just, {50} And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.  The doctrine of hell is one of the most neglected doctrines in all of Scripture. When hell is mentioned today, it is generally ridiculed, as if the whole idea of hell were so old-fashioned that only the naive and ignorant would really believe that such a place actually exists. This is not hard to understand. Natural men hate the idea of being held accountable for their lives to a holy God, because they love sin and do not wish to part with it. The carnal mind throws up objection after objection to the idea of hell because it does not want to face the reality of it. Men live their lives thinking that maybe if they ignore a difficulty long enough, it will go away. Even conservative religious leaders are now attacking hell.  Let men do what they will, the frivolous objections of the foolish will not do away with hell. Amid the clamour to annihilate hell, those who believe the Bible to be true must stand and speak. Your consideration of the terrors of hell may be one of the most important things you can do in this life. (Ezek 33:4 KJV) Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. Please, I implore you, invest the time it takes to read this chapter and book to the end.  Why should we be so concerned about hell? Why should we spend time reading about hell? There are several reasons why it is profitable to do so:  1) Hearing about the terrors of hell may shock your conscience and awaken you out of your false security.  2) Hearing about hell helps to deter men from committing sin. Both the godly and the ungodly are persuaded not to sin as much when they are regularly reminded of the terrors of hell.  3) Hearing about the terrors of hell may help to awaken those among us who may think they are saved because they believe in Christ or the facts of the gospel, but who are not really saved and are on their way to hell, but don't know it.  4) Preaching the doctrine of hell is profitable to both the godly and the ungodly alike, as will be demonstrated.  Why aren't people fearful of hell? There seems to be a real lack of fear today of the reality of hell. This applies to both those who are in the church and those who are in the world. People are not afraid of hell. Why? You would not be afraid of a lion when it is only painted in a picture upon a wall. Why is this? Because it is only a picture. You know that it is not real. But if you were left alone in a jungle and came face to face with a real lion that growled ferociously at you, you would be terrified. The consciences of men are much like the man who only views the painted lion.  We hear of hell in the Bible. We know that the Lord Jesus spoke of hell. In fact, Christ spoke more of hell than anyone else in the Scriptures. Why do men not believe hell is real? Because they do not hear enough about it. We don't study what the Scriptures say about hell. It is not just what we hear which makes up what we believe, it is what we don't hear as well which helps to form our belief system. Only the Spirit of God can present the terrors of hell to our hearts in such a way as to see them alive before us. The doctrine of hell has been used by God more often to the conversion of sinners than any other doctrine in the Scriptures. Pray now that as you read this chapter the Holy Spirit will set hell before you as real indeed.  THE NECESSITY OF HELL  Most who scoff at hell today probably do so for several reasons. Primary among them is a desire to pursue their own paths of sin without having their consciences troubled about the consequences of their actions. They do not want to hear that what they are doing is wrong. They do not want to hear that their sin will be punished. I can hear someone say, "But isn't eternal torment in hell inconsistent with a merciful and loving God? How could a good God punish people in hell forever?" A misunderstanding of the character of God and the nature of sin can easily lead to such questions. Why is hell necessary? Let us examine several reasons for the necessity of hell.  1) The Great Evil in Sin and the Holiness of God. The difficulty most people have in understanding the necessity of hell is related to an incomplete and inadequate understanding of both how awful sin is and how glorious God is. We do not see what a great evil is in the least sin, nor do we understand God's holiness, His justice, and His wrath. If we saw sin as the greatest evil in the world and realized that every sin is a rejection of God's rule over us, a sneering at Him, a shaking of our fist in His face, and a hurling of dung at Him, we would begin to understand a small bit of what our sin is like to God. Every time we sin, we either set ourselves, or a pet lust, up in our hearts as a rival god. Sin rejects the Creator as God and sets up the creature in His place. If we could comprehend God's holiness and what it means to be holy, pure, perfect, upright, and untainted by the least sin, we would have a better idea of why God hates sin so much. Absolute holiness cannot tolerate the least sin, Habakkuk 1:13 "Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and canst not look on iniquity: ..."  If we could understand the glorious holiness and purity of God and also the abominable nature of sin more, then we would have no problem with the absolute necessity of hell. (Jer 17:9 KJV) "The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?" The human heart is sick. The human heart is wicked. The human heart is deceitful. The corruption in the heart causes us to be deceived about the awfulness of sin as well as many other things.  2) God's Infinite Nature. In understanding what our sin is really like, we must view it through the eyes of God. God is an infinite, eternal being. Every act of sin is committed against an infinite, holy God. In every act of sin we dethrone God and set ourselves above God. In every sin this question is the issue, "Whose will shall be done, God's will or man's? Now, man by sin sets his own will above the Lord's, and so kicks God as filth under his feet."1 A single act of sin committed against a holy, infinite God deserves infinite punishment. It is an infinite evil to offend an infinite God even once.  3) Divine Justice. Even one sin against God calls for God to vindicate His name and His justice by punishing it as fully as it deserves. God can and will vindicate His justice. He promises to do so in Romans 12:19 where it says, "Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord. One of the greatest preachers that ever lived, Jonathan Edwards, wrote, "The glory of God is the greatest good; it is that which is the chief end of creation; it is of greater importance than anything else. But this is one way wherein God will glorify Himself, as in the eternal destruction of ungodly men He will glorify His justice. Therein He will appear as a just governor of the world. The vindictive justice of God will appear strict, exact, awful, and terrible, and therefore glorious."2  A DESCRIPTION OF HELL  Hell is a furnace of unquenchable fire, a place of everlasting punishment, where its victims are tormented in both their bodies and their minds in accordance with their sinful natures, their actual sins committed, and the amount of spiritual light given to them, which they rejected. Hell is a place from which God's mercy and goodness have been withdrawn, where God's wrath is revealed as a terrifying, consuming fire, and men live with unfulfilled lusts and desires in torment forever and ever.  In Matthew 13:47-50 the Lord Jesus tells a parable relating to the judgment. In verses 49-50, the Lord describes the fate of the wicked: "So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just, {50} And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth."  In examining these words of the Lord Jesus we should first notice that hell is described as being a furnace of fire. Nebuchadnezzar's furnace was heated seven times hotter than normal and is described as "a burning fiery furnace" (Daniel 3:23). John the Baptist spoke of "unquenchable fire" and Revelation describes hell as "a lake of fire burning with brimstone" (Revelation 19:20). Can we really imagine the horror of which these words speak? Imagine every part of your body on fire at the same time, so that every fiber of your being felt the intense torment of being burned. How long could you endure such punishment? Christ tells us that "there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth." The lost will wail and gnash their teeth from having to endure the most intense pain and suffering they have ever felt as the flames consume them and constantly burn every part of their bodies. And there will be no relief.  Jonathan Edwards describes in graphic language what the fires of hell will be like: "Some of you have seen buildings on fire; imagine therefore with yourselves, what a poor hand you would make at fighting with the flames, if you were in the midst of so great and fierce a fire. You have often seen a spider or some other noisome insect, when thrown into the midst of a fierce fire, and have observed how immediately it yields to the force of the flames. There is no long struggle, no fighting against the fire, no strength exerted to oppose the heat, or to fly from it; but it immediately stretches forth and yields; and the fire takes possession of it, and at once it becomes full of fire. Here is a little image of what you will be in hell, except you repent and fly to Christ. To encourage yourselves that you will set yourselves to bear hell-torments as well as you can, is just as if a worm, that is about to be thrown into a glowing furnace, should swell and fortify itself, and prepare itself to fight the flames."3 Hell is also described as a place of darkness. The Lord tells us of the guest without wedding clothes who was cast "into outer darkness" (Matthew 22:13). Jude writes of those in hell "to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness forever" (Jude 13). Christopher Love says in his work Hell's Terrors: "darkness is terrible, and men are more apt to fear in the dark then light: hell is therefore set forth in so terrible an expression, to make the hearts of men tremble; not only darkness, but the blackness of darkness" 4  Hell is compared to Tophet in Isaiah 30:33. Tophet was the place where the idolatrous Jews sacrificed their children to the heathen god Molech by casting them into the fire. Day and night shrieks and howls were heard in that place, as day and night shrieks, howls, and wailing are heard in hell. Isaiah speaks of "wood; the breath of the LORD, like a stream of brimstone, doth kindle it" setting hell ablaze. There is good evidence from the Scriptures that God Himself will be the fire in hell. Hebrews 12:29 says, "For our God is a consuming fire." The ungodly on earth ignorantly dance for joy when they hear pastors speak about the love and mercy of God, but they will be the beneficiaries of neither, unless they repent. To them God will be an all consuming fire. Hebrews 10:30-31 warns: "For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people. {31} It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God."  You shall not escape hell, sinner. God will be your hell and His wrath will consume you and be poured upon you as long as He exists. "(Psa 90:11 KJV) Who knoweth the power of thine anger?..." It is because God Himself will be the fire in hell that words cannot possibly express the terrors of the damned in hell. "There is no reason to suspect that possibly ministers set forth this matter beyond what it really is, that possibly it is not so dreadful and terrible as it is pretended, and that ministers strain the description of it beyond just bounds...We have rather reason to suppose that after we have said our utmost, all that we have said or thought is but a faint shadow of reality."5 In Luke 16:19-26 Christ tells us of two men. One of them was rich (he has traditionally been called Dives); the other man was poor (his name was Lazarus). Both men died. The poor man was carried by angels to heaven and the rich man went to hell. The rich man did not go to hell because he was rich, nor did the poor man go to heaven simply because he was poor. The Lord shows us through this contrast that our circumstances may change drastically when we pass from time into eternity. We are not to be fooled that just because God may not have dealt harshly with us here, that he will not do so after death. The eternal abiding place of both men resulted from the condition of their hearts before God, while they were on earth. Lazarus was a true follower of God. Dives was not. We want to carefully note what the Scriptures tell us about Dives and his condition, for from that we may learn much about hell. Verses 23-24 indicate to us that Dives is "in torment." What does it mean to be "in torment?" This torment refers to both torment in body and torment in soul as well. As we have seen, men's bodies will be tormented in a furnace of fire. Every part of the body will feel the pain of that fire. Men with severe stomach pains can be in great agony from that alone, but this pain will be far greater. Death from cancer is sometimes said to cause extreme pain in the body, but the pain of hell will be far worse. If your body were afflicted with many different and painful diseases all at the same time, you still would not begin to approach the pain of the damned in hell.  Men's consciences shall be in torment in hell as well. Conscience is the worm that will not die which the Scriptures speak of (Mark 9:48; Isaiah 66:24). Dives is told to "remember that during your life." Men will be tormented with extreme pain, but they will also be tormented by their own memories. They will remember hearing of hell and scoffing at it. They will remember being warned and told to repent or told that accepting the blessings of heaven without submitting to Christ as Lord falls short of salvation, but they took no heed to those warnings. They will be tormented by seeing at a distance the glories of heaven (as Dives was able to do), and knowing that for all eternity they will be damned. They will be tormented by unfulfilled desires and unfulfilled lusts (Dives is not able to receive even a drop of water to cool his tongue). They will be tormented by the knowledge that they will never escape from hell (Dives is told that "neither can you pass to us"). They will be tormented by the cries, shrieks, and curses of the damned around them. The most extreme torments a man can experience on earth will be like flea bites compared to the torments of hell.  Jonathan Edwards speaks of men unable to find even a moment of relief in hell in his sermon on The Future Punishment of the Wicked: "Nor will they ever be able to find anything to relieve them in hell. They will never find any resting place there; any secret corner, which will be cooler than the rest, where they may have a little respite, a small abatement of the extremity of their torment. They never will be able to find any cooling stream or fountain, in any part of that world of torment; no, nor so much as a drop of water to cool their tongues. They will find no company to give them any comfort, or do them the least good. They will find no place, where they can remain, and rest, and take breath for one minute: for they will be tormented with fire and brimstone; and they will have no rest day nor night forever and ever."6  THE ETERNITY OF HELL  The most terrifying aspect of all about hell is its length or duration. Hell is eternal. Hell will last forever. Can you comprehend eternity? No mathematical equation or formula can explain it. Your mind cannot conceive of eternity, but it is none the less real. This aspect of hell alone should cause men to cry out in repentance. It is not surprising that skeptics of all ages have attacked the eternal nature of hell, substituting doctrines like the annihilation of the wicked in its place.  Let us look at the Scriptures to verify the eternal nature of hell and to try and understand eternity better. Then we will explore why hell must be eternal. (Rev 20:10 KJV) And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever. This verse clearly gives us the duration of hell. Hell is forever and ever. How could a stronger, more certain expression be used? If the Spirit of God wanted to communicate the eternal nature of hell to men what could communicate it better than the expression "forever and ever?" The Scripture has no higher expression which is used to denote eternity than "forever and ever" for it is the very phrase used to tell us of the eternal existence of God Himself, as in Revelation 4:9: "to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,"  Does anyone doubt that God will live to all eternity? How then can you doubt that hell will not last to all eternity when the same expression is used for both? "We can conceive but little of the matter; but to help your conception, imagine yourself to be cast into a fiery oven, or a great furnace, where your pain would be as much greater than that occasioned by accidentally touching a coal of fire, as the heat is greater. Imagine also that your body were to lie there for a quarter of an hour, full of fire, and all the while full of quick sense; what horror would you feel at the entrance of such a furnace! and how long would that quarter of an hour seem to you! And after you had endured it for one minute, how overbearing would it be to you to think that you had to endure the other fourteen! But what would be the effect on your soul, if you knew you must lie there enduring that torment to the full for twenty-four hours...for a whole year...for a thousand years! Oh, then, how would your hearts sink, if you knew, that you must bear it forever and ever! that there would be no end! that after millions of millions of ages, your torment would be no nearer to an end, and that you never, never should be delivered! But your torment in hell will be immensely greater than this illustration represents."7  Christ, describing the great day of judgment, tells of the separation of the wicked and the righteous using these words: "(Mat 25:46 KJV) And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal." Is there anyone who would deny that heaven exists eternally? Will the lives of the blessed in heaven be brought to an end one day? Of course not. But the same Greek word is used here in this verse to speak of the eternal life of the righteous and the everlasting punishment of the wicked.  Hell will last as long as heaven does. In hell there will be different degrees of torment appointed to men as indicated by a number of Scriptures. Luke 12:47-48 says: "And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes. {48} But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes...."  Christ says in Matthew 11:24: "But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee.  The verses in Matthew indicate that the people in Capernaum will receive a greater punishment on judgment day than those who had lived in Sodom. The verses in Luke speak of a differentiation in judgment based on the amount of light received: some will receive many stripes and others will receive few. Those who commit greater sins than others or more sins than others will receive greater punishment in hell (John 19:11). Religious hypocrites, those who profess Christianity but are not real Christians, will be punished more severely than others (Matthew 23:14-15). The Lord said of Judas Iscariot, "it had been good for that man if he had not been born." (Matthew 26:24). How could any of these things be said to be true if annihilation were what awaited men after death? The presence of different degrees of punishment only makes sense in light of the ability to sensibly feel the torment. Could it be said that it would have been better for Judas if he had never been born if annihilation was all that awaited him?  Annihilation is like no punishment at all. Each time the unbeliever sins he is adding to his torment in hell. The person who sins twice as much as another with similar light will receive twice as much punishment. Every day that sinners continue to live and breathe here on earth without repenting, they are adding to their torments in hell. Romans 2:5 tells us: "But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;"  The Lord Jesus encouraged the righteous to lay up treasures in heaven rather than on earth. The wicked are increasing their future wrath and torment in hell every day by their continued sinning. They add to their punishment daily. In hell men will wish that they had never been born. Charles Haddon Spurgeon said: "In hell there is no hope. They have not even the hope of dying--the hope of being annihilated. They are forever--forever--forever lost! On every chain in hell, there is written "forever". In the fires there, blaze out the words, "forever". Above their heads, they read, "forever". Their eyes are galled and their hearts are pained with the thought that it is "forever". Oh, if I could tell you tonight that hell would one day be burned out, and that those who were lost might be saved, there would be a jubilee in hell at the very thought of it. But it cannot be--it is "forever" they are cast into the outer darkness."8  Christopher Love uses an illustration to try and help us understand what eternity means: "Suppose all the mountains of the earth were mountains of sand, and many more mountains still added thereto, till they reached up to heaven, and a little bird should once in every thousand years take one (grain of) sand of this mountain, there would be an innumerable company of years pass over before that mass of sand would be consumed and taken away, and yet this time would have an end; and it would be happy for man, if hell were no longer than this time; but this is man's misery in hell, he shall be in no more hope of coming out after he hath been there millions of years, then he was when he was first cast in there; for his torments shall be to eternity, without end, because the God that damns him is eternal."9 Earlier we looked at the necessity of hell or why there must be a place like hell. Now we will look at why hell must not only exist, but why it must exist eternally.  Why is it necessary that hell be eternal? There are several answers to this which we shall explore briefly. The first reason we will look at is the one mentioned by Christopher Love in the passage just quoted. The God who damns men is an eternal God. "Ultimately the eternality of hell is based upon the nature of God."10 Is God's Word eternal? Is God's nature eternal? The Scripture tells us: "(Heb 13:8 KJV) Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.  (Psa 111:3 KJV) "His work is honourable and glorious: and his righteousness endureth for ever."  1 Pet. 1:25 "....But the word of the Lord endureth for ever."  If God's Word is eternal, if God's righteousness is eternal, if God Himself is eternal, then why shouldn't His wrath be eternal as well? As eternally existent, all of God's attributes are eternal and immutable; therefore, hell, as an expression of God's wrath, must be eternal. Hell must be eternal because God's justice could never be satisfied by the punishment of sinners no matter how long it lasts.  Christ makes this clear when He speaks about settling with your accuser before you get to court, otherwise you shall be cast into prison and "I tell thee, thou shalt not depart thence, till thou hast paid the very last mite" (Luke 12:59). Man can do nothing to pay for his sins. No amount of punishment in hell, no matter how long, can ever atone for sins. It is impossible; therefore, hell must be eternal.  Thirdly, hell must be eternal because the Scriptures tell us that the worm which gnaws the conscience of men in hell never dies. "for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched..." (Isaiah 66:24). If the worm never dies, then those being tormented by the worm shall never die. Lastly, hell will be eternal because men continue to sin in hell. They increase and compound their guilt there. Hell is a place where tormented men curse God, curse themselves, and scream and wail with blasphemous language at their fellow men around them. Wicked men will increase each other's torments as they accuse, blame, and condemn one another. Men will not repent in hell because the character of sinners does not change. They remain sinners. Men will sin to eternity, therefore, God will punish them eternally.  APPLICATION TO BELIEVERS AND UNBELIEVERS  The Old Testament prophets warn us repeatedly of the dangers of hell: "Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings?" (Isaiah 33:14, KJV). "(Nahum 1:6 KJV) Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him."  Sinner, are you so arrogant as to think you can bear the wrath of God poured out in full measure upon you? You may think that hell is not so hot and that you will be able to bear it quite well. If you believe that you are more than a fool. The terrors of hell cause the devils to tremble and are you so foolish as to be unmoved by them or make light of them?  Do not think that simply because you go to church, or believe in God, or believe intellectually in the truths of Christianity that you will escape hell. The majority of those who regularly attend churches every week, all over the world, will go to hell. Thomas Shepard, pastor and founder of Harvard University, wrote: "Formal professors and carnal gospelers have a thing like faith, and like sorrow, and like true repentance, and like good desires, but yet they be but pictures; they deceive others and themselves too...most of them that live in the church shall perish."11 You who profess to be Christians, but do not read your Bible much and pray little: how shall you escape the damnation of hell? You who are not especially bothered by little sins or troubled by the vain and filthy thoughts which you have: are you ready to go to hell? You who think the kingdom of God consists in a verbal profession of Christ or intellectually believing that Jesus died for your sins, but who are not concerned with living a holy, godly life and give little or no thought to God during the week: are you prepared to endure the torments of hell, day and night, forever and ever? You had better be, because if these things are true of you, you are headed straight for hell, unless you repent. Do not delude yourself!  Christianity does not consist in words, or pious statements, or mere intellectual belief, but in a new heart and a new life dedicated to not sinning and living for the glory of God. If your heart and life have not been changed by God, you are still in your sins. If you are living in known disobedience to the word of God and are unconcerned about it, you have no right to assume you are going to heaven: you are on your way to hell! Repent of all your sins and turn to Jesus Christ and surrender to Him as Lord. Listen to the words of Christ: "(Mat 18:9 KJV) And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.  "Nothing short of the complete denying of self, the abandoning of the dearest idol, the forsaking of the most cherished sinful course--figuratively represented under the cutting off of a right hand and the plucking out of a right eye--is what He claims from every one who would have true communion with Him."12 But remember, the difficulty involved in forsaking all for Christ is nothing compared to spending eternity in hell. I do not believe anyone can be scared into heaven, but I do believe they can be scared away from hell, so that they might begin to seek God with all their hearts, and to beg Christ to have mercy on them. Men stand on the brink of the pit of hell and are ready to fall headlong into it and yet they are completely unaware they are in any danger. If hearing about hell can cause otherwise senseless men to consider eternal truths, then preaching about hell is valuable indeed. It is better to view hell now, while you are living, and be terrified by it, than to have to endure hell forever when you die.  I would not have you to be more afraid of hell than of sin. Sin is your real enemy. Sin is worse than hell because sin gave birth to hell. Would you be willing to go to hell for all eternity for the enjoyment of a little pleasure and lust here on earth? Flee from sin! Flee from living for self and self-pleasing to Jesus Christ. When you die it will be to late. All opportunity to repent ends at death. This doctrine is useful to the godly as well as the ungodly. The doctrine of hell should stir up within the righteous a fear of God. A godly fear is useful in many ways. The one who has a fear of God in his heart has a greater respect for the commandments of God. He who truly fears God will not fear men and would rather displease men than God (Isaiah 8:12-13).  This doctrine should increase your faithfulness and joy in Christ that you have been delivered from the torments of hell and should likewise increase your love for Christ who endured the wrath of God upon the cross for you. The doctrine of hell should stir up within you a fear of sin. It should cause us to fear even little sins and be careful to confess and forsake sins of the heart and thought life also. Let the doctrine of hell keep you from the practice of sin.  The doctrine of hell should help the godly to be patient under all outward, temporary afflictions which come to them. No matter how great your afflictions are in this world, they are far less than the torments of hell from which the Lord has freed the godly. You may have to undergo lesser torments while on earth, but remember they are only temporary and you have been freed from the greatest of all torments so you may rejoice even in a time of affliction.  This doctrine is useful to motivate you to tell others of the message of Christ. Eryl Davies wrote in his book The Wrath of God: "The eternity of hell's sufferings should make us the more zealous and eager to tell people of the only One who is able to rescue them. Do we shrink from declaring these solemn truths? Does the thought of hell displease us? Remember that God will be glorified even through the eternal sufferings of unbelievers in hell. His injured majesty will be vindicated...What is supreme in the purpose of God in the election and reprobation of men is His own glory, and hell also will glorify the justice, power, and wrath of God throughout eternity. In the meantime it is our responsibility to pray and work for the salvation of sinners before such awful punishment overtakes them."13  I cannot leave without one final word to those who think they are converted, but are not; and also, to those who know themselves to be unconverted. Can you conceive of eternity? Stop now and try to imagine being tormented unceasingly, forever, without end. Does this not terrify you? Never a chance for a moment's rest. Never a drop of water to cool your parched throat. Think again of how long eternity is. Try to imagine it: day and night, forever and ever, burned with fire like a spider in a furnace of flames. Shrieking, howling, wailing, cursing the day you were born, and being cursed by the devils and damned souls around you eternally. Remembering, forever remembering, how you were warned on earth and how you ignored those warnings: self-satisfied and self-deceived that all was well with your soul. Job's wife told him to curse God and die. Unless you repent and flee to Jesus Christ, who is your only hope, you shall curse God eternally and be tormented by Him in His presence in the awful fullness of His wrath, and you shall never die. You shall never die. You shall never die! Eternity is forever!  http://www.scionofzion.com/hell2.htm  First of all, the god that you are describing makes Hitler look like a Disney character. I would want nothing to do with such a God. He seems heartless and evil, that he would commit such crimes against humanity. God gave us the urges to sin. If we didn't have urges to sin, sin would be rare! I don't know what kind of evil creature would attempt to force sentient beings to suffer like this. What about different cultures? They were taught that some things are right, while you are taught they are wrong. Who is right? And why would god pick sides?
Agreed, or at the very least he BELIEVED he was doing the right thing. How is his 'believing' different from your 'knowing'? As do radical islamic suicide bombers and even christians who blow up abortion clinics or kill abortion dr's. But they are all wrong in what they do if they are attempting to justify killing in Gods name. But if I could tardis my hypothetical Aztec priest onto this discussion board, he'd argue with equal vehemence and certainty that you are wrong in trying to forbid him to kill in Quetzalcoatl's name. How do I distinguish between you?
Because I neither condone or encourage the killing of anyone in my Gods name. But my Aztec friend says the true god - Quetzalcoatl - wants people killed in his name. Why should I believe you over him? Just because someone claims to be serving God, it doesn't mean they are. Exactly. And we are to discern the truth from a lie so we aren't deceived by the enemies of God and Man. Way to go, AA. And my Aztec would echo that to the letter.  Sorry, I still can't see how I'm to tell you apart on objective grounds.
John, there a couple of major differences that you neglect. Huck, good to hear from you again. Your last message to me was along the lines that you were going to ignore my posts in future: glad you've changed your mind. Christians are largely charitable and loving. I see very few aztec charities. In fact, the aztec religion was far more about power grabbing. Jesus called people to be humble. Not that they all are, but it is one of the largest tenets of the religion. Agreed; but what objective evidence do we have that being humble is intrinsically more holy than power grabbing? Yahweh (according to you) says the one; Quetzalcoatl (according to my Aztec colleague) says the other. Who's to say - impartially - which one is right? Secondly, there is no evidence of aztec gods existence. None. Not that there are not claims but no actual evidence at all. There is some, albeit small, evidence of the christian god, specifically Jesus. Then there is exactly as much evidence for any religion that has ever been represented by a charismatic preacher who claimed direct contact with the deity. (I think that's most.)  Got to go now - will be back later.
Not quite. Jesus actually claimed to be god not just in contact with him. One of the greatest evidences of the existence of jesus and the truth of those documents (new testament and old) is that the cloud of witnesses for such things is largely women. At that time, no one could be convicted of a crime based on the testimony of women let alone to indicate the truth of a story. Women were property and had zero standing. Take a look at the other major religions. Judaism, islam, etc. None of them are based on the testimony of women. If I were a person of that age trying to convince someone of my claim knowing that it was false, I would not have used women to make the claim.   Why, I have seen claims there are witnesses, from writings decades later, but, I haven't seen any evidence those claims of witnesses were true. A claim there was a witness from 40 to 50 years after the fact is not evidence at all.
Josephus, a respected yet independent historian of the day who wasn't a believer per se... Oh, but he was: a Jewish believer. That is one reason why most scholars regard the words you emboldened as a later interpolation: they would have been blasphemy in the mouth of a believing Jew.
Oh, but he was: a Jewish believer. That is one reason why most scholars regard the words you emboldened as a later interpolation: they would have been blasphemy in the mouth of a believing Jew.  I always find it hilarious when people like Archie use Josephus. They cling desperately to some of his claims, which seem to support them, but then utterly reject others that don't fit with their precious Bible.  For example, do you think Archie would agree with Josephus here on his "account" of the Global Fludde(TM)? : 6. Now all the writers of barbarian histories make mention of this flood, and of this ark; among whom is Berosus the Chaldean. For when he is describing the circumstances of the flood, he goes on thus: "It is said there is still some part of this ship in Armenia, at the mountain of the Cordyaeans; and that some people carry off pieces of the bitumen, which they take away, and use chiefly as amulets for the averting of mischiefs." Hieronymus the Egyptian also, who wrote the Phoenician Antiquities, and Mnaseas, and a great many more, make mention of the same. Nay, Nicolaus of Damascus, in his ninety-sixth book, hath a particular relation about them; where he speaks thus: "There is a great mountain in Armenia, over Minyas, called Baris, upon which it is reported that many who fled at the time of the Deluge were saved; and that one who was carried in an ark came on shore upon the top of it; and that the remains of the timber were a great while preserved. This might be the man about whom Moses the legislator of the Jews wrote."  ...  CHAPTER 4.   CONCERNING THE TOWER OF BABYLON, AND THE CONFUSION OF TONGUES.   1. Now the sons of Noah were three, - Shem, Japhet, and Ham, born one hundred years before the Deluge. These first of all descended from the mountains into the plains, and fixed their habitation there; and persuaded others who were greatly afraid of the lower grounds on account of the flood, and so were very loath to come down from the higher places, to venture to follow their examples.  http://www.ccel.org/j/josephus/works/ant-1.htm
The question remains, then why would an objective Jewish historian report on a non-existent cult figures existence as if he were a real historical figure if in fact Jesus was the product of some huge conspiracy to create a false Religion ? The answer remains, he didn't: the passage in question was a later interpolation.
So produce hard evidence that what you're saying is factual if you can please.You make me laugh daily. Thanks.
The only way to understand the questions you have is to accept the bible. If you do not accept the bible as the word of God you will never receive reasonable answers.  In my opinion, it is by accepting the Bible as the "Word of God' you get lots of unreasonable answers. You get answers to questions that don't make sense.
Did "Santa" exist? King Arthur? I'm sure they existed in some sense, but not in the full sense their respective mythologies grant them.
No one by the NAME of 'Jesus' EVER existed. Fact.  What you're doing is worshiping someone by a different name than He was given.  No different that calling your Messiah Bill even though his given name was Phillip. So, tell me, how much do you love your Personal, and friendly God when you can't even get His name right?  "Depart from me...for I know not who you are."
No one by the NAME of 'Jesus' EVER existed. Fact.  Actually quite a common name in South America... but I know what you mean.emoticon_xgood
How about for starters that the letter J never existed in the cultures He was named in?  Yahshua being the more accurate pronunciation of His name. In Greek, it was Iesous which was further corrupted in Latin to Iesus...finally, someone later dropped in the J for Jesus.
And here is Jesus; Jesus Ramirez (59) from Colombia... http://www.chfhq.org/content/general/detail/2805
Nope, just proving how ignorant His followers often are.  The closest translation to that would be 'Joshua'. What you're proposing isn't the closest thing to the original...it's a corruption of a corruption of a corruption of a cop out for being too lazy for using the Original. Why would Peter and Paul and all others who wrote the NT. not use His real name?  And, speaking about the name...what ever happened to the simple Emanuel??? That's in there too.   Personally, if the guy existed, the main reason He doesn't answer prayers would be because you're praying to the wrong person. Not much of a 'friendship' if you can't even get His name right.
What has that to do with anything?  There are many cultures and languages where there are no corresponding letters.  They adopt the one closest to the original.  I suppose you are just trying to be clever clever.  The name JESUS was not used in Judah in the first century. So, it is accurate.  The name would have been Y'shua. So, technically that is correct.  I will say there is no objective evidence from within 50 years of the alleged execution of Jesus that he existed.
What would satisfy you as objective evidence ?   A secular reference that is not a forgery for one. A reference from a historian about this preacher. If the ossuary of James didn't turn out to be a forgery, that would have been strong evidence. But, it was faked.  Basically, any reference that is not in the religious writings that can be dated from before 83 c.e.
Arch, considering the Jews were under the authority of Roman occupation and the Romans were well known for their acceptance of conquored peoples to continue believing as they wished...so long as the taxes flowed...I doubt the Jews had much power to do anything...especially to a religion that spread to the Gentiles and beyond their own borders. They did (according to the bible) seek to kill the Messiah (and succeeded accordiong to the bible) and Saul (prior to Paul) is noted as persecuting and killing some.  As to His proper name. He has many titles. Don't you think you'd honor and show respect more though by calling on your Messiah by his proper name? Couldn't it be possible that the hand of the ever seductive and decietful Satan is behind the notion that you don't need to call on the proper dieties name...close is good enough...just like it's good enough to get into heaven. Close is good enough.  Praise Baal right?
Nonsense, Zardoz!   There were dozens, if not hundreds of persons named Jesus in the so-called "time" of Jesus, locale Nazareth, etc.  The problem is, was one particular Jesus THE Jesus or is our Jesus a collectivized version of the many Jesuses who existed?  To be more accurate, there were dozens to hundred by the name that has been "translated" (incorrectly - the more accurate translation would be Joshua, as Zardoz has pointed out) into the name now referred to as "Jesus".  Otherwise, your statement is true - just a bit of nitpicking on my part.
Nonsense, Zardoz!   There were dozens, if not hundreds of persons named Jesus in the so-called "time" of Jesus, locale Nazareth, etc.  The problem is, was one particular Jesus THE Jesus or is our Jesus a collectivized version of the many Jesuses who existed?  Simone dear, this is linguistics and history. There was no one NAMED Jesus for the reasons I cited.  What you're confused with is that there were MANY people with the same name 'Yahshua' as he had. All archaeologist do is 'translate' it to what we use now to stress the point.  Their alphabets then didn't even contain J's.  @ Arch, The 'Christians' weren't a threat until MUCH later in history to the Roman empire. I think you muddle the time line for a couple of hundred years post A.D. there.  As for people doing silly things...Look at Jim Jones. Nice Charismatic person there who led hundreds to death. Look as the apostate pseudo Christian movement of the Word of Faith...a qualifier to being a pastor seems to be to have the charm of a used car salesman. When you start them off young with brain washing, it often sticks. And we only focus on those who were killed spectacularly...not those who recanted. Not many chose to die for a known lie (some do though) but if they don't know it's a lie...  As to the name issue again...you're interjecting your beliefs and wishes upon your God. You really shouldn't do that...your bible says so. And if you think I'm a servent of Satan, then you really should heed my advice. Call your God by His name...now a made up one.  But I find your logic to be lacking. I request you to call your God by his true name and I'm accused of being Satanic for that.  Same as with the tongues issue. I point out where babbling isn't the Gift of the Holy spirit but speaking in a Foreign Language is is...and I'm Satanic. I use plenty of scripture to support my case. I even support your commentary (IN context of Christianity) and I'm still satanic.  Basically, anyone who knows or beleives anything different to your narrow interpretations (unsupported by scripture, biblica and relative history) is satanic.  What ever Arch. Go on calling upong the name Jesus. It's close to the real thing...according to you. Might as well call him Mr. Apple Sunshine Moonbeam...or Baal. It's all 'close'. And close is all you need in anything right?  Tell me how close does one need to be to find the narrow path to the gates of heaven?  And Y'Shua translated to ENGLISH from the original Hebrew would be Joshua. WOW! They almost sound the same too!
Nonsense, Zardoz!   There were dozens, if not hundreds of persons named Jesus in the so-called "time" of Jesus, locale Nazareth, etc.  The problem is, was one particular Jesus THE Jesus or is our Jesus a collectivized version of the many Jesuses who existed?  Absolutely true (given SP's qualifying statement as well).  Why, we have:  "Jesus" ben Phiabi.  "Jesus" ben Sec.  "Jesus" ben Gamaliel.   "Jesus" ben Sirach.   "Jesus" ben Pandira.   "Jesus" ben Ananias.   "Jesus" ben Saphat.   "Jesus" ben Gamala.   "Jesus" ben Thebuth.  "Jesus" ben Damneus.   Then, very interestingly, from the NT itself we have "Jesus" Barabbas (Guess what? Bar Abba in Hebrew means 'Son of the Father'. For those who don't know, check out the criminal released in the tale of "Jesus'" trial) Are we to believe that Pilate had a "Jesus", Son of God and a "Jesus", Son of the Father in his prison at the same time??!! Sounds fishy if you ask me.  Anyway, those are just a few.  On that note, I'd like to bring up something that I had not thought of until a friend of mine mentioned it to me: who recorded the "last prayers" of the condemned "Jesus" in the garden?  According to the account, anyone that could have recorded it were sleeping:  'And he said, "Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt." And he cometh, and findeth them sleeping, and saith unto Peter, "Simon, sleepest thou? Couldest not thou watch one hour? Watch ye and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak." And again he went away, and prayed, and spake the same words. And when he returned, he found them asleep again, (for their eyes were heavy,) neither wist they what to answer him. And he cometh the third time, and saith unto them, "Sleep on now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hour is come; behold, the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners."  - Mark 14.36,41  The only thing I'm suprised at here is the fact that I didn't notice this myself!
On that note, I'd like to bring up something that I had not thought of until a friend of mine mentioned it to me: who recorded the "last prayers" of the condemned "Jesus" in the garden?  According to the account, anyone that could have recorded it were sleeping:    /tangent.  Yep. Odd isn't it. Chalk it up to 'divine revelation inspiring the hand of the writer'.  Of course, that's not the answer I've ever gotten from any preacher.  On a related issue to this...try discussing it with a Oneness Pentecostal preacher. They're the ones who deny any trinity aspect of God. (Yes, I have done so.)  "Who was He praying to then? Himself?"  Oh the hilarity at times.
 The fact that Christianity flourishes some 2000 years after His time is evidence enough that he existed.   The persistence of Christianity is no evidence of the existence of anything. It is only evidence that humans tend to persistently believe such things. I am not arguing for or against the existence of some guy, only that the longevity of a belief has nothing to do with its veracity.
 ...we have some radical and determined atheists around here ...  ...there are quite a few of these radical atheists.  Can you explain what a non-radical atheist would be like?
To deny that He existed is ludicrous. The fact that Christianity flourishes some 2000 years after His time is evidence enough that he existed.  Just exactly what His name was at the time of His living here is questionable...but doesn't matter in the least.  To deny that the earth is flat is ludicrous. The fact that the belief in the flat earth fourishes still, over 2000 years (well over if it is truethat Sumerian beliefs were of a flat earth), is evidence enough that it is correct.   Sorry, Jim's, but as thelmoose pointed out, the longevity of a belief has nothing to do with its veracity.
Thank you, Brother Archangel.  Thank you for the warning - I can already see by most of the posts of this thread that there are quite a few of these radical atheists who are in denial even of the very existence of their Savior.  I agree with you - Jesus/Yeshua's name is really irrelevant - God knows who we are talking to, and that is what is important.  Great Galloping Green Gopher Gallbladders! Archie has had a clone made of himself!
Now taking bets that EDO's version of evangelicalism won't be the same as Archangels version.  Come on, step up, 10 to 1 odds starting out!   I also think the flippant attitude believers have over the correct name of their one true Messiah and behaving in a lax manner towards it yet getting their panties in a bunch over other 'paths' to heresy.  Yeah, "God knows all." If so, why bother praying or doing much of anyhing? And once again, if you're going to offer praise, why not place it accuratly where it belongs?  Jesus/Yeshua's name is really irrelevant - God knows who we are talking to, and that is what is important.  Can you provide scriptue to back this up?  Becasue as I posit, if it's really irrelevant, why can't I simply say Baal or Nergal or Joey Buttafucco when I pray. Seems to me that you guys are pushing the notion that names are unimportant.
 It is interesting to me though how religion has stifled scientific progress with its insistence that the earth was the center of things and that the sun went round the earth daily. I don't know that this thought is suggested in the Bible, but it was the Pope and his gang of thieves that kept the world from knowing the truth about it for so many years...I suppose from fear of being exposed as having been in error. Gallileo spent years in confinement because of his beliefs. Copernicus kept some of his thoughts written in code rather than risk punishment at the hands of the 'infallible' religious leaders of the day.  It is this similar insistence that creation took only six days that confuses those religious people who pay attention to scientific facts and proven fossil dating methods. That is why I am convinced that the six day creation description comes from poetic license..if you will..wherein the story is understandable in these terms and not so easily grasped if the timelines were technically correct.  God created all this in six easy steps..called 'days' in the Bible..each being a lot longer than what we call a day today. As a matter of fact, I think the first 'day' came before the separation of nighttime from daylight hours so when He was doing the first 'day's work', our current concept of one day did not exist.  'Day' is more of a concept in biblical language. It's not a literal day as most try to make it out.  In the beginning was darkness and then He said let there be light. He then seperated light from dark and called it a day. (No sun yet) Then he made the earth and seas. Later he made things on the earth and the stars in the heaven.  It's simplistic logic (Not the Popes artifice) to think that if the earth were created prior to the Sun, and it's important as the home of mankind, then it would stand to reason that it's the center of things.  Along the lines of 'your home is the center point of your life, not the decorations that go inside nor the shrubbery on the outside.  Of course, it was known that this notion wasn't true...but, if you witness Arch, anyone who contradicts is a satanic heretic. And why believe the beliefs of pagans and heretics?  Also, if Humanity on earth weren't the center of God's made up universe...then that means We might not be as important as the bible leads us to believe. And if we're not at the center of things (inc. Gods love) then maybe someone else is...on another planet. Man, can you imagine the jealousy that could cause?   Anyway, in all likelihood, someone lived that started this all.* If he is then as he's believed to be now... But, last I know, Elvis and Hitler still are discussed with details of their documented lives being fought over.  *Did you know that there have been documented cases of 'war heroes' who are noted for their um...heroism. Yet, in truth they never existed. Simple propaganda. Done at the hands of those who had a decent level of control. Communist did this.  Is it a streatch of the imagination to think that a totalitarianish theocracy that engaged in such bloodshed as the Catholic Church did would be above such things? At times, their criteria for miracles stretches the imagination.
Great Galloping Green Gopher Gallbladders! Archie has had a clone made of himself!  Ah, but that would require him to accept that genetic information is the basis for who we are... In any case Archie was a clone of EZ to start with, it's just another mass-produced brainwashed drone with standard pattern template views and one-size-fits-all opinions. They'll come free in packets of cornflakes soon.
Yeshua is a more accurate pronounciation.  There is little acceptance that it was ever "Yahshua" among scholars  We're talking ENGLISH here...not 'accuracy' There is no word or name 'Yeshua' in English. Furthermore, It's doubtful that a Hebrew would use a greek title for a name. The name Yahshua or Yeshua means God Saves in Hebrew...which seems to fit the bill.    Furthermore, you 'link' isn't 'proof' and considering how accurate this guy was on Y2K and end-time prophesy...he seems to rank up there with some who might need a good stoneing. Seems mostly like an apocalypse pimp. I think I may have even read some of his books.  @Arch, loving the TRUTH isn't the same as loving Facts. Truth is subjective and ever changing to our limited understandings. Furthermore, there is ample evidence of others who have died for similar reasons who were NOT Christians. So, dying for your casue and beliefs really isn't any 'proof'. I could describe the Muslim fanatics the same Pliny did.
Better cornflakes than terminal Michael Moore Kool Aid syndrome, like a good many Christ deniers have. But then I haven't checked Michael Moore's temperature lately so many he's come out of his funk.  And who was is that said, "Truth is subjective"? Zardoz? Are they ABSOLUTELY sure of that or just RELATIVELY / SUBJECTIVELY sure?   Anyway, keep studying. It might come to you in time!  Jesus IS LORD!  Holy bloody :xcensoreding Jesus Christ wearing a garter belt!  What the :xcensoreding hell is this thread - exhibit of lunatic "Christians"?  We have Archangel, Benjamin, EDO, and now EZboy himself has come out of retirement for an appearance.  On that note, Holy :xcensored, it appears that EZ is back, at least for a visit - may God save us all!
 And who was is that said, "Truth is subjective"? Zardoz? Are they ABSOLUTELY sure of that or just RELATIVELY / SUBJECTIVELY sure?    Silly comment. You can be absolutly sure about 'anything'. Doesn't mean that 'anything' is an absolute though. emoticon_rolleyes And later, those absolute beliefs can change. I wouldn't doubt that as an evangelical, you believe in additional revelation. That, your attitudes about your own faith have changed over your life. Your kind would call it being a 'Babe in Christ' and then, 'Maturing in Christ'. Your bible is rife with these analogies. Things change, perceptions do to. If you're lucky, you might even change...evolve past the need to have a make believe diety to believe in.  Or, do you really want me to believe that Christians died for an absolute reality? If so, then simular circumstances apply for others like Heaven's Gate, Jones' Town, JW's during the Holocaust...  Anyone can be a fanatic, living, killing and dying for their beliefs. Those beliefs don't have to be true in any sense.
http://www.grantjeffrey.com/article/historicalev.htm  Here is irrefutable evidence for the exisyence of Jesus Christ.  Also Jesus is simply an english translation of the Greek.   Sorry, but that 'evidence' has been refuted.
Show me where. I don't believe it.   There mere fact that Jeffery Grant does not present any secular evidence from before 60 years after the alleged execution of Jesus is refuting of enough.  That, and the making of unsupported claims is not 'evidence' at all.
Better cornflakes than terminal Michael Moore Kool Aid syndrome, like a good many Christ deniers have. But then I haven't checked Michael Moore's temperature lately so many he's come out of his funk.  And who was is that said, "Truth is subjective"? Zardoz? Are they ABSOLUTELY sure of that or just RELATIVELY / SUBJECTIVELY sure?   Anyway, keep studying. It might come to you in time!  Jesus IS LORD!  emoticon_wow Good grief, where did he resurect himself from??? It's like one of those films where the murderer comes back and has another go after he'd been done in. Alas, he posts some untranslatable Amercanisms rendering himself untelligable, but there you go...
... We believe that the bible only tells Gods story and was written by man and it is not to be taken literally. So yes Jesus existed, he was crucified and died for us. It was a gift and once baptized, at any age, you don't have to do anything. Infact everyone in the world is under Gods grace wether they want it, or know it... Was the Bible written by man under inspiration? If yes, why is it not to be taken literally? If no, why take cognisance of any of it? If Jesus existed, was crucified and died for us, why do you take that bit literally when you've already stated the contrary? What happens to unbaptised infants? Once baptised, can I murder and cheat and steal? You said I don't have to do anything (for God) because I am under grace (wanted or not). Should I take this literally or not? What about the Scriptures - He that endures to the end is the one that will be saved, and, faith without works is dead etc. That contradicts your doing nothing.  If that's not a clear-cut case of Christianity on the individual's terms (not God's), then I don't know what is.  Fascinating.
The Bible itself says that a believer may do anything and still be saved, it's right there in the Epistles, just that it is not good for us to do certain things. In short, you can murder, cheat and steal, but Christ asks you not to. That is the startling, terrifying thing about grace. Grace is a gift, freely given. Every limit on human behaviour is one we choose to obey (or try to, more often than not), out of loving obedience to God, there is no compulsion. What an unbelievable load of codswallop. Clearly you've never read Matt. 7:21-23.
Flippant 'yes' and 'no' do nothing for your debating standard.  Would you kill or burn your child if they did these things? what part of unconditional love and love without end do you not understand? It's not whether one understands unconditional love: that issue never arose. It's an individual's private interpretation of the Bible that guarantees their own salvation by asserting things like: once saved, always saved; unconditional love; under grace et al.  Does this apply to Adam and Eve, or Satan and his hordes? Did God love the world unconditionally so much that he saw fit to drown most of it?  Why do you assert that faith is enough for salvation? How is that doing the will of the Father?  All I see here is private interpretation of Scripture; not fitly united in the same mind and in the same line of thought - 1 Cor. 1:10.
What an unbelievable load of codswallop. Clearly you've never read Matt. 7:21-23.  Actually, there is a LOT that the pseudo-Christian glosses over so as to still maintain the title of 'Christian' but the respectability of the secular.  If you approach the scriptures as intended and stated, you start to resemble EZ and Arch (amongst others), but, their practices are cultic, seperationistic and exclusive and in the world of science and knowledge...complete hogwash.  Who'd want to be something so regressive and backwards thinking? Adopt the ideals and practices of the contemorary man...and you have something approaching a double bind.  Thus, you have to start pruning away cognative disonance conflicts from one side or the other. Usually it's the system that causes you the most problems in your current life so you prune parts of the bible out you don't like.   In weeding, Jo skips over the parable of the vines. Where some vines that bear no good fruit/ are withered, are removed and replaced with new ones.  This is the believer who no longer practices, withering in 'faith' and being removed from Gods vineyard of believers. And those who convert being added in. John 15  Jo sees the passages that state "Everything is permissable but not everything is beneficial" as a carte blanch for being able to do anything and still go to heaven as 'once saved, always saved' which is ironic as that's an attitude extremist calvinist take...it also denies free will. The ability to accept and reject this free gift of grace on a moment to moment basis. The gift is freely given to all but not all accept this gift and those who accept it can lose it.  Sure, everythign is permissable simply because you can do everything but, it's not beneficial. It could hurt you physically or emotionally or even lose you your salvation.  Those who believe in once saved, always saved can often get a sense of spiritual pride and conciet. Thinking they can do things since they can justify them to themselves and if they can do that, God's okay with it. End result is them being Matthew 7:21 The bible does NOT say "a believer may do anything and still be saved." If it does somewhere, maybe Jo can point it out with appropriate scripture. As I states, and as the bible backs up numerous times, the free gift must be ACCEPTED. Think of it like this; you MUST have the ticket to get into heaven. The only way to get this ticket is for you to get one from the ticket giver. The 'cost' for this ticket is said to be free. The ticket giver does NOT force you to take the ticket, nor does He slip it into your back pocket while you're not looking. Simply ASK and your shall RECIEVE. Matt 7:7-12  That's not to say the apostate message of the pseudo-Christian isn't appealing. It tickles the ears mightily. It even allows one such as myself to enter into the small gate at the end of the narrow path...you know the one "But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it." Matthew 7:14 Heck, I've freely broken EVERY commandment and without repentance. That I did so for mostly noble reasons is beside the point. Would be nice to get an easy out and be treated as those who followed evry rule to a T.  @Matthew S, "Would you kill or burn your child if they did these things? what part of unconditional love and love without end do you not understand?"  The part where my Son turn his back on me, runs far away and came to a bad end out of my sight and control...all because he exercised his free will to do so. Heck, I'm personally going through this right now with my eldest. The story of the prodigal son has a meaning to it you know. Turn back and repent before it's too late. At NO time did the father rush after his errant son nor compel him to return. Heck, the father didn't even know that the son spent all his inheritance and was starving UNTIL he came home.   In the end, what I find amazing is why pseudo Christians even hang on to the thin vinear of Christianity...it's like walking with a crutch when they know they don't need it. They've become so use to being told they have a broken leg, that when they realize they don't (or it's been healed) that they still cling to it. Some even trade in the crutch for a cane or wheelchair (alternative religious belief system they take up after realizing the one they were born with isn't for them see also: Pagans who were born and raised Christian).  Of course, ditching the crutch can have it's own problems. Some realize they can walk unaided and begin to run...ignoring walls and cliffs. (So Atheism isn't for everyone either.)  *shrug*
Well done, you've just found one of the many contradictions in the Bible. You now need to work out which is the accurate version. For me, it's not overly important,... Literary contradictions, and contradictory application and interpretation of Scripture by some Christians. The accurate version should be vital to be discerned by dedicated Christians.  How would you interpret Matt. 7:21-23 in the light of your comment that, for you, it's not overly important? Clearly Christ was saying that it's a life-or-death matter.
Then explain the thief who died on the Cross next to Jesus on the day He was Crucified for the sins of humanity. Did the Lord not say to him, today you will be with Me in Paradise ? What did that man do to deserve salvation ? He did nothing to benefit or further the cause of God other than to honor, believe and receive the promise that Jesus was a worthy sacrifice as the unblemished Lamb of God. ? The man who died for his crimes ASKED for Jesus to take pitty on him. He didn't mock the Christ like the other criminal did. This simply illustrates the point that salvation is available for ANYONE who up to their last momentys of life. The illustration of Lazarus and the rich man in hell shows that once you're DEAD...it's too late for salvation.   So even though the bible does say that Faith without Works is Dead, the reality is that Believers who know and Love the Lord serve Him by the constant and prevailing power of the indwelling Holy Spirit which guides and convicts them every day of their lives. If they ignore the Spirit then the verse above may be fulfilled, but as you can see, they wont lose their salvation or Gods love would be conditional as you have implied and that just isn't true at all. Arch, we've been over this, Gods salvation is conditional. At the very least, it' s conditional upon you asking and receiving it and then holding to the faith and commands (even if it's the simple 2 ones Jesus states) given. For those who are really saved would follow them to the best of their ability and repent of their failures ('Lord I want to believe, help me with my unbelief' is that not in the scripturers?) they would seek to bear good fruit and avoid immorality. If they don't personally SEEK such things...who's to say they are really saved? God? If the bible is the writen word of God...it would state that they aren't saved.  @Jo "Incidentally, breaking the laws of moses for noble reasons is justified in scripture, by the healing of the man on the sabbath."  Good point. But, it's not universal for all laws or commandments. A good subject of debate would be denial of your belief.  I recall once having a conversation with a group of Methodist on this about whether God would accept someone who denied Him. This was back in 2000 and they were harping on the end times (the congregation being taken over by end time fundamentalism and the times of tribulation when you'd receive the mark of the beast for denying your God). I stated that the bible gave the impression that such things happen and are forgivable, especially if you're under duress to do so. They were outraged and stated that the bible ddin't say such.  They obviously didn't read of how Peter was fortold to deny knowing the Christ 3 times on the night he was taken away from the Garden even though he made many boasts that he'd be there along His side for any event. The very same Peter who went on to greater things later.
I think they would argue that Peter repented of his denial when Jesus asked him if he loved him.  I'm unsure on that issue really. Part of me says that at our baptism and confirmation we are told "do not be ashamed to confess the faith of Christ crucified", and we should hold to that, and we have from scripture that "anyone who wishes to save his life will lose it, any who loses his life for my sake will save it". The flip side is that as humans our faith is fragile, and I believe God will have mercy on us when we fall shot of what is expected of us.   I'd say that it's what's in your heart that matters the most. Only God can judge a persons heart avccording to scripture. I'd equate 'heart' with 'tentions'. Thus, you could be pressured to have your flesh speak out and deny but, deep down you really don't believe in that denial. You were simply weak.  I'd also say it was obvious that Peter repented his weakness and that his initial desires were born out later in life when he was martyred.  However, the speculation would be, what if he died prior to this. Say taken up and stoned by those who claimed he was with the Christ despite his denials.  And on the same subject, Judas the Iscariot could be debated. Was he repentant when he hung himself? Was he truely possessed by Satan when he turned over the Christ as scriptures state? Are the recently translated Koptic gosple of Judas more accurate, that Judas collaborated with the Christ, to turn Him in so that prophesy could be fulfilled... Where will Judas end up at following Judgement Day?
The answer to all your questions is yes and no. We are to take the bible literally and not literally. God is a multidemntional being. I have no answer to the rest of your questions ... OK. Clear as mud. Is that really how you seek to give a reason to unbelievers for the faith within you? What sort of encouragement is that to look for God?  Interesting. emoticon_rolleyes
Dose anyone take offence to the fact that Archangle is saying who will get into heaven and who won't? I'm not christian so it dosen't bother me but it seems like you are speaking a bit out of your league angle. If you actually are Saint Peter who has made that judgment many times before, I sincerly apologize, however I pretty sure that you are a human and not at all qualified to make that judgment apon other people. (If you think that one needs to be a saint to enter heaven that's fine, but don't place that apon other christians. That just makes you look like a jerk)
Dose anyone take offence to the fact that Archangle is saying who will get into heaven and who won't? I'm not christian so it dosen't bother me but it seems like you are speaking a bit out of your league angle. If you actually are Saint Peter who has made that judgment many times before, I sincerly apologize, however I pretty sure that you are a human and not at all qualified to make that judgment apon other people. (If you think that one needs to be a saint to enter heaven that's fine, but don't place that apon other christians. That just makes you look like a jerk)  Actually, from where this non-believer sits, Arch is merely repeating what the Christian bible says about who will get into heaven and who won't.  There is a difference... But, you'd have to actually know what the bible says to understand that... Which is often something most non-believers don't read... Of couruse, neither do most self-professing believers.  IMO, taking offense at what the bible says (and many people repeat) is akin to taking offense at a cook book calling for salt in a recipe you'll never eat.  Now, if the cook tries to force you to eat said recipe...then you can take all the offense you want.
Which christian bible are you gettin the requirements for heaven from archangle? Many of my christian friends belive that they can sin but in the end will be able to ask for forgivness and enter heaven. Is that a bad way to look at that issue?
I suspect he means Moderate Christians, as opposed to foaming at the mouth Fundies. Personally I view it as; Spirit of the Rules vs. Rules as Written. Taken litterally the Bible makes Draco look like a rank amateur.
...just as I believe the Word is the infallible Word of God... Therein lies the rub. In what context do you use the proper noun Word? To refer to the Bible, or Jesus? Infallibility is usually used to describe the inerrant Bible.  So now there is the common and illogical circular argument: Jesus existed because the Bible says he did. The Bible is inerrant because God was the author. And we know God also exists, because the Bible says so. QED.  ... and that is really all I need to know.  Discuss. That's all you need to know because your mind is trapped. A circular argument is the absolute limit of your reasoning ability, because you base your belief system on that. If your circular belief is not irrational, I'd love to hear how logically you can maintain your stance. ;)
As this thread is still running, does this mean that no evidence whatsoever has been produced by any Christian in answer to the OP? Seems to be the case.  Excluding the Bible referencing itself (2 Tim 3:16), is there one shred of independent evidence to show that the man commonly referred to as Jesus Christ, the Messiah, Son of Man, Son of God, etc., miracle worker, prophet, born of a virgin, fulfiller of prophecy ad infinitum, actually existed and is therefore instantly worthy of our obeisance?  Where, where, where?
What is the meaning of Jesus if he truly did exist? That there are magical forces in play that we're not fully aware of. Or that sometimes the legend of the man is greater than the man himself ever was.  What is the meaning of Jesus if he did not exist? Most Humans are weak and need a simplistic crutch to get through life. A few 'converts to atheism' I've known usually come to this conclussion.  If Jesus truly did not exist, what about the beauty of the idea of Jesus? "A little nonsense every now and then is cherished by the wisest men". Willy Wonka.  But, some want it 24/7.  I don't know...what beauty is there is a man who spoke nonsense and had many contradictions?
... People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie... But they'll die unwillingly? I don't think so. But I know what you mean. They may die willingly, but unknowingly for a lie. Plenty of people will put their lives on the line for what amounts to propaganda.  The quoted article may indeed refer to secular historians and their annals with reference to Christ. But the context always seems to be the disruptive influence of the new religion and its effects, NOT that the founder of that religion was in any way divine, only perceived yet unprovenly so by the crowds.  Even if the man Jesus did live and had an earnest following, many others throughout history have been no different. Many rulers have been - and still are - seen as deities. You have no trouble seeing what nonsense it is. You see religions worshipping other gods, and can easily see the folly, because you can detach yourself.  Had you been born in Japan, China, India, Natal Zulu, the Philippines, near Ayres Rock, or the middle of the Amazon, what would be the chances of your being 'Christian'? Would you have gone looking for 'the truth', or would you more than likely have accepted the established religion of your forebears? I think we can guess the answer.  Every religion thinks it's correct because it can't and won't detach itself and look at the matter objectively. It's the comfort zone, and it's fear of retribution from the deities.  The article you referenced from a religious site is no different. This quote from the article sums up the clutching at straws, as if secular pagan historians were confirming the divinity of Jesus: It is fascinating to note that the writer considered that Jesus was in some sense immortal because His teachings "lived on" after His death. Yes, but don't leave out the likes of Socrates, Plato and Aristotle, Gandhi and the Dalai Lama, or even the poet Browning.  Thanks for it anyway. It was interesting.
It would be intersting to speculate which side of the divide would be most upset if it was proved conclusively the God did or did not exist.emoticon_confused   My personal belief is that he does but not in any way that has been represented.  The Christians would be most upset at proof of non-existance (if it could ever be 'proven'). Non-believers might be a little dismayed at 1st but would either keep sinning (because it's fun) or simply pick up the instruction manuel and follow it's clues.  Believers who no longer have the crutch, from my personal experience, go apeshit and turn into really horrible people. No longer having a scapegoat to blame for their woes (Satan) or having a magical get out of trouble free card (I'm saved by God so my sins/ crimes are unimportant) causes them dismay. Having to have responsiblity for yourself and actions is something many people don't want and can't handle.  For that reason, I don't advocate Atheism for most people. It's also why I refer most loosers to go to a Church when in a crisis when they can't handle proper and useful advice. if they can't deal with reality, let them find escape in a fantasy.
I don't think Dawkins ever intimated that God didn't exist: he stated that he hadn't seen any evidence to suggest that there was a god, therefore there was no point dwelling on it.  If incontravertible proof was produced, I don't doubt that someone like Dawkins would accept that proof. Whether that meant subsequently worshipping God is a different matter. emoticon_xgood
People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie. Sadly, the willingness of people to die for a cause tells us nothing about that cause's validity or worth. People willingly die for the Taliban every day.
Peteratwar, could be because this sort of religious movement is not as popular in Europe (where it struggles to get a toe hold) but dominates the Americas, Africa and Asia...more so that the RCC.  Orn's experience in TX. (where this originated) is endemic in how the evangelical movement is going. I'm sure that if he went south, he may see more of it around Houston where Olsteens super-mega-church is located.  Even Pres. Bush is a member of this movement that couches nearly everything in supernatural terms. Orn can dismiss it on 'baby Christians' but, it's far more prevalent than that.  Many blame or attribute everything to the supernatural. There are ample bible passages to support this notion.
 People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie.   To reiterate johnhanks' question somewhat: Do you think the 9/11 suicide killers, who certainly seemed more than willing, died for the truth?
They believed so, or why do it? Unless of course they were under some form of extreme pressure, as has been ventured.
Archie - this is the meat of my original post (bold added for emphasis):  Excluding the Bible referencing itself (2 Tim 3:16), is there one shred of independent evidence to show that the man commonly referred to as Jesus Christ, the Messiah, Son of Man, Son of God, etc., miracle worker, prophet, born of a virgin, fulfiller of prophecy ad infinitum, actually existed and is therefore instantly worthy of our obeisance? And then later in my response to your post with the linked article: ...But the context always seems to be the disruptive influence of the new religion and its effects, NOT that the founder of that religion was in any way divine, only perceived yet unprovenly so by the crowds... Whether Christ actually walked the earth or not may or may not be of extreme academic interest. What is of importance is that assuming he did, was he divine and worthy of our obeisance? Where is the independant and scholarly proof beyond all doubt that he was divine/God incarnate etc? Apart from some religious sites applying inferences to the writings of secular historians, there isn't any.  So you see, Archie, only part of the query was addressed by you, yet you have the temerity to say it's impossible to debate rationally with our side. emoticon_xangel
Archie: Caius Suetonius was the official historian of Rome during the reign of both Emperor Trajan and Adrian. He was also a friend of Pliny the Younger, and was referred to in several of Pliny's letters. Suetonius wrote a book on the Lives of the First Twelve Caesars. In the section on the Emperor Claudius (who ruled from AD 41 to 54) Suetonius referred to the Christians causing disturbances in Rome which led to their being banished from the city. Suetonius wrote about Claudius: "He banished the Jews from Rome, who were continually making disturbances, Chrestus being their leader." He identified the sect of Jewish Christians as being derived from "the instigation of Chrestus" which was his curious spelling of the name Christ (Life of Claudius 25.4, written in A.D. 125). This statement provides powerful evidence that there were a significant number of Christians living in Rome before A.D. 54, only two decades after Jesus. This passage confirms the statement of Luke (in the Book of Acts) about the exiling of the Jews from Rome during the reign of Claudius. The Apostle Paul found, "a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome and came unto them" (Acts 18:2). This tends to show that, like many others in history, a particular individual had a following. Secondly, there is nothing in the above to show that 'Chrestus' had any divine qualities.   Suetonius also wrote about the persecution of Christians during the reign of Nero. "The Christians were punished; a sort of men of a new and magical superstition." His criticism of the early Church affirms that this was a "new" religion that had recently appeared (in confirmation of the Gospels and the book of Acts). Furthermore, his reference to "magical superstition" confirms that the Christians were known to produce miracles and healing. The new faith of Christianity was based on the resurrection of their Messiah Jesus of Nazareth which would certainly qualify as a "magical superstition" to a pagan Roman historian. It would seem that the author(s) of the article use the phrase 'magical superstition' as evidence of miracles and healing. Is that an independent objective assessment? The phrase used: ...a sort of men of a new and magical superstition... indicates a new breed of superstitious people, not that their leader was the Messiah or divine.  ...Pliny described the Christians as people who loved the truth at any cost. It is difficult to believe that these people would willingly die for Jesus Christ if they knew and believed it was a lie. Axiomatic.  The martyrdom of thousands of these Christians was based on the fact that they knew the truth of the statements in the Gospels about Jesus and were willing to die as martyrs rather than deny their faith in Jesus as the Son of God. Well attested. Many do die for their beliefs, erroneous or not. But the only evidence for Christ's divinity is the man himself and the new congregations. The authors of the article have used the words of secular historians to augment their own line of thinking. If they want readers to accept what pagan secular historians write about early Christianity, shouldn't they at least warn the reader that the same pagan secular historians don't produce any direct evidence that Christ was divine? That information is conspicuous by its absence.
Tell me what is similar about suicide bombers who have no respect for human life and are taught that to die for the cause is the best way to go to paradise, and people who love life and willingly allow themselves to be killed rather than deny Jesus ? There is no comparison and yet you try to make one.   I think their behavior is beyond despicable. I am not comparing them to anyone. I am simply responding to your statement: People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie.  These killers died willingly. Therefore, according to your opinion, what they believed could not be a lie. It must be the truth.  Do you still stand by that statement? If so, is the belief of suicide bombers a lie or not, in that they willingly die for it?
http://www.grantjeffrey.com/article/historicalev.htm  Here is irrefutable evidence for the exisyence of Jesus Christ.  Also Jesus is simply an english translation of the Greek.    Easy Killer. Before you go round saying something is fact you should make sure it is. The points made in the article are not irrefutable. At best the only real facts supported are that there were Christians in the early ADs Roman Empire, there were a lot of them and they were not always well liked. There is plenty of reading out there discussing each point the author considers evidence. Read some opposing views with an open mind and you will se what I mean.  You obviously beleive in Jesus and probably not much will change that, so what is the big deal if there is no historical evidence of Jesus? Will you lose faith, no probably not, but you would have more doubt than you do now, huh.  If you believe then believe. Don't let those who were able from, past to present, whether of good intention or not, manipulate and twist Christainity into something less than it's intended purpose.  There is a reason it's called faith or belief and not fact.
Show me where. I don't believe it.  Ask and you shall receive. At the bottom of this page are several more links. Check em out  http://kspark.kaist.ac.kr/Jesus/Some%20Christian%20arguments%20and%20why%20they%20don't%20work.htm
moose, suicide bombers kill out of hatred for life and the people they murder with their bombs. This doesn't compare to people who love life and harm nobody in their lives and willingly give up that life they love for a righteous principle because of the violence of others. These Christians refused to even lift a hand and fight the Government authorities who unfairly persecuted and killed them because they refused to worship pagan Gods. There is no comparison or rationality for comparing murderers with martyrs in this context. Especially since the suicide bombers are promoting the death of innocent victims and the christian martyrs are the innocent victims who are created by those who killed in total ignorance and hatred for what is good and right.  I specifically said I was not comparing the two, and you proceeded to compare them. I am simply questioning the veracity of your statement: "People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie"  Your point was that because Christian martyrs died for their beliefs, the beliefs could not be a lie, because "People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie."  My (and others') point is that the willingness to die for a belief does not relate to the truth of that belief. Otherwise the nutjob suicide bombers belief is not a "lie" either.  Do you want to modify your statement, "People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie."? If your statement is correct, then it should apply not only to Christian martyrs.  Try to stay on track in your response and respond to the question posed to you.
Last sentence first: It is extremely probable that anyone can find a passage in the bible to support their own particular beliefs.  Yes, in the UK there has been the occasional program on TV concerning the extreme Christian movements in the US.  Very weird to watch. Quite frightening in a way. Almost seems that the members of the congregation become brain-washed into being zombies!  Glad to say that the presence over here is miniscule.  There was a move a couple of decades ago to get into the UK market however, the bombasticness of these types of 'Christians' was considered offensive to most sensible UKers. For example, driving about town in Limos and staying in the best Hotels while visiting. Here is some testimony on that that I found on the net.  What I find odd is how they move into the 3rd world and find purchase for their message. But, I guess for some, the 'show' is all that matters.  I'd say most do act like zombies.  Thulsa Doom from Conan movie with Schwarzenegger reminds me of the situation. With many congregats willing to die or at the least defend their 'man of gawd' from anything.  The movie Jesus Camp focuses briefly on this. News Shows like 20/20 and 60 Minutes have covered the phenomina. Time magazine had an article in the Sept. 2006 issue on it. You can occasionally see clips on Youtube.  Scaarrryyy.  And remember, if they win...it's the apocalypse. Even if God's not ready, they are.
emoticon_wow I find it hard to empathise with what is described in the link, it's just too alien. However it does remind me of a bloke who is being encouraged to go on a trip to Isreal with his church for &#163;1000, it took a couple of hours to show him he could get virtually the same trip for about &#163;250. Unfortunately I think it will take culture shock to jar people into examining what they get themselves into, in this we are fortunate that it is foreigners like the Copelands that set up these scams.
emoticon_wow I find it hard to empathise with what is described in the link, it's just too alien. However it does remind me of a bloke who is being encouraged to go on a trip to Isreal with his church for £1000, it took a couple of hours to show him he could get virtually the same trip for about £250. Unfortunately I think it will take culture shock to jar people into examining what they get themselves into, in this we are fortunate that it is foreigners like the Copelands that set up these scams. LOL, I recall a similar experience in a church I visited once.  A couple of the pimps were organizing a (mission) trip to Russia for $3,000 a pop. I know a little Russian and had thought of visiting back in 1992 (okay, I admit it, I'm a abandoned KGB mole and was feeling homesick :p ). But, upon looking up the costs and expenses...it would have been cheaper to fly normally rather than sign for their package deal (they were chartering their own 747...ultra-Pimp when you have your own jumbo jet).  Ironically, this was an 'invitation' only deal. Like it was some privilege to be invited to come on a trip where you spend your own money and it cost more.
Why do you need a mission to Russia? Isn't Russia mostly Christian already, or does Eastern Orthodox not count if you're a fundie?  Yep.  Most alleged 'non-denominational' churches would be more accuratly to be described as the denomination of 'pastor X'.  I've heard a couple of pastors openly state "We're a ____ church, we're nondenominational." :xbanghead   Anyway, it's often true (not always) that many believe that unless you believe exactly just like them you're not saved. The more extreme the sect (think goofy, abnormal or crazy) the more they tend to believe this. Logically, if they didn't, many believers would probably not be as extreme...as you can still get into heaven without jumping on one foot and rubbing your tummy and patting your own back...so why jump through all those hoops?  So, yes, Russia (and many former communist nation) had the doors blown open for these movements as it was pushed that commies were godless and needed saving. For too lonmg, they've gone without proper godly worship. The pimps come in with something new, an emotional based show where they counterfeit any listed miracle and make any promise imaginable and then fly out with as much money as possible. I've heard convoluted thinking on where you should go to host a mission. Don't go anywhere you're not 'honored'. Of course, they then narrowly define honor as 'in the bible, it means getting financial gifts.' So if the preachers can't turn a profit, they seldom go or stay for long...and rarely return.  I remember reciting a stat on Portent about the number of 'Christians' who actually read the bible. Nearly 80 percent don't. It might have been in a Charisma magazine or something similar (it was in a generic Christian church I read it, wish I had a link or hard copy) but, I've also heard similar quoted by others and from my personal experience, it sounds about right. Most people don't know what the bible says. Some fewer have any inkling of what it means. So, it doesn't seem too hard to manipulate it to get what you want out of it and still have professed believers accepting everything you say as true.  Just this week I was listening to one pastor comment on what Paul stated a pastor needed to possess as credentials. 1 Timothy 3 "The husband of one wife..." He then when on to state that this meant 'One wife at a time.' So as to justify divorce. But, in context of what the bible states (red words of Jesus here even), the only justification for divorce AND remarriage would be due to adultery. You could divorce but not be allowed to remarry unless there was adultry involved. But, this pastors sect has many divorcees and remarriages. You can't teach the truth without upsetting many people.   I've also seen a couple of pastors use a strongs or youngs concordance right along side their bible while preaching. And every other passage is reinterpreted with 'new definitions' for key words taken from the concordance. You really get a lot of new meanings to things when you do this. Ironically, it seems they support what ever the pastors agenda is at the time.  One of the minor ones on this is the 'Thou Shalt Not Kill' commandment we see occasionally debated. It may very well mean 'murder' over other forms of slaying. But, after a while of this sort of thing, you feel like you're in the novel Animal Farm by Orwell and there's tweeking constantly done to the rules on the side of the barn. Convienant rules to support the pastor...who may happen to carry a gun...or have an 'armor bearer' who does. There was a couple of clips on Youtube with similar preachers packing heat.   So, no Jo. Orthodoxy doesn't count. Once in a while, these types will even state "Many consider us Heretics...but, we just worship differently, actually the proper way."  I don't know if you're familiar with this term used by many protestants and evangelicals "Christian and Catholic." It implies that Catholics aren't Christians even if there are some simularities. So, if they don't consider Catholics to be true Christians (Jack T. Chick thinks they're into witchery), you definatly won't consider any other religion associated or similar to them to be true Christians either.
Who are these "pimps" you're talking about?  A pulpit pimp is anyone who preaches excessively on tithes and offerings. Who's personal wealth is derived from their followers, they live in luxury far and above the average congregant.  Anyone who preaches the health-wealth message and takes biblical verse out of context to push that loyal followers should be wealthy IF they are faithful because that's what God wants. Overlooking ALL other passages to the contrary as well as the passages that call the faithful to seek contentment.  Word of Faither are the predominate practioners of this. They represent the vast majority of Evangelicals, their message has seeped into nearly all other sects to some degree also. Walk into a 'Christian' book store and you'll see about 80% of the books there writen by a WofF. Walk into a secular store like Wal Mart and about 90%+ of all Christian books are by WofFers. Pentecostalism, Charismatics are particularly succeptable. But, even Catholicism is being influenced in the US, mostly with prdominatly Hispanic congregations.  Being succeptable doesn't neccessarily mean that you've been influenced.  Well known WofFers would be Benny Hinn, Anyone on TBN, T.D. Jakes, Joel Olsteen, David Yonggi Cho (largest church in S.Korea), Ted Haggard (the gay hypocrit from the largest church in CO.), Joyce Meyers, Marilyn Hicky...the list goes on. And one of the more interesting aspects is their diverse practices. Some are oness Pentacostal, some practice tongues/babbling...others don't. Some preach the Jesus Died Spiritually message. They are more aptly called a movement than an actual sect.  The unifying issues is the Word (which isn't the one of God...but your own) and Faith (which is a 'magical force') Basically, if you have unchallenged faith free from doubt and fear and you SAY you want something, God has to provide it. Health and Wealth are ususally the temporal aspects focused on. Sickness and poverty are often viewed as a product of sin.  An expample of extremes of proving faith is to sow seed (financial gifts) into th minisgtry to prove you have faith. This seed is allegedly to be returned to you in an earthly harvest 100 fold. It's formulaic. You must also deny any doubt and exist in blind, unquestioning faith. The pastors set themselves up as examples of piety since they are typically wealthy and healthy and all followers can be just like them if they simply follow the same rituals of denying sickness and living in perfect faith. What the pastors don't mention is that they typically are living off of the donations (seed) of the followers and have hardly sown anything themselves. Health issues see many deny (living on faith) that they are sick to begin with. Some preachers in the past couple of decades have moved away from the health aspects as their fake/ faith healings don't work with any credibility and they themselves deal with undeniable sickness (I believe Joyce Myers or the Hickey suffer from cancer ATM).  Your own Assembly of God faith could have congregations dominated by these types OR be free from their influence as the pastor preaches and fights against them. But, in all likelihood, you'd be hard to find those free from pimpery as AoG believes in a few erronious issues such as Tongues having to be a sign of being baptised of the holy spirit which simply is not supported in the bible.   So, what is a pimp? A pimp is one who takes the money from his whores and lives in a better style of life than they do. Using gimmicks like addiction to keep his ho's in line. A pulpit pimp does the same. Takes excessive monies from his congregation to live in a better life style than they do. Pushing out countless promisses of a better life right around the corner for them once they reap the harvest on their seed.  Malachi 3 is a favorite. If you don't tithe...you're stealing from God.   Founders of the movement stem from P. Quimby (a practioner of messmerism)to E.W. Kenyon to Kenneth Hagin (who plagerized Kenyon).  PulpitPimps.org may offer more information on this. They're a Christian site but do have a strong Calvanistic belief (which I also believe is not fully biblically supported).
 WE know more about Jesus Christ than Abraham LIncoln !  Of course he existed.Athiests are stupid if they think this will work,Every wishful fool and his step mother think that all that they have to do is pronounce their opinions to the masses and ipso facto,it's a fact !  Why not doubt the existance of Robert E Lee or Nicolaus Copernicus,we know less of those two than Jesus The Christ yet they are accepted without dabate ?Their,the athiests, motive is highly suspect when any simple comparison is made and their responses to them are examined.  There must be a lot of very stupid or very confused people in this world to even listen to these XXXXXX.Their motives must ones of either anger over some slight they have felt from a particular demomination,usually Catholic, religeous or a misguided pseudo-intellect demanding evidence at every turn.  The convient interllectual dishonesty of some authors has poisoned the intellect of most professors teaching today in American and European centers of higher education.  Darwin's theories are taken as fact and argued over every other with a totally closed mind.The more prestigeous the school the greater the degree of closed minds to the obvious truths of GOD. As he said the humble and poor will understand while the learned and worldly wise will stumble in their pride.  The art of debate is about producing sound, reliable and consistent argument for a position, backed up with some evidence. It is not about shouting the odds and making sweeping generalisations.  Most of us here enjoy debate; some of us have exceptionally strong opinions. Even the most vociferous at least produce some evidence to back up their position. The art of debate is in the challenge of that evidence, or the conclusions drawn from it.  Most of us try not to make personal attacks or sweeping generalisations; after all, this is a DEBATING forum.  May I suggest that you drop the tantrums and blanket rudeness, and give some consideration to your scurrilous conduct. A little revision on the art of debate wouldn't go amiss either.
 WE know more about Jesus Christ than Abraham LIncoln !  Of course he existed.Athiests are stupid if they think this will work,Every wishful fool and his step mother think that all that they have to do is pronounce their opinions to the masses and ipso facto,it's a fact !  Why not doubt the existance of Robert E Lee or Nicolaus Copernicus,we know less of those two than Jesus The Christ yet they are accepted without dabate ?Their,the athiests, motive is highly suspect when any simple comparison is made and their responses to them are examined.  There must be a lot of very stupid or very confused people in this world to even listen to these XXXXXX.Their motives must ones of either anger over some slight they have felt from a particular demomination,usually Catholic, religeous or a misguided pseudo-intellect demanding evidence at every turn.  The convient interllectual dishonesty of some authors has poisoned the intellect of most professors teaching today in American and European centers of higher education.  Darwin's theories are taken as fact and argued over every other with a totally closed mind.The more prestigeous the school the greater the degree of closed minds to the obvious truths of GOD. As he said the humble and poor will understand while the learned and worldly wise will stumble in their pride.   Note the highlighted part.  I am just curious as to whether theists would be considered stupid if they thought Jesus never existed. Is it possible that atheists (who believe that there is no god) could believe that Jesus was just a man? Or are you just making sweeping generalisations?  Smiley  PS What are these 'obvious truths of GOD'? Perhaps he should have said that the slow and gullible will believe anything, but the rest of us will learn to think for ourselves.
Moxley's rant has to be running pretty close to wind for the forum posting regulations. Anyone bothered enough to pm the admin?
Moxley's rant has to be running pretty close to wind for the forum posting regulations. Anyone bothered enough to pm the admin?  Nah. To be honest, there have been much more extreme rants that have just been reply-ranted and left at that.  Smiley
'You can fool some of the people all of the time .....'    (Seemed to be an applicable quote)
moose, suicide bombers kill out of hatred for life and the people they murder with their bombs. This doesn't compare to people who love life and harm nobody in their lives and willingly give up that life they love for a righteous principle because of the violence of others. These Christians refused to even lift a hand and fight the Government authorities who unfairly persecuted and killed them because they refused to worship pagan Gods. There is no comparison or rationality for comparing murderers with martyrs in this context. Especially since the suicide bombers are promoting the death of innocent victims and the christian martyrs are the innocent victims who are created by those who killed in total ignorance and hatred for what is good and right.  As usual, we see Archie start to rant in an attempt to avoid the question.  Thelmoose very clearly said he wasn't comparing the two in any way.  The question asked of you was: if your statement that "people will die for a cause, they won't die willingly for a lie" (paraphrased) is true, this would be applicable not only to Christian martyrs, but also people like the 9/11 hijackers and suicide bombers. If they won't die willingly for a lie, then they must have died for the truth.  Are you going to retract or change your statement, or will you stand by it (and thus basically say that the whole suicide bomber cause is true)?
So Zardoz, peteratwar and GiantOreo, do you, or do you not beleive that Jesus/Yeshua/whatever you want to call him existed, or do you deny his existed?  He just as likely existed as Humpty Dumpty. Nobody wrote about him for FORTY YEARS. That's kind of a lot of time.
So Zardoz, peteratwar and GiantOreo, do you, or do you not beleive that Jesus/Yeshua/whatever you want to call him existed, or do you deny his existed?  "Objects in Rearview Mirror may appear larger than they actually are."
So Zardoz, peteratwar and GiantOreo, do you, or do you not beleive that Jesus/Yeshua/whatever you want to call him existed, or do you deny his existed?    I see no independent verification that the person described in the New Testament as "Jesus of Nazareth" actually existed. I do see evidence that  people believed in him after the destruction of the Jewish Temple, which is  different from him actually existing.
Assuming he did exist, so what? All sorts of attributes and qualities are assigned to charismatic personalities, but Christians have no trouble dumping the prophets and gods of other religions.  Once again, where is the irrebuttable evidence (or even strong circumstantial evidence) that Jesus was divine, God made man, the Messiah? Why and how does the imagination of the early congregations differ from the followers of every other nutter that has graced this planet?
Yes I believe he existed.  One cannot prove a negative i.e. no-one can prove he did not exist.  Empirical evidence first created around 30 years after his death would indicate that such a person existed  Forty years. First records of his existence were around 70 AD
First  surviving  records, which is a rather different thing. It would be wrong to assume that just because the earliest documents we have are late first century that they aren't the product of earlier records. Even a first writing in AD70 isn't out of the question, as it would still be within the lifetimes of some of those who met Jesus.  The earliest surviving records are copies from a couple hundred years later, but they have dated to 70 CE and later based upon their content. No one thinks the gospels or letters are the product of earlier records.
Hello everyone, first off I'd like to say I'm an evangelical Christian, so of course I believe in Jesus' existence, just as I believe the Word is the infallible Word of God.  I have heard lately of people who actually argue that Jesus did not exist.  I decided to start this thread to see what everyone thinks.  Do you think Jesus existed? Do you think he existed as described in the bible (Son of God, etc.)? If not, why not?   Here is my view - the Bible tells me that Jesus existed, and is the Son of God, as well as my Lord and Savior, and that is really all I need to know.  Discuss.  I believe Jesus is a role model for the human race. I believe he is a very powerful idea. But what I do NOT believe is that there was some dude with a beard running around Israel healing the blind and preaching about his God. So, in a sense, I don't believe Jesus was a literal person in the ancient world, but more of a fable. Like Harry Potter is today.
Firstly a lot of people do think that at least some of the Gospels were the product of earlier records, particularly the so-called Q document believed to have been the basis, along with Mark, for the Gospels of Matthew and Luke. Secondly, if we're going to discuss the epistles, then we need to look again at dating, as Paul's writings are thought to mostly date from the late 50s AD, around 15-20 years after the resurrection. It's easy to hypothesise a scenario where snippits of Jesus' life and teachings did the rounds in letters and by word of mouth, supported by the writings of Paul and others, culminating in some followers, such as Luke, seeking to record the full history of the times as the first apostles began to disappear. This wasn't an age of newspapers and archives of what would to the authorities have seemed relatively minor events, the survival of records that can be dated to so early in the church's history is more surprising than a lack of earlier ones. If this is God's method of getting His Word known to mankind, especially when God is a God, not of disorder, but of peace (1 Cor.14:33), then His methods leave a lot to be desired.  Is it any wonder that Christianity is absolute nonsense.
If this is God's method of getting His Word known to mankind, especially when God is a God, not of disorder, but of peace (1 Cor.14:33), then His methods leave a lot to be desired. Succinctly put. What kind of omnipotent deity desiring to convey to humankind the message of their redemption would choose to do so via the crucifixion of an obscure faith-healer in a backwater of the Roman Empire? What chance did the contemporary Chinese have of receiving the message? Or the Mesoamericans of that time? Or the Native Australians? Is it any wonder that Christianity is absolute nonsense[?] No.
Succinctly put. What kind of omnipotent deity desiring to convey to humankind the message of their redemption would choose to do so via the crucifixion of an obscure faith-healer in a backwater of the Roman Empire? What chance did the contemporary Chinese have of receiving the message? Or the Mesoamericans of that time? Or the Native Australians?  The Jews were the Chosen people. Ironic considering the shit they've gone through, you'd think an omnipotent god would pick a less hated group.
In the Bible.  You might enjoy the factual story of Narnia while you're at it. Explain how they found a fossilized Lystrosaurus inside the himalayas. That's continental drift for you.
This is not an answer. Please answer clearly with a yes or a no.  Seemed like an answer to me. More so considering the question asked. I also would hazard that most other thinking people here understood the answer.  For someone who believes in the bible, riddled with parables, you should easily get the MESSAGE too.  The real question should be, 'Does EDO really exist.'    My guess is it's a spambot.
You realise the Witch is pretty much the embodiement of evil in Narnia? In general I'm not sure why you'd consider witches to be anti-Christian. Non-Christian, certainly (though only some forms of magic are forbidden in the Bible) but not necessarily anti-Christian.  Isn't the story also considered an alagory to Christianity?  From my graps, EDO seems like one of those WofFer types I seem to rant about. No real comprehension and only a spoon fed belief in anything. I wonder what Church he goes to. If he's over 13, I'd be worried.
I also have little doubt that he existed and that he was indeed crucified for his views. Crucifiction was considered a shameful occurence during those times and certainly, if one were to invent a religious figure, one would not openly choose to have that figure crucified. Most images of the messiah were of a powerful religious figure, not one that gets crucified. The crucifiction of Jesus needed to be explained to have important religious significance. Otherwise, it would have been thought to be a weakness and the Christian religion would probably not have spread nearly as far.  If you look at the Greek, Hindu and Buddhist stories, divine figures are routinely tortured and executed. Consider "Godlike Achilleus" brought down by Hector's arrow, or Arjuna cowering in his chariot.
Hey everyone - just so all of you know, T.Q. on another thread just called all of you malcontents.  Nobody likes a snitch, Edo! Neener, neener.
Hey everyone - just so all of you know, T.Q. on another thread just called all of you malcontents.   Well, tell T.Q. (The Queen) that I called him a sodomite.  [reenactment] Zardoz jumps up, claps his hands together and says "Sodomite" just like J.J. from Good Times.[/reencactment]
Hey everyone - just so all of you know, T.Q. on another thread just called all of you malcontents.  well, let's look a little closer at this, shall we?  it assumes that Jesus didn't exist.  Please show me anywhere in any scientific, peer reviewed journal where it states anything similar to "hox genes prove Jesus never existed!"  Look at the "Does Jesus Exist" thread in the Religion forum.  5) Oh, so malcontents on an internet discussion board are classed as peer reviewed articles now?  Hey, T.Q., I let them know over on the Religion board that you called them malcontents.  They told me you were a sodomite.  Is this true? Are you a sodomite? If so - that's disgusting.  Thanks EDO, for once again amply demonstrating the textbook definition of "internet troll"
Yes I believe he existed.  One cannot prove a negative i.e. no-one can prove he did not exist.  Empirical evidence first created around 30 years after his death would indicate that such a person existed  And why would that be? If the first record of him is more like 40 years after someones death, after a major catastrophe (the destruction of the Temple), why would we assume that any detail of anything that is written is correct?   A Jesus might have existed, but would that Jesus be recognizable from the  stories about him? If not, would that be the 'Historical Jesus'?
... Besides, just because the literal interpretation doesn't work doesn't mean it's not true under non-literal interpretation. God may not have used a literal 6 days, but it doesn't mean there wasn't a process of creation. Ah, so the bible can be interpreted to justify a particular Christian position? This is what we find repeatedly. If Christian groups/denominations - all claiming God and Christ - can be so at variance in their interpretation of Scripture, why should ANYONE take any notice of it? Just what is the correct interpretation, i.e. THE TRUTH?  And your last sentence: some would claim it was a literal six days. Why can't Christians get their act together and be fitly united in the same mind and same line of thought?  And as for - ... but it doesn't mean there wasn't a process of creation.  - that type of argument has been dealt with endlessly. It doesn't mean that there aren't hobgoblins either. Just as likely.
No, it shouldn't be interpreted to "justify" anything. The reason I interpret Genesis to not be about a literal 6 days isn't to 'justify' something. It's because it makes the most sense. Believe it or not, not all Christians are fundies and and out to justify something.Agreed.  You don't have ot take any notice of any of it. No one is making you believe anything about the Bible or Christianity. I'm not sure what your problem is.No, I don't have to take any notice of it. This thread is about the existence of Jesus. If his existence is so important, and knowledge about him comes from Scripture, how can an outsider trust what Scripture says when Christians themselves can't agree?  Most of us aren't trying to put down Christianity per se, or to mock or belittle. What I'm trying to fathom is why Christians believe what they do, and then try to understand why they rationalise their beliefs and arrive at disparate views. Surely you can see that to an outsider, Christianity is incoherent as a belief system?  See, this is what I don't get. First, Christianity is criticized by people like you for fundie literal interpretations such as a 6-day creation story and ignoring science. But the minute some of us use are more reasoned approach and assumes it's not to be taken literally but that life evolved and that the universe is actually billions of years old, we then get criticized by people like you for being divided on it. It seems you're determined to find fault no matter what any group of Christians says. See above response. Christians assert a position that God exists, that the Bible is the word of God etc. Then Christians take umbridge when it's suggested that their belief system is illogical, founded on inconsistencies, that Christians themselves can't get their act together. It's Christians that have the problem, not unbelievers. ;)
... So, when the vast majority of the world's Christians agree that there is one God, in three persons, Father, Son and Holy Spirit that's a pretty good sign that that is what intent of the Bible is. Vast majority? Perhaps. Not knowing the figures, that leaves plenty (millions and millions) of Christians who see God as a sole entity, and reason that a triune God has its roots in ancient Babylonian mythology.   Ever wondered how God wants you to view him? What if you get it wrong?  Secondly, a pretty good sign is far from unanimous truth. That's why Christian groups can sometimes shout down each other - particularly where 'fundies' are involved. Whilst you may say it's the intent of the Bible, whatever happened to the intent of your God? Christian views are do diverse, who's to know what the Bible really says?  But it seems that as long as a Christian/group are happy with their own interpretation or viewpoint, and that accords with their lifestyle, that's all that matters.  That's a pretty good sign emoticon_rolleyes that Christian belief systems are inherently unstable, and seriously calls into question that Christ actually lived, but moreso that he was God.
Also, the first known record of Jesus is more like 25 years after his death, but don't let the facts get in the way of a good story.  Hey Jo, I agree with you on most everything you've said so far, but I have to ask for a source on this one, because I've never seen a 25 year record (an authentic one), I've only been able to find it around 40 years.
... Christians are in agreement over the essentials of the faith. For instance, you'd probably be pretty darn hard-pressed to find a Christian who was against the doctrine of the trinity... Christians are decidedly NOT in agreement over what you may call essentials. The doctrine of the trinity is one of them. If I referred you to a multi-million international Christian group who vehemently deny the trinity because of its mythological origins, would you say there were Christian or not? After all, it would mean they worship a totally different God to you. They worship the Christian God, not a mythological triune godhead.  So how do you know YOUR god is the correct version? The Scriptures are clearly giving out different gods dependant on interpretation. As the identity of God is surely crucial, how do you know you're worshipping the right god, and not one based on mythology, whatever you may want to believe?  Once again, in such a crucial area - perhaps THE most crucial area; the identity of God - why should the Bible be trusted?
 For instance, you'd probably be pretty darn hard-pressed to find a Christian who was against the doctrine of the trinity  Huh. Funny, I wasn't that hard-pressed.  Just the simplest search from even a source like Wiki turned this up: In the early centuries of Christian history adoptionists, Arians, Ebionites, Gnostics, Marcionites, and others held nontrinitarian beliefs. The Nicene Creed raised the issue of the relationship between Jesus' divine and human natures. Monophysitism ("one nature") and monothelitism ("one will") were heretical attempts to explain this relationship. During more than a thousand years of Trinitarian orthodoxy, formal nontrinitarianism, i.e., a doctrine held by a church, group, or movement, was rare, but it did appear. For example, among the Cathars of the 13th century. The Protestant Reformation of the 1500s also brought tradition into question. At first, nontrinitarians were executed (such as Servetus), or forced to keep their beliefs secret (such as Isaac Newton). The eventual establishment of religious freedom, however, allowed nontrinitarians to more easily preach their beliefs, and the 19th century saw the establishment of several nontrinitarian groups in North America and elsewhere. These include Christadelphians, Jehovah's Witnesses, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and Unitarians. Twentieth-century nontrinitarian movements include Iglesia ni Cristo and the Unification Church. Nontrinitarian groups differ from one another in their views of Jesus Christ, depicting him variously as a divine being second only to God the Father (e.g., Jehovah's Witnesses), Yahweh of the Old Testament in human form, God (but not eternally God), Son of God but inferior to the Father (versus co-equal), prophet, or simply a holy man.  Of notable exception are Oneness Pentecostals, who affirm that God came to Earth as man (i.e., manifested Himself) in the man Jesus Christ. Oneness Pentecostals fully affirm, like Trinitarians, that Jesus Christ is fully God and fully man. One can understand Oneness Pentecostals by replacing the Trinitarian term 'person' with the term 'mode' or 'manifestation' when discussing the Christian Godhead. Many Oneness Pentecostals can recite the first Nicene Creed, as it rejects Arianism, yet preserves the oneness of God and divinity of Jesus Christ.  
Oneness Pentecostals (notably T.D. Jakes) are opposed to the trinity.  Then there's the salvation at the cross issue. Some WofFers (and others who've accepted this) have been slowly pushing the JDS issue. 'Jesus Died Spiritually' meaning that the sacrifice on the cross was insufficient and that the Christ had to go to hell and suffer before the magical salvation issues could happen. As they say 'if salvation at the cross was sufficient, anyone, even the thieves there, could have paid that price.'  I do agree that there are (according to the bible) some very clear cut issues that are essential for salvation even if not labeled, they are spelled out in definition. But, with the rampant biblical ignorance and cultural clashes and liberalization of interpretations...you eventually have many sects that can hardly agree on the fundamentals.
Yeah, you were. Those were heretical movements. There's simply no way to say that Jesus wasn't God without going against scripture (even Jesus' own words, which are quite clear), so those groups aren't Christian, if they reject something so fundamental as even the very deity of Christ.  Ah, so now we apply the No true Scotsman fallacy. I figured as much when I decided to post those examples. Not suprised, really.
Assuming we date the Christ's crucifixion at AD33, it is roughly 20-24 years to the period when Paul is writing his first letters, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Epistle_to_the_Corinthians has 1 corinthians dated between 53 and 57AD, when Paul was in Ephesus. Another article dates Thessalonians to AD52 but there is no reference for that.  Thanks. I'll have to look into that. I'd only heard of Pauline dates in the late 60's to the 70's.
Ah, so now we apply the No true Scotsman fallacy. I figured as much when I decided to post those examples. Not suprised, really.   So, everyone who claims to be Sparticus actually is?  erm...was.  Just because you call yourself something don't mean you are that something. I know that if I were to slip on one of my prime pimp suits, rehearse for about 30 mins a cleaverly wrote script with half a dozen scriptural verses and an equal amount of catch phrases based loosly on those verses... toss on a moon walk and a dozen 'Hell-you-loosas' and most people would have a hard time differentiating me from an evangelical. Let slip loose with a mish-mash of French, German and Russian words interspersed with Jesus and I'm a tongue speaking charismatic (added nonsense that sounds like native American and S.E. Asian and I'm a sure thing). Add on a raggedy ole dog eared bible and the picture is finished.  In most average conversations I've had in the past with new friends...most thought of me as one of those types. Much like when I used to have long hair...some initially thought me to be a liberal commie type.  And, we all know that I'm no Christian. I'm sure Arch has me pegged as a servent of Satan*.    Now, where's the tent and the offering plate. I's gots a sermonizing ta do. And seven offerings to collect. Praise Jesus! Ta 'hell-ya-loosas!' We's got tha' Ole time religion! emoticon_xangel   Dang, I'm so on firah with the Holy Spirit I think I might go to church tomorrow. One of them Scotsmen churches of course. So I can mock them by getting my 'praise on'...I wonder if the real H.S. will ever move one of them to actually see through it. Nahhh...  Now, just to learn how to palm some of them 20's in the collection plates they pass around and it truely will be for Fun and Profit.
Isn't the story also considered an alagory to Christianity?  From my graps, EDO seems like one of those WofFer types I seem to rant about. No real comprehension and only a spoon fed belief in anything. I wonder what Church he goes to. If he's over 13, I'd be worried.  Oh please, I'm only 14 and I feel I have a bit more comprehension skills than EDO does. I'm sure he'll come around sometime with a thread about the ungodliness of Harry Potter or something similar.
 I'm sure he'll come around sometime with a thread about the ungodliness of Harry Potter or something similar.  Sadly, he already has: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=274366&postcount=17  From that: I find it sad that so many here look forward to such a thing. Do you not see that the Harry Potter book and movie series were established to indoctrinate the children in our nation and world to believe that witchcraft/Wicca is acceptable? The whole series is designed to draw others away from God.  There are other similar ones made by him later in that thread. Feel free to read and vomit. ;)
Well, it's my understanding they have their own mistranslated version of the Bible, which departs considerably from standard scholarly translation. And which inerrant standard scholarly translation would that be? The one that supports your viewpoint? Clearly you haven't studied the NWT, so any opinion you have on it is just hearsay.
Of course they, particularly the JWs, claim that the scriptures support their version of events.  Personally the definition of Christianity I am happy with is that laid out in the creeds agreed by the church. Don't Christians in general use a Bible that supports their own version of events? Which bible do you study? Why?  And when you say agreed by the church, which church would that be which is the arbiter of Scripture?
Yeah, you were. Those were heretical movements. There's simply no way to say that Jesus wasn't God without going against scripture (even Jesus' own words, which are quite clear), so those groups aren't Christian, if they reject something so fundamental as even the very deity of Christ.  I looked at the words that are claimed to be Jesus. There is no place where the words attributed to Jesus are unambiguous about divinity, when read in context.  That is why there ARE the so-called 'Heretical' movement. There are also those many many gnostic writings that were rejected by the council of Nicea. The sample of writings in the New Testament have been filtered with a bias.
Well, it's my understanding they have their own mistranslated version of the Bible, which departs considerably from standard scholarly translation.    Same here.  The vast majority of Christians have their own mistranslated version of the Bible. The way things are distorted from the Old testament is amazing.  Come to think of it, there is a big bias for translations into English of the New Testament too.
The vast majority of Christians have their own mistranslated version of the Bible. The way things are distorted from the Old testament is amazing.  Come to think of it, there is a big bias for translations into English of the New Testament too.  Not only "mistranslated version", but also one that was put together excluding many many books (so much for divinely written, etc. - the Bible was written by men, and the books putting together the typical bible of today were chosen by men based on what they wated it to say).   EDIT: I see I missed you mentioning this in your previous post. emoticon_emb
...the Bible was compiled by men, but based on what the church at large considered to be a true and accurate reflection of God's will.The church at large. The council of Nicaea; a fraction of the bishops who had been invited (and no British bishops). Where these bishops acting under God's inspiration? Probably you'll assume so. Why then did they vote as to which scriptures and gospels were to be included, and which excluded? Why would inspiration from God demand a VOTE?  Your quote above denies spiritual guidance. Your use of the word 'but' is the qualifier: a bible compiled by men based on what the church at large considered...  Give me a break. Scripture is what you want it to be. If it suits your lifestyle and purpose, then it is the word of God. And that is intelligent reasoning?
Maybe you just have a poor understanding of inspiration. emoticon_xangel  Of course, the council of Nicea was inspired by Satan.
Maybe you just have a poor understanding of inspiration. emoticon_xangel Maybe you just avoided the question. emoticon_xangel
Maybe you just have a poor understanding of inspiration. emoticon_xangel  Or maybe the question is too difficult for you to answer, since you just turned the question with a slight toward charlie horse. When I see someone resot to slights and insults toward the other, rather than answering, it usually tends to mean they don't have a reasonable (or any) answer.  (or maybe you don't want to face the answer because it will challenge your faith).
It is more complex than that, SP, the Bible was compiled by men, but based on what the church at large considered to be a true and accurate reflection of God's will. To dress it up as a small group in smoke fillled rooms deciding what Christianity was going to mean is disingenuous, the divergent groups like the gnostics and aryans were tiny minorities.  As far as I remember, only about 300 bishops (at most - I think it was more like 250) out of over 1800 attended. And yes, they decided on what they believed was a reflection of God's will. That doesn't mean it was a reflection of God's will.  I have been reading through many of the gospels not included in various Bibles (like the NIV/KJV which is the most exclusive I've found). I've read the Catholic canon, and many of the Gnostic gospels, and the Ethiopian canon, because I'm not arrogant enough to believe that the particular translation/collection of certain books in the KJV/NIV, etc. is the only God-inspired thing. And I'm certainly not foolish enough to believe that the Nicene councilmen chose everything correctly, or without bias.  As charliehorse mentioned, why did they have to put it to a VOTE (and also the point on the word "considered")
... this isn't ground that I and probably most thoughtful Christians haven't thought over many times. We've faced it more times to ourselves than you probably have any idea. I'm with you there, jyoshu. Been there many times. Then I stood back and asked why it had to be thought over so often.  And this whole business of criticizing Nicea for taking a vote is just ridiculous. How the heck else would you expect them to do it? It's not like voting is an evil, anti-Christian thing. Heck, if you read Acts, you find the disciples themselves elected at times (the election of Stephen as deacon)... Exactly. How the hell else were they supposed to do it? Men with their own biases and interests, feelings of duty, altruism, political leanings, incomes for their sees et al., will vote accordingly. Human nature.  But inspiration by God doesn't demand a VOTE. What camp were those in who voted against certain gospels being included? Why did the creed change? Why would people be inspired to record God's change of mind?  The Bible as it is today was fashioned on a human VOTE. That set the orthodoxy and doctrines, until someone else came along and tweaked it all. Gospels were in, out, and in again. Scriptures dismissed, scriptures added. Why couldn't God make his mind up once and for all, and give the human race an incontravertible doctrine? Couldn't God find a better way of communicating with his people, instead of a book so open to interpretation? Is the Bible really the work of a Master Craftsman?
Then you must rarely EVER be able to reasonably answer! emoticon_xangel   *shrug* Once again, attempted slights against those who question you and your faith.   Well, one thing I find fascinating is that you or Charlie Horse would seems to think that this isn't ground that I and probably most thoughtful Christians haven't thought over many times. We've faced it more times to ourselves than you probably have any idea. Doesn't mean we have to come to the same conclusions as Charlie Horse.  Oh, I have EVERY Idea of thinking over this ground innumerable times. As a Christian, I'm always evaluating my faith, and the Bible (in its numerous, numerous forms).  It's the height of arrogance to assume that just because someone has concluded that traditional take on things turns out to be correct amounts to them not having been challenged or questioning one's faith. No, it's the height of arrogance to assume that one's traditional take on things is correct, and dismiss the "nontraditionalists" (Unitarians, JW, Gnostics, Aryans, etc. that I mentioned - wouldn't they consider themselves "traditionalists"? :) ) as being incorrect, and "heretics", as well as not Christian.  And this whole business of criticizing Nicea for taking a vote is just ridiculous. How the heck else would you expect them to do it? It's not like voting is an evil, anti-Christian thing. Heck, if you read Acts, you find the disciples themselves elected at times (the election of Stephen as deacon). This whole thing just amounts to trying to find silly things to berate Christianity over. Good grief. emoticon_rolleyes If the most we can do is berate Nicea for taking a vote, then Nicea must not have been too awful bad after all.  I think charliehorse'sresponse to this is quite an apt answer. Yes, the only way they COULD do it is to vote.  As he said:Men with their own biases and interests, feelings of duty, altruism, political leanings, incomes for their sees et al., will vote accordingly. Human nature. 
The Bible is the product of the humans who wrote and compiled it, through it we can glimpse God. It's not perfect, but it's the best that could be achieved in the circumstances. Even those who compiled the New Testament knew its contents weren't perfect, the books towards the end were the ones they were less certain of. There were others that didn't quite make it, there were still others that were way off. There isn't a black and white "this is inspired, this isn't", there's a continuum of what reveals God to us. There is some value in the Apocrypha, the book of wisdom has some worthwhile bits to my mind.  Now THIS I can agree with.
Sadly, he already has: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=274366&postcount=17   That was a joke...
That was a joke...  Read the whole thread it is comedy gold, it turns out Harry Potter is a part of the Evil Atheist Conspiracy to turn people away from God.
 No, it's the height of arrogance to assume that one's traditional take on things is correct, and dismiss the "nontraditionalists" (Unitarians, JW, Gnostics, Aryans, etc. that I mentioned - wouldn't they consider themselves "traditionalists"? :) ) as being incorrect, and "heretics", as well as not Christian.  I'm sure part of the definition or 'heretical' would be to 'go against established proceedures, traditions and beliefs.'  So yes, it's an IF THEN kind of thing. Now, all you need do is establish what came first and then what came later. What's a break away and what's not. Orthodox = Sameness. Heresy = change from that sameness.  For many it's hard to understand these distinctions...as they're ALL mumbo-jumbo and difficult to tell one form of nonsense apart from the others.
Oxford English Dictionary  heresy   noun (pl. heresies) belief or opinion contrary to orthodox religious (Christian) doctrine.  As such any group which diverges from the mainstream (orthodox) version of christianity is by definition heretical. That includes all the Evangelicals.
I'm sure part of the definition or 'heretical' would be to 'go against established proceedures, traditions and beliefs.'  So yes, it's an IF THEN kind of thing. Now, all you need do is establish what came first and then what came later. What's a break away and what's not. Orthodox = Sameness. Heresy = change from that sameness.  For many it's hard to understand these distinctions...as they're ALL mumbo-jumbo and difficult to tell one form of nonsense apart from the others.  Yep. But in the case of Gnostic/Aryan, it is basically impossible to establish "which camefirst and then what came later", because it coexisted with the other forms in question (well before the ouncil of Nicea).  And really, as you pointed out, all that heresy is is a difference, despite attempt by others to emotionally charge the word in a way that it is viewed as negative (as has happened with Christianity, what with the Inquisition and all that - the burning of the "heretics", etc.).
Yep. But in the case of Gnostic/Aryan, it is basically impossible to establish "which camefirst and then what came later", because it coexisted with the other forms in question (well before the ouncil of Nicea).  And really, as you pointed out, all that heresy is is a difference, despite attempt by others to emotionally charge the word in a way that it is viewed as negative (as has happened with Christianity, what with the Inquisition and all that - the burning of the "heretics", etc.).  In the cases of those and some other early sects, other than in isolated cases...they were virtually exterminated.   One of the more interesting things I've encountered is the Celtic faith recreationists. Seeing as very little of this 'old faith' survived to the current era, most encountered who follow this...are simply making things up out of whole cloth and trying to pass it off as the real deal. Occasionally, you'll find a few people who will admit this. But, many who jump in to it are often ignorat of this.  Much like the Word of Faith movement (and for the most part, evangelical christianity) is gnostic in it's approach, they have little to nothing in common to the original gnostic movements during the times of the early church (possibly around Pauls era as it's speculated that his warnings found in his letters to beware of false prophets were dealing with gnostics.)  It's entirely possible that the Catholic sect could be eroded to the point of non-existance and replaced by a heretical sect that would lay claim to orthodoxy. With any attempts to revive Catholicism being considered heresy.  Look at Modern Mormonism and the FLDS polygamy movement. Which is the heretical group and which is the orthodox one? (in context of Mormonism as a whole.)
 I think you mean "Arian" rather than Aryan. Don't mean to be nitpicky, but those are two very unrelated ideological ideas. emoticon_emb That's what I get for posting with sinus congestion. emoticon_emb    I think it's not so important in terms of which came first in terms of arianism, gnosticism, and standard orthodox Christianity. In fact, I'd say that what we think of as orthodox Christianity became organised as a response to those heresies, so in a sense gnosticism and arianism (as somewhat organized systems) probably did come first, in a sense. That doesn't mean, of course, that the basic vein of orthodoxy (trinitarianism, Christ as deity, etc.) was not already the standard of belief (though unorganized into creeds) from the get-go.   Heresy in and of itself is not a belief system, but rather just means departure from orthodoxy. To arianism, orthodoxy would have been a heresy ...  I'd say I agree with this, and yes, I think gnosticism and arianism likely came first.
Heresy in and of itself is not a belief system, but rather just means departure from orthodoxy. To arianism, orthodoxy would have been a heresy ...  Except they would call their own beliefs orthodoxy and the others' simply heresy. (or maybe they wouldn't disparage other beliefs with a term like that, perhaps they were more tolerant of a diversity of beliefs than the "orthodox" christians who seems to feel conformity was important. what do I know?)
Are you talking about Celtic Paganism or Celtic Christianity here?  Paganism. Sorry for not making that clear. ;)
Well...I never.  Everyone knows God loves me most or my name isn't Saddam Hussein!  Why, I even have some pics of me and the old luvy dovey. Here.  Jealous?  You should be.  I thought you were going to say, "or my name isn't George W. Bush."
George Carlin said that God recieves trillions of prayers a week, most of which are on sunday, his day off. Sad existence.
Unriggable, isn't the God's day off Saturday?
Unriggable, isn't the God's day off Saturday?  Yep, and so should everyone else's, apparently. But don't worry, you only get an eternity of damnation for ignoring god's word.  Smiley
Doesn't the concept of eternal punishment contradict the bible's own teaching regarding punishment for crimes not exceeding the original crime's harm?  "An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth"  Nothing any human could possibly do would inflict eternal suffering, therefore eternal suffering cannot be meted out as a punishment within the biblical framework.
No, not true at all. G-d desires for us to willingly love Him suprememly and for our lives to be guided by Him just as any earthly father would guide his own children. Hell is a place of utter torment that people, who reject G-d, choose to end up in. Consequences of our decisions have eternal signifigance.  I'm sure you have God on speed dial. Thats how you know all of this right?
Of course it is arrogant and insulting to call people gullible because of their beliefs merely because you believe something different.Just as it is arrogant to refer to beliefs as "truth". Btw I don't see my disbelief as just another "belief".
God loves Atheists best 'cuz we're cuter!
So how should one address people who believe in fairytales? Just because beliefs are sincerely held does not in the slightest make them valid.  I don't know that any non-believer sets out deliberately to insult; it's rather a case of seeing otherwise sensible people being led astray by myth and the feelings that come from that.  I'm glad you said that some people are usually sensible enough not to take all the Bible literally. But the same 'sensible' people can just as easily shout down 'fundies' for their literalistic interpretations. We then see Christians at each other's throats. Yup. Very sensible.  So if the Bible is the word of God, why are there 'fundies' and non-fundies? And that is one reason why some of us here see such nonsense in religion.  Not personal, not arrogant. Just expressing what we see. Nonsense, and nonsense beliefs.  I have to agree with everything you've said. It is nonsense and gullibility. Incredible ignorance that leads to evil.
The question is: Does God exist? If he/she/it does exist would he/she/it condone the incalculable amount of slaughter that has and still is being perpetrated in the NAME OF RELIGION?  Is it a conscionable god that slaughters millions Jews, gypsies and countless other unwanted undesirables (including INNOCENT babies and children of these unwanted undesirables)...or the unwanted Chinese, Vietnamese, Turks, etc. Etc. Etc. Let's not forget the millions of Catholics, Protestants and Muslim, in fact; has any race been spared from ending up in the HATE cycle of killing the unwanted that "God" does not want? Is God a cold hearted mass murderer just in the morning, or in evening? What are God's guidelines for killing off the sinners? Why does God need to revert to killing at all? Or does the messenger of God carry out all the murders? Who benefits from all the killing, God or the messengers? Could there have been a better God strategy? How about the all powerful and all seeing God simply visiting each and every sinner in town and command that they stop sinning... Let me tell you that if God talked to me just once I would never "sin" again. Why did only a few men in the last ten thousand years talk directly to god? Why can't everyone talk to God?  It is time to be honest. Question what you have been duped into believing. Who knows, you may find that you can find a God like tranquility and peace within yourself without having to believe that God is running the show.
If you want to be honest, you could start by substantiating your claim that you can prove gods do not exist.  Or just admit you are a faith based preacher, as bad as any fundamentalist.
If you want to be honest, you could start by substantiating your claim that you can prove gods do not exist.  Or just admit you are a faith based preacher, as bad as any fundamentalist.  So you think Zeus and all the other Greek gods exist?
Feel free samiinh. After all, chemist asked me the same question just yesterday pertaining to the same subject. And the same question about being angry at an allegedly non existent God applies to you too.  So, IOW, you are saying that those of us who are intelligent enough to realize that your non existent imaginary god doesn't exist have a chemical imbalance? Wow, that's quite a stretch even for you Archie baby.
So you think Zeus and all the other Greek gods exist?  I don't believe in any gods, but thankyou for assuming anyone who disagrees with your ridiculous assertions about proving gods non-existance must be a theist.  Just like creationists assume anyone who disagrees with creationism must be an atheist.  You're just as bad as them, and your arguments, if you could call them that, just as short on substance.
I don't believe in any gods, but thankyou for assuming anyone who disagrees with your ridiculous assertions about proving gods non-existance must be a theist.  Just like creationists assume anyone who disagrees with creationism must be an atheist.  You're just as bad as them, and your arguments, if you could call them that, just as short on substance.  So why are you here? Do you have anything to offer of any substance?
Is there some sort of irony you're aiming for?  You imagine I am religious, and begin attacking my imaginary faith. You then ask if I have anything of substance to add.  You criticise the religious folks here for claiming they have the TRUTH about god, while preaching that you have the TRUTH about god.  So yes, the substance I have here is that atheists who boast about being able to disprove the existence of gods are hypocrites. You claim to not believe in god, and then claim to have proof of things that only a god could. You make the rest of us atheists look bad with your reasonless and hate filled ramblings.
Is there some sort of irony you're aiming for?  You imagine I am religious, and begin attacking my imaginary faith. You then ask if I have anything of substance to add.  You criticise the religious folks here for claiming they have the TRUTH about god, while preaching that you have the TRUTH about god.  So yes, the substance I have here is that atheists who boast about being able to disprove the existence of gods are hypocrites. You claim to not believe in god, and then claim to have proof of things that only a god could. You make the rest of us atheists look bad with your reasonless and hate filled ramblings.  The fact that I find a belief in an imaginary god, not unlike a belief in the tooth fairy or santa claus, is "reasonless and hate filled"? How do you get there? I'm not filled with hate. I am astonished that so many normal, intelligent people can fall hook line and sinker for what I see as a well orchestrated hoax. Christianity is no different than any other cult I suppose. If one looks at its history, however, and its pagan rituals, one might wonder why or how he could believe such tripe as TRUTH. Really, angels, and virgin births, resurrections, and life after death....is really a difficult thing to swallow.   The lessons of kindness, and concern for others, that the alleged Jesus taught are lessons to live by for sure. But we don't see a lot of the most vocal christians living this way, now do we. How many of the current batch of republican candidates for president, the ones who wear their religion on their sleeves, has talked about the poor in this world? Not one of them.
Not filled with hate?!?! emoticon_ic Excuse me for not taking that statement seriously.  Why, Bassman, can't you tell that I love you rightwing wackos?
If you want to be honest, you could start by substantiating your claim that you can prove gods do not exist.  Or just admit you are a faith based preacher, as bad as any fundamentalist.  The proof is in the pudding.. I suggest that you read my post again and let me know if you disagree with any of my opinions. If not, then you have to come to the conclusion that God does not exsist... God's only exsistance in the minds of believers just as was the case with believers of different Gods throughout human history.   I do not understand what you are referring to when you said, "just admit you are a faith based preacher, as bad as any fundamentalist"?   By the way it should be ovious that I am an atheist.
The proof is in the pudding.. I suggest that you read my post again and let me know if you disagree with any of my opinions. If not, then you have to come to the conclusion that God does not exsist... God's only exsistance in the minds of believers just as was the case with believers of different Gods throughout human history.   I do not understand what you are referring to when you said, "just admit you are a faith based preacher, as bad as any fundamentalist"?   By the way it should be ovious that I am an atheist.  Symbiote seems to have had a large hair across his butt.
The fact that I find a belief in an imaginary god, not unlike a belief in the tooth fairy or santa claus, is "reasonless and hate filled"? How do you get there? I'm not filled with hate. I am astonished that so many normal, intelligent people can fall hook line and sinker for what I see as a well orchestrated hoax. Christianity is no different than any other cult I suppose. If one looks at its history, however, and its pagan rituals, one might wonder why or how he could believe such tripe as TRUTH. Really, angels, and virgin births, resurrections, and life after death....is really a difficult thing to swallow.   The lessons of kindness, and concern for others, that the alleged Jesus taught are lessons to live by for sure. But we don't see a lot of the most vocal christians living this way, now do we. How many of the current batch of republican candidates for president, the ones who wear their religion on their sleeves, has talked about the poor in this world? Not one of them.  I agree with you..TOTALLY! I was raised a Catholic and went to Catholic schools. I must tell you that most of what I was taught was that there going to be dire consequences if I ever did anything against the church teachings... For example, I would go to hell is I ate meat on a Friday or had "impure thoughts". As children, our faith was practiced through "the tough love of God". Yep, he loved us so much that he would see us burn in hell for just about anything... And forever! If you read the Bible, especially the Old Testament, you will uncover a vengeful God. Killing is almost constant.. Be it God killing man or man hilling "his" son (Actually Him. For the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit are one in the same???????) Maybe this is what religion really teaches man? Just take a look at all of the wars that have taken place because of religion. Millions of people have died because of their beliefs. Yep a loving God all right! Gods have been this way throughout history. All demanded sacrifices.. and got them, be it men and/or animals! Killing is the name of the game. The last thing I want to share with you is that attended a Catholic grammar school. The nuns (They were wonderful.. beat the #### out of anyone who misbehaved.. usually with the metal edged ruler until your knuckles bled. We even had a nun who would hang you outside of a window) told us of the "glorious deaths" of apostles and other Christians at the hands of the Romans. Looking back on it, I don't think that being eaten my Lions is very glorious. The good Sisters told us that we too could go to heaven defending the church. Boy, I could hardly wait! I honestly taught about it for a very long time... Especially after receiving communion. I would ask God to have me die for the church. Sound a bit familiar? The Muslims don't have a lock on dying for their beliefs. But they do have an advantage... Their religious training. It is a bit more rigorous. So they line up by the hundreds to die defending their religion, going to heaven, and having seventy virgins after death. I don't know about you, but 70 virgins!!! I would much rather have one experienced woman than 70 virgins...emoticon_xbouncer
I agree with you..TOTALLY! I was raised a Catholic and went to Catholic schools. I must tell you that most of what I was taught was that there going to be dire consequences if I ever did anything against the church teachings... For example, I would go to hell is I ate meat on a Friday or had "impure thoughts". As children, our faith was practiced through "the tough love of God". Yep, he loved us so much that he would see us burn in hell for just about anything... And forever! If you read the Bible, especially the Old Testament, you will uncover a vengeful God. Killing is almost constant.. Be it God killing man or man hilling "his" son (Actually Him. For the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit are one in the same???????) Maybe this is what religion really teaches man? Just take a look at all of the wars that have taken place because of religion. Millions of people have died because of their beliefs. Yep a loving God all right! Gods have been this way throughout history. All demanded sacrifices.. and got them, be it men and/or animals! Killing is the name of the game. The last thing I want to share with you is that attended a Catholic grammar school. The nuns (They were wonderful.. beat the #### out of anyone who misbehaved.. usually with the metal edged ruler until your knuckles bled. We even had a nun who would hang you outside of a window) told us of the "glorious deaths" of apostles and other Christians at the hands of the Romans. Looking back on it, I don't think that being eaten my Lions is very glorious. The good Sisters told us that we too could go to heaven defending the church. Boy, I could hardly wait! I honestly taught about it for a very long time... Especially after receiving communion. I would ask God to have me die for the church. Sound a bit familiar? The Muslims don't have a lock on dying for their beliefs. But they do have an advantage... Their religious training. It is a bit more rigorous. So they line up by the hundreds to die defending their religion, going to heaven, and having seventy virgins after death. I don't know about you, but 70 virgins!!! I would much rather have one experienced woman than 70 virgins...emoticon_xbouncer  Thanks for sharing your story. I've heard about those nuns. Did you ever see the movie, Magadine Laundries? It takes place in Ireland in the last century, and makes one question how anybody group could be so cruel as those catholic nuns. The RCC is filled with abusive people, it would appear, and personally, I believe it has been that way for centuries.  When I was about 9 or 10, a neighbor girl who was a year or so older than I, informed me that I and my family would be going to hell because we were not catholics. How could a loving group of people teach their children such nonsense and evil?
I say that i have much more faith in the Lord Jesus Christ than I have in you   But that is only your opinion. I have no faith whatsoever in your jc, because as far as I am concerned he is an imaginary delusion in your head. And no matter how many times you say what you say, you will convince no one that he is anything more than that.
I would have to say that where your logic breaks down is in assigning responsibility for the actions of man with God. There's no reason to believe that a God is responsible for or condones the actions of men, therefore you can't say that men's actions have any bearing on the existence or nonexistence of any diety.  Maybe you want to go back and read my post again. I did not say he condoned the actions of man. What I did say was,  If he/she/it does exist would he/she/it condone the incalculable amount of slaughter that has and still is being perpetrated in the NAME OF RELIGION? The point is that if loving God did exist he would not condone the actions of man and would have, at some point in our history, step in a put an end to all of the killing "In his name". IE: Sunnis killing Shiites, Shiites killing Sunnis, Bosnian Serbs killing Muslims, Muslims killing Serbs, Protestants killing Catholics (Northern Ireland), Catholics killing Protestants, Jews killing Muslims, Muslims killing Jews, emoticon_xkill etc, etc, etc. How can anyone say that God exists when so millions of his "children" have been killed over the centuries defending the faith? If you believe in a God, then you have to think that man is part of a huge board game that he is playing and gets enjoyment out the playing of it. Personally, if I were God, I would be pretty tired of man by now and want to go on to something else. Think of it. How many of the "faithful" does he need to sing praise to him day in and day out? I think he would go out of his mind! :xbanghead
Thanks for sharing your story. I've heard about those nuns. Did you ever see the movie, Magadine Laundries? It takes place in Ireland in the last century, and makes one question how anybody group could be so cruel as those catholic nuns. The RCC is filled with abusive people, it would appear, and personally, I believe it has been that way for centuries.  When I was about 9 or 10, a neighbor girl who was a year or so older than I, informed me that I and my family would be going to hell because we were not catholics. How could a loving group of people teach their children such nonsense and evil?  I can go you one better. My neighbor is "born again" (Baptist, I think?). He has told me, on a regular basis, that I am going to burn in the "liquid fires" of hell (I have to ask him what is meant by the liquid fires?) because I have not accepted jc. So, I posed a question to him. I first asked him if his god is a loving and merciful god? He answered with an assertable, "YES." Of course he is!" I then said, "OK, supposed I lived on an Island never visited by Christians or any religious group and lived my life in peace and never violated any of the commandments. When I died where would I go? His answer...you guessed it... "The liquid fires of hell!! No matter what I said he would not budge. This is the same guy who told me that it is alright for the Jews to kill Arabs, including women and innocent children, BECAUSE god gave the land to the Jews. "Hopefully this will bring on the Rapture that mentioned in the bible." NUTS!!!! And scary at the same time! POST NOTE: I told Richard (That is his name) that if I went to hell I am taking some chicken with me and will have a big BBQ.. And would invite him down for a bite. For some reason, at this point, he got up and left?? You figure? I posed the same question to another friend of mine who is not wacky as Richard is. She said that I would have the opportunity to accept jc at the time of the rapture. So, I asked. If I died hundreds or thousands of years ago and it may be hundreds or thousands more before the "rapture" where would my soul go? She didn't have an answer for me. Personally, I think I would be put in some closet as the nuns did to "bad" students awaiting the big jc to step in!emoticon_xangel
  Would you comment on the idea that only Christians will go to heaven?
Why God, if he exists, doesn't "do" something about suffering is an interesting and valid question, but it isn't proof that there is no God. But it does make an interesting dichotomy of God's perceived attributes. On the one hand there is the belief that God is true, loving and just, and worthy of our worship. On the other, we see an inconsistent master of evil, a jealous and truculent entity, who condones evil.  He's not allowing mankind to graze his knee, he's condoning horror and evil. He's condoning it, because he knows its wrong, and has the authority and power to stop it now. That makes God a willing participant in evil.  Granted this doesn't disprove God, but it's enough to make a lot of people deny his existence rather than worship such a perceived contrary creature.
...Another thought. Let's say God did stop the killing in his name. Tomorrow, around the world, all guns disappear. What would that do to us, as a people? What if everyone suddenly knew that God was watching? And not just watching, but prepared to act if he doesn't like what he saw? That would crush us. How could anyone do even the simplest thing knowing that he was being watched and judged all the time? Imagine trying to do your job if your boss was standing right behind you all day. Now multiply that by a gagillion... You make valid points, Kronus, but if I may highlight the above even one step further: the problems have stopped, man has free will, God is watching. Sounds like the Heaven that some espouse and others would shun.
Not filled with hate?!?! emoticon_ic Excuse me for not taking that statement seriously.  You confuse hate with FACTemoticon_smile
There is no proof or pudding in your first post in this thread. And everything you've said is just that, YOUR OPINION. So understand me when I say that i have much more faith in the Lord Jesus Christ than I have in you whom I don't even know. At least He is real to me and has personally affected my life in very real ways.  No disrespect intended in that I agree with you in that "he" is real to you, just as Santa is to children whose parents told them there is a REAL Santa. Just as you were told when you were very young. Santa also affects the lives of children in a very positive way just like you imaginary god does.
Perhaps you didn't mean to say condone per se, but your logic is still flawed, and for the reasons I stated. You have this assumption that God, if he exists, ought to step in and do something, particularly about things done "in his name". Why are you making that assumption? What's your basis for it? You seem to think that an omnipotent, omniscient being should think and act like a human, which is a pretty outrageous assumption. Throw in "acts in mysterious ways" and it becomes impossible to predict how God "ought" to act. If you must ascribe human motives to God, here are a few possibilities to explain the behavior which you find inexplicable. He really believes in free will. He only really cares about the immortal soul, not the transient body. The only way that humanity as a whole will ever understand the divine will is to fight against those who misrepresent it. All of which is to say, who can say? Maybe God is treating us like a toddler and letting us skin our knees so that we can learn to walk more carefully; when you're talking about an omniscient being you really can't take your limited view of the universe and say that, because this being doesn't fit that view, they don't exist. Why God, if he exists, doesn't "do" something about suffering is an interesting and valid question, but it isn't proof that there is no God.  I am not saying that he "ought to step in" per se and talk to anyone and everyone, what I am saying is that if he indeed does talk to a few, why not everyone. Here is my point, it seems to me that if God is loving and merciful, then what is God's reasoning that hundreds of millions of his tiny precious souls die senseless horrendous and often violent deaths? "Free Will", with devastating consequences is not an answer. Where does the "toddler stage" begin and end? Now tell me again how I am putting human characteristics on to an omnipotent God. How can you say that "He" believes in free will, is that not giving God human characteristics too. Let's face it, everyone relates god to human behavior because that is our only point of reference.  "Acts in mysterious ways" is a blanket explanation to TRY to explain the "WHY" of an event that does not conform to the "Loving and Merciful" concept of God. Excuse my outrageous assumption, but I am sure that the parents, husbands, wives, and children of the devout Peruvian Christians who were killed during a special mass praising god, when a church collapsed during an earthquake. Do you really believe that the families are relying on the "mysterious ways" to explain "Why" their loved ones died? "Mysterious Ways" does not give the comfort of answering "Why" babies and children are pulverized.  It is beyond comprehension that he is interested only in immortal souls and not the pain and suffering of "his" children. Sometimes the explanation put forth is we are paying for the sin committed by Adam & Eve. Oh please give me more to go on.
"He" is real to all of us fjp, whether we acknowledge Him or not, God is alive and well on Planet Earth. And the day comes for each man when he faces that reality. For some of us it's a long awaited day of joy and for others a long dreaded day. But believe me when I tell you that just because one denies that God exists, it does nothing to lessen His reality.  And just why is he "real to you"? I bet that you were born into your faith, as I was. I would also bet that your parents, or someone close to you, introduced you to your religion. God did not pay you a personal visit, so you took what others gave you as fact. Therefore, your religious routes are strong and deep. Again, as were mine. But the difference between you and me is that I eventually questioned my beliefs. I took a hard look at the existence of god and why I felt he existed. Keep in mind that, at the time, it was very serious business for me. If I made the wrong choice, according to the church, I was going to hell. I put aside faith (Blind faith) and used my intellect to make the right decision. I came up a few thoughts as follows: 1. Why would a supernatural being make man then put him through hell on earth in order to get a place at his table? 2. What possible joy could he get from having millions of souls praising him day in and day out? 3. Since he knows the outcome of everyone's life, what is the point in having man try to make it to heaven? He already knows what you will or will not do. 4 Has religion been a good thing for man or has it been the cause of so much carnage that we even see today? Etc, etc. No matter how hard I try I just logically cannot see an existence of a god....
The difference being that young children have no reason beyond being told that Father Christmas exists for believing. Most Christians have had some experience in their lives beyond what they have been told that causes them to believe. I know it's hard for those who don't want God in their lives to contemplate that intrusion in their existence, the overwhelming personal proof of the existence of the divine, but that's no excuse for trivialising the experience of those who have welcomed that intrusion.  While this is a Your Mileage May Vary sort of situation, my personal experience with dealing with a vast aray of 'Christians' of all sects as well as study of the phenomina has it being the opposite. With only a small fraction of 'believers' ever having experienced anything that couldn't be easily dealt with with a more plausible explanation. Yep, here, I rarely see anyone with a 'supernatural' God-experience.  They simply stick with what they've been taught. Early indoctrinations. Says to do so in the bible and from dealing with psychological and manipulative issues...it's EXTREMELY effective. Raise that child up in the manner that they should go...  Many so indoctrinated simply can't fully break away even when they, deep inside, know there is nothing holding them to a nonsensical belief system, they simply find it too hard to take that leap into athiesm...even though, for all practical purposes...they ARE athiests. This is most noticible for layman viewing in politicians. Who flip flop and waiver back and forth on 'their faith'.  Another common phenomina is the new age pagans...that typically are composed of mostly ex-Christians. For some reason, they want to break away but can't. So, they make stuff up to make themselves feel comfortable. Some feel 'special' doing so. Others still get to maintain a form of 'community' with like minded people that athiests simply seldom have.
The difference being that young children have no reason beyond being told that Father Christmas exists for believing. Most Christians have had some experience in their lives beyond what they have been told that causes them to believe. I know it's hard for those who don't want God in their lives to contemplate that intrusion in their existence, the overwhelming personal proof of the existence of the divine, but that's no excuse for trivialising the experience of those who have welcomed that intrusion.  I have two questions for you. What exactly was the experience in your life? And, how old were you when you were introducted to your relegion?  I, in no way, mean to trivialize your experience. I am interested in debating the very existance of a god. Keeping this in mind.....I had an experience a few years back when I nearly lost my foot in an accident. Does this mean that god was there to prevent the loss of my foot? A religious person might say, "yes". I say it was an accident and I was fortunate... period. My sister's husband fell off a ladder, had his face crushed and nearly lost his life. His reaction, "God was with me." Mine: Too bad god did not prevent you from falling off the ladder in the first place. I guess it all depends on a point of view?
While this is a Your Mileage May Vary sort of situation, my personal experience with dealing with a vast aray of 'Christians' of all sects as well as study of the phenomina has it being the opposite. With only a small fraction of 'believers' ever having experienced anything that couldn't be easily dealt with with a more plausible explanation. Yep, here, I rarely see anyone with a 'supernatural' God-experience.  They simply stick with what they've been taught. Early indoctrinations. Says to do so in the bible and from dealing with psychological and manipulative issues...it's EXTREMELY effective. Raise that child up in the manner that they should go...  Many so indoctrinated simply can't fully break away even when they, deep inside, know there is nothing holding them to a nonsensical belief system, they simply find it too hard to take that leap into athiesm...even though, for all practical purposes...they ARE athiests. This is most noticible for layman viewing in politicians. Who flip flop and waiver back and forth on 'their faith'.  Another common phenomina is the new age pagans...that typically are composed of mostly ex-Christians. For some reason, they want to break away but can't. So, they make stuff up to make themselves feel comfortable. Some feel 'special' doing so. Others still get to maintain a form of 'community' with like minded people that athiests simply seldom have.  "Early indoctrinations. Raise that child up in the manner that they should go"... This is an extremely profound statement because it is true for most everyone, especially when it comes to religion. If anyone has doubts, take a look at Madtrasas. Commit the Koran to memory at a very young age and what do you get? Devout Muslims! .. I have nothing against Muslims. So, please don't put me on any hit list. The same holds true of any religious school or when parents indoctrinate their children. I used the aforementioned examples of indoctrination becasue they are apropos.
My experience was not tongues of fire or a voice coming down out of heaven, but it was real nonetheless. Yes you can mock it or dismiss it as coincidence, but I know what happened to me. When I look back over the last few years I see God's hand in it everywhere, even through disappointments and doubt God has led me to new opportunities and new hope. This is what non-theists have difficulty in understanding, and therefore dismiss. I think one aspect of it is to do with laws of averages. The argument is that everything that happened to you would have happened anyway. You rule out chance or endeavour, and seek to ascribe a supernatural phenomena to it, as if that was your Godly good luck. And without any evidence whatsoever that can be examined or substantiated.  You've found your niche in the pecking order of life - good luck to you in that - along with everybody else. Nothing supernatural about it.
One thing I left out is that I always said I'd never be a teacher, I certainly never wanted to be a teacher. God has a strange way of calling us to do what we don't think we want to do. The Methodist chaplain at my university trained as an architect, thinking God wanted to him to design community buildings and schools. It turned out God had a different plan in mind.  By the way, there is no law of averages, that's a fiction generated by the statistically illiterate. If you want to argue from probability, use Bayes theorem.  Good luck with your teaching. It can be a joyful experience. I taught for a number of years myself, but my children wanted to eat year round and on my salary, that wasn't working too well, so I left to go into the business world where we did somewhat better.
... By the way, there is no law of averages, that's a fiction generated by the statistically illiterate. If you want to argue from probability, use Bayes theorem. I was using the term as a figure of speech and common parlance, how rational people would see your claims. Bayes' Theorem doesn't enter the equation (excuse pun) because it has no bearing on what you actually perceive.  That your life panned out a certain way is down to chance, unforeseen occurrence, luck, diligence, endeavour on your part, or whatever. It's only supernatural because you can't (or won't) conceive of a logical/rational explanation, therefore you invoke the supernatural.
One of the greatest rewards in a working lifetime is being able to teach a subject you thoroughly enjoy. The enthusiasm will always rub off on others.
[QUOTE=Archangel;279387]Well you would lose that bet big time fjp, because I not only wasn't born christian but I am a first generation American of Shia Islamic descent. My Father was born in Syria and my Mothers Parents were born in Lebanon. My dad was very conservative according to American Customs and Culture too. Luckily for me we didn't have a Mosque in our State because we were the only Arabs here when i was a kid. But rather than repeat what everyone else here has already heard, go back and read my posts. The miracle thread has quite a bit of my testimony in it which will help you understand how I came to know Christ personally and become what He referred to as Born Again.   Forget the church. It can't save you or condemn you. You abandoned your search for absolute truth and have settled for what you can see and touch. You deceive yourself by claiming that because you can't intellectualize God then He must not exist.  God created us in love, that's why He made us. As for hell on Earth ? We created that ourselves. Along with the fact that the god of this World seeks to destroy us and get us to take our focus off of our only Savior, the Living God. You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it.    -------------------------------------------------------------------------- I would lose the bet?? I think not. I did say that you were born a Christian... Did I? You misconstrued what I was trying to convey in my posting. By faith, I was referring to a belief in a god.  Your parents were of a particular faith and they exposed you to a belief in god... You were born a Muslim and your father, in particular, was very conservative... Which I assume you mean religious? Therefore, your father set the wheels in motion for you to have a belief in a god. You stated that I abandoned my search for the absolute truth?? How do you think I became an Atheist? I will tell you. I, indeed, did find the absolute truth! God does not exist. Now on to the OUCH OF YOURS! IE: "God created us in love, that's why He made us. As for hell on Earth. We created that ourselves. Along with the fact that the god of this World seeks to destroy us and get us to take our focus off of our only Savior, the Living God. You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it."  Sure he did... He supposedly created Adam & Eve, they "sinned", then he decided that all men had to pay the price for what they did. Yep, he is a gem.  I agree that we (man) has created hell on earth (Especially when you take in account all the strife cause by religion). But what is in it for god? He knows how it will all turn out doesn't he? So what is the point of it all? He knows that I am going to hell (in religious minds anyway) so why did he have me born into this world. Did he figure that I should get a double whammy? Or is it just a game to keep him entertained? Now on to another OUCH OF YOURS: "You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it."  Really? I have a beautiful wife of 27 years, five wonderful children, ten of the best grandchildren that a grandparent could ever hope for and friends who do not judge nor condemn me for my views on religion. Plus, I retired at the age of 49, live in a large house on the water and do not need anything else this life has to offer. Of course if I believed in a god, I would say, "Thanks to god". Why say I had something to do with it....emoticon_cry  I will read your posts as you suggested within the next day or two.
[QUOTE=Jo Bennett;279402]One thing I left out is that I always said I'd never be a teacher, I certainly never wanted to be a teacher. God has a strange way of calling us to do what we don't think we want to do. The Methodist chaplain at my university trained as an architect, thinking God wanted to him to design community buildings and schools. It turned out God had a different plan in mind.  --------------------------------------------------------  So god made you become a teacher?? What ever happen to FREE WILL? Do you realize what you are saying? One can then argue that god made a person homeless and living with aids rather than becoming the heart surgeon he wanted to be.emoticon_mad
What Archie doesn't say of course is the thing that does unite us... We are both apostate and I am as likely to go back to Christianity as he is to Islam. Indeed he is perhaps more likely to return to islam as he has regular contact with people who are religious.
[QUOTE=Jo Bennett;279494]  God didn't make me, he presented me with opportunities to see that it was a way I could serve others and him, and make use of the skills he had given me. I could have chosen to do something else, but I trust that God has some idea what he's about.  I would find this true, since I don't believe there is a god, but we are presented with opportunities and hopefully we make the best of them. It sounds like you are doing so.
The implication that I would return to the religion of my birth which I firmly accept as evil and founded by satan himself makes your statement patently ridiculous. So as I fully accept that you are an apostate, I would never deny what Christ has done for me and would gladly die before rejecting Him. And by the way Ripskar, returning to christianity isn't the road to salvation. Only a personal relationship with Christ which means receiving His Holy Spirit within you is the defining act of being born again. And lest one be born again, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Just so you know the route to salvation and not just end up in the dead end of a church.  That would be nice and neat, AA, if there ever had been a Jesus Christ. But since this person never existed, I'm afraid it is all nice flower talk and superstition and delusions and nothing more. Sorry for you.
emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer  Jesus jumping froggies.
[QUOTE=Archangel;279488]  Nice back pedaling.    Everything you say here implies I inherited the religion of my parents just as you were raised a catholic so you thought I was raised in christianity too and just continued on in that cultural belief. You lose credibility by trying to now change what you actually said to mean something else. I was born a moslem and at 22 years old I met Jesus Christ in a supernatural way, as all born again experiences are; and I have been His child ever since. Nothing cultural or inherited at all about my experience which completely refutes the point you attempted to make.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Obviously, I have to be more clear in my posts because you are not able to comprehend euphemisms. I was not saying you "inherited' your religion. What was implied was that your parents started you on your path seeking god.....PERIOD! "He who seeks usually finds what he is looking for...even an imaginary god!"  In reagards to meeting jc in a supernatural way... You may be right. I have a very good friend who is born again. He told me that his life was a mess and he was sleeping with other women while married... then one night he awoke and saw jc. This changed his life forever and put him on the "right path" (For years he has been trying to get me on the same path...pushy, pushy, pushy.. but I love him (don't get the wrong idea..as a friend.. just the same). Strange that jc only seems to appear to the born again gang one on one. I wonder why he never appears to a group... like a church survice? Maybe he is just shy?emoticon_emb
The implication that I would return to the religion of my birth which I firmly accept as evil and founded by satan himself makes your statement patently ridiculous. So as I fully accept that you are an apostate, I would never deny what Christ has done for me and would gladly die before rejecting Him. And by the way Ripskar, returning to christianity isn't the road to salvation. Only a personal relationship with Christ which means receiving His Holy Spirit within you is the defining act of being born again. And lest one be born again, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Just so you know the route to salvation and not just end up in the dead end of a church. _________________________________________________________________  Archangel, I am curious. Seriously. No trick questions here. When did the "born again" Christian movement start? I am asking you because I am assuming that you did some research into the movement before you embraced it as your religion. Also, why do you have "your unworthy servant" under your I.D.? What is meant by these words?
The implication that I would return to the religion of my birth which I firmly accept as evil and founded by satan himself makes your statement patently ridiculous. So as I fully accept that you are an apostate, I would never deny what Christ has done for me and would gladly die before rejecting Him. And by the way Ripskar, returning to christianity isn't the road to salvation. Only a personal relationship with Christ which means receiving His Holy Spirit within you is the defining act of being born again. And lest one be born again, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Just so you know the route to salvation and not just end up in the dead end of a church.  _________________________________________________________________  I have another question. You say that Islam was founded by satan. On what basis are you professing that satan is behind Islam and is evil?
_________________________________________________________________  Archangel, I am curious. Seriously. No trick questions here. When did the "born again" Christian movement start? I am asking you because I am assuming that you did some research into the movement before you embraced it as your religion. Also, why do you have "your unworthy servant" under your I.D.? What is meant by these words?  I can't speak for AA, obviously, but I believe that "born again slick" comes from the bible. Jesus said something to the effect that the only way to get to heaven was to be "born again" in him or something like that. Doesn't make much sense to me, but then, not much of christianity does. Just a bunch of hocus pocus, and supernatural ########.
I can't speak for AA, obviously, but I believe that "born again slick" comes from the bible. Jesus said something to the effect that the only way to get to heaven was to be "born again" in him or something like that. Doesn't make much sense to me, but then, not much of christianity does. Just a bunch of hocus pocus, and supernatural ########.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------  I aware of that. I am looking for an approximate date when "born again" movement started?  I was raised as a Catholic (Thank goodness I was not born a Protestant. Otherwise, I still would believe in a god). I remained a Catholic for almost half of my adult life and did not hear the term "born again evangelic Christians" until a few short years ago.  Any idea when this evengelical movement began?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------  I aware of that. I am looking for an approximate date when "born again" movement started?  I was raised as a Catholic (Thank goodness I was not born a Protestant. Otherwise, I still would believe in a god). I remained a Catholic for almost half of my adult life and did not hear the term "born again evangelic Christians" until a few short years ago.  Any idea when this evengelical movement began?  It's been around a long time, just more apparent today, I think. After the Scopes trial in the 1920s, the evangelicals crawled back into their closets for about 30 years, but since the 1970s they've been coming out.   I was raised as a Methodist, and I don't recall ever hearing the phrase, " born again", in my church, but George Bush calls himself a "born again" and he is a Methodist, I believe.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------  I aware of that. I am looking for an approximate date when "born again" movement started?  I was raised as a Catholic (Thank goodness I was not born a Protestant. Otherwise, I still would believe in a god). I remained a Catholic for almost half of my adult life and did not hear the term "born again evangelic Christians" until a few short years ago.  Any idea when this evengelical movement began?  From what I gather, some trappings of it would have started in the 1800's and then burst with the advent of the current Pentecostal movement which started ~1900. Popularity of the term and belief surged in the 60's and 70's when that belief system went main stream and Charismatic practices became more acceptable.  IIRC, there are passages in the bible to support this term, being ' "born again" of the Holy Spirit' for example.  Most Christian faiths of old focused on the Christ and God with little emphasis on the Holy Spirity/ Ghost. This new movement almost focuses exclusively on the HS which they attribute nearly all of their experiential beliefs to.  See, Jesus and God are pretty well defined but the H.S. isn't. Thus, you'll often see many huskters manipulate a congregations ignorance for personal benefit.  As of late, this form of belief is extreamly popular with close to 1/2 a billion followers believing in one form or another of Pentecostalism. It's eroding traditional stongholds of Catholicism and Protestantism in many parts of the world, notably Africa, South American and Asia.  Born Again can have 2 stages. Simple Born Again in Christ which is typical a water baptismal and then the Born Again by receiving the Holy Spirit.  Both can happen at the same time but from seeing this practice and as stated in the bible, they don't have to be.  Sorry for the long answer.
It isn't believers who are delusional, it's the natural man who is blind and incapable of seeing a whole World that exists around them. This is backwards. It is the believers who are delusional. Just read AA's posts and you'll see how badly damaged they are.
   Thanks for making my point that you are totally blind to the spiritual world I live in. You never cease to prove that my statements of fact are just that, facts. The fact that you are delusional can be read in every post you leave, AA. I can't help put point out the TRUTH of that FACT.
When an estimated 90% of Americans believe in God and you don't, maybe it's more likely the nominal skeptics who are in the dark. LOL!  When an estimated 67% of the world* doesn't believe in your "God" (even more if you include the many who don't believe in your particular version of the Christian "God" but in a different one), maybe it's more likely that it's you that's in the dark. LOL!     *http://www.britannica.com/eb/article-9432620/Worldwide-Adherents-of-All-Religions-Mid-2005
Ah, the ignorance of the Christian right, that they equate liberal and atheist.  Exactly. I'd be an athiest right by most classifications here.  Originally Posted by Easyrider  When an estimated 90% of Americans believe in God and you don't, maybe it's more likely the nominal skeptics who are in the dark. LOL! Actually, it's more like '90% of Americans SAY they believe in God.'  But, for all practical purposes, their actions say they don't. Just a couple of nights back the wife was lamenting how many church members were engaged in sexual immorality, adultery and even orgies.  I know most times I attended, I played the game of 'Which Christian teen was going to get pregnant next because their parents don't parent like they should and think that "well, they're Christian and are not doing anything even though they have no supervision and engage in co-ed activities"...' Was a fun game. No one liked me playing it...even though I was often right...waiting a couple of months for the results got to be annoying too.  Almost as fun as 'Let's guess who's beating their wife.'  Good cuz I'm sick and tired of dealing with these atheists. 2 Tim. 4:1-5 In the presence of God and of Christ Jesus, who will judge the living and the dead, and in view of his appearing and his kingdom, I give you this charge: Preach the Word; be prepared in season and out of season; correct, rebuke and encourage-with great patience and careful instruction. For the time will come when men will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear. They will turn their ears away from the truth and turn aside to myths. But you, keep your head in all situations, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelist, discharge all the duties of your ministry.   But, you could go with  Matthew 10:14 If anyone will not welcome you or listen to your words, shake the dust off your feet when you leave that home or town.  EZ and I have been bashing Liberals for some time in this forum, so you're not alone Wouldn't 'bashing' be against forum rules?
 Actually, it's more like '90% of Americans SAY they believe in God.'  But, for all practical purposes, their actions say they don't. Just a couple of nights back the wife was lamenting how many church members were engaged in sexual immorality, adultery and even orgies.   Very true. I remember seeing stats that only around 40% actually go to church. And of those, as you pointed out, many don't "act the part" you might say.
samiinh said it correctly in post 64 regarding when the born again movement I belong to started, and I have unworthy servant under my handle because I am unworthy of the free gift of salvation which I received because jesus, who was without any sin died so that I, a sinner could live a life that apart from Him I could never have lived as I do. And I live to humbly serve Him because He is worthy of all praise and glory.   Now don't get me wrong, I was raised in a wealthy family with all of the best that this World offers. I went to good schools and was well liked, good looking and have never suffered any types of deprivations that many suffer from. Whether it be poverty, illness or disease. But compared to what I have in Christ, I realize that before knowing Him I was a child of the King of Kings who was a leper living in the slums of human depravity with no hope within myself of ever climbing out of it on my own.  I know this is beyond your understanding and you see a grown man admitting such need in an invisible being as needy to the point of delusional. But that's only because you don't know what it truly means to be born again in the Spirit of the living God. To have Him dwell within you. That reality is beyond you to appreciate, comprehend or to understand on a personal level. So, as the bible clearly points out, we are literally from different Worlds. You, from this one, the Natural World. And born again believers from the Spiritual World of Gods Supernatural kingdom. That is why the things of the Spirit we describe for you are beyond your ability to comprehend. It isn't believers who are delusional, it's the natural man who is blind and incapable of seeing a whole World that exists around them.  _________________________________________________________________ Ok, the "born again" Christian movement started in the 1800's. Right? So according to the "born again" christian belief, everyone who died prior to the 1800's are now cooking in hell because they were not born again??????   On what basis was the movement start? Did god give the "born again a sign or a direct order that he changed his mind and one has to be born a "second time"? (Catholics are "born again" one time... It is called baptism. But according to my "born again" friends this will not do. emoticon_emb ) Or, did someone interpret the bible and decide that you have to be "born again" to go to heaven? From my understanding, only god makes the decision who goes or does not go into heaven. So, the way I look at it is the "born again" people are being very presumptuous in saying that one has to be "born again" to get into heaven. Unfortunately, throughout history, man has interpreted the bible in ways that suited his needs...not on god's personal command... And, just maybe, as a consequence, left the "true" church? How did you decide that you belong to the "true church"? As you know I was born a Catholic. Which was the only "true church", started by jc himself, until Martin Luther left for very good reasons. However, since it was the true church why didn't he start a parallel Catholic church? Using the same bible, rituals, etc? Instead, he interpreted the bible according to what "he" felt was right.. As have all the other Christian churches that followed... Without god's approval. Unless you know otherwise?   To address you statement that I cannot comprehend what it is like to have god dwell within me. NONSENCE! I was a Catholic and experienced the **same feelings as you did. I had my endorphins spill over every time I went to church, went to confession or received communion. I would have died for the church as you would do now. So I do comprehend! But, I tell you it is a bunch of self induced garbage. It is all in your head. Period! So don't be so pious in your judgments of others. God will punish you for it. emoticon_xangel   **I now get the same feeling every time I look at my wife, children, grandchildren, others that I love and nature! Try it some time! Maybe, you will no longer have to rely on some gobbledygook to get a spiritual feeling.   To all readers: Try watching CNN at 9 PM eastern time tonight. Christiane Amanpour Reports "Christian Worriors".  PS: That "I was a leper living in the slums of human depravity with no hope within myself of ever climbing out of it on my own" thing is just a bit much... don't you think?
It was sometime in the 19th Century that evangelical preachers (or snake oil salesmen) began preaching that the second coming was at hand. Of course it hasn't, and never will, but the gullible bought into it, like delusional people do. You know the type, the ones who buy those cure alls sold on tv to keep you young or make you lose weight magically. Like AA.
It was sometime in the 19th Century that evangelical preachers (or snake oil salesmen) began preaching that the second coming was at hand. Of course it hasn't, and never will, but the gullible bought into it, like delusional people do. You know the type, the ones who buy those cure alls sold on tv to keep you young or make you lose weight magically. Like AA.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------  I wonder what kind of a world we would have without religion?   One thing for sure... There would be millions of extra people in this world who would not have been killied emoticon_xkill in the "name of religion"... But, wait! Maybe in this respect religion is a good thing.emoticon_xclown
I guess your comprehension skills leave something to be desired. Or was believing the 1800s number just more convenient for the point you wanted to make. How nice it must be in life to be able to determine what truth is most convenient for you and let that be the determining factor as to what you will believe is true. But anyway, as I originally said, the born again movement started with, and was created by Jesus Christ. And unlike your assumptions that it was started in the 1800s, here's the evidence that say's otherwise.  Jhn 3:3 Jesus answered and said to him, "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."  Jhn 3:7 Do not marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born again.'  1Pe 1:23 having been born again, not of corruptible seed but incorruptible, through the word of God which lives and abides forever  ____________________________________________________________  I did not get an answer from you as to when the movement started. Therefore, I used the 1800's which I got in response to my question from another blogger. Since you are a servant of god I would welcome the correct, verifiable, born again movement date from you. If you can't come up with the date... ask god. Just a suggestion. If you do get an answer from him, I will denounce my lack of faith and will become an unworthy servant of god too.... In a flash. No kidding. This is his big chance. emoticon_smile   In addition, I never did get an answer as to why you think satan (if he exists?) founded the evil? muslim religion. It is beyond me how you can say a religion is evil? I don't believe in god, but I would never say that a religion is evil! It is man who sometimes, in the name of religion, does evil things. Not the religion. Some examples: Killing an abortion doctor, being a suicide bomber, killing those of a different faith, or beheading in the name of religion. emoticon_xkill   Now, on to your quotes... I must ask you again to read my posts! I know what the bible says! No mystery here. Jc said that (Well, maybe or maybe not?), but how do you assume that he was saying born again for the **second time? A catholic may (or would say), "You are right in that he did say "born again", but he (jc) was referring to washing away original sin though baptism." Get it: Born again... an infant is baptized shortly after birth...THUS, "born again."   Let's take a look at this quote: "Having been born again, not of corruptible seed but incorruptible, through the word of God which lives and abides forever". I would read this to mean the corruptible seed (born of original sin), incorruptible, through the word of god (baptized... In the name of the father, I baptize you).   **That is why I specifically stated that man is/was doing interpretations of the bible that suit his goals. A preacher decided he wanted to start a new movement..... And, he came up with the idea "born again". Not god, but a man. The result: The born again gang put words into god's mouth which he did not say. IE: Second time. :xbanghead Lastly, (FLASH) every time a catholic goes to church, he/she asks god to come into his heart. So his chances of getting into heaven are double? Born again through baptism and born again because he asks jc to come into his heart...emoticon_xangel
Good cuz I'm sick and tired of dealing with these atheists."My name is Legion, for we are many."
I would never say that a religion is evil  But I would say that the institution called the Roman Catholic Church is probably the most evil institution ever created by man.
Most Christian denominations hold that a person must be born again in some sense to be a Christian. Thus, all who are true Christians are in fact born again, whether they describe themselves as such or not. However, the meaning of the term varies among Christian traditions:  * The Roman Catholic Church associates "being born again" with baptism. It holds that "Baptism is ... the sacrament by which we are born again of water and the Holy Ghost."[2] This is also a belief held by Eastern Christianity, Anglicanism, and Lutheranism, among other Christian traditions.  * Some Evangelical, Fundamentalist, and Pentecostal Christians associate "being born again" with a conversion experience that involves a personal, and sometimes intense, encounter of the individual with the power of God. It means that the person has been awarded salvation. Some Christians in these groups would assert that those without such a conversion experience are not true Christians.[3]  * Most other Protestant churches place less emphasis on a conversion experience and rely on the individual's personal statement of belief in and commitment to Jesus Christ as "Lord" and "Savior." While they do not deny the validity of a conversion experience, they would seldom use the term "born again" to describe it.  In theology, the study of salvation is called soteriology. The idea of being "born again" carries with it the soteriological idea that a Christian is a "new creation," given a fresh start by the action of God, freed from a sinful past life and able to begin a "new life" in relationship with Christ via the Holy Spirit. John Wesley and Christians associated with early Methodism referred to the "born again" experience as "the New Birth."  [edit] Recent social usage  In recent history, born again is a term that has been associated with evangelical renewal since the late 1960s, first in the United States and then later around the world. Associated perhaps initially with Jesus People and the Christian counterculture, born again came to refer to an intense conversion experience, and was increasingly used as a term to identify devout believers. By the mid 1970s, born again Christians were increasingly referred to in the mainstream media as part of the Born Again Movement.  A 1976 book of that title by Watergate conspirator and convicted felon Charles Colson, describing his path to faith in conjunction with his criminal imprisonment, played a significant role in solidifying Born Again identity as a cultural construct in the U.S. The term was sufficiently prevalent that, during that year's Presidential campaign, Jimmy Carter described himself as born again, notably in the first Playboy magazine interview of a U.S. Presidential candidate. Modern musicians Mark Farner, Dan Peek, Little Richard, Donna Summer, Bob Dylan[citation needed], Kerry Livgren, Dave Hope, Dave Mustaine, Nicko McBrain, Roger McGuinn, Johnny Cash, Keith Farley and Alice Cooper were artists whose born again conversions had a significant impact on modern culture. President George W. Bush and Mr T. are also mentioned as being born again.
Most Christian denominations hold that a person must be born again in some sense to be a Christian. Thus, all who are true Christians are in fact born again, whether they describe themselves as such or not. However, the meaning of the term varies among Christian traditions:  * The Roman Catholic Church associates "being born again" with baptism. It holds that "Baptism is ... the sacrament by which we are born again of water and the Holy Ghost."[2] This is also a belief held by Eastern Christianity, Anglicanism, and Lutheranism, among other Christian traditions.  * Some Evangelical, Fundamentalist, and Pentecostal Christians associate "being born again" with a conversion experience that involves a personal, and sometimes intense, encounter of the individual with the power of God. It means that the person has been awarded salvation. Some Christians in these groups would assert that those without such a conversion experience are not true Christians.[3]  * Most other Protestant churches place less emphasis on a conversion experience and rely on the individual's personal statement of belief in and commitment to Jesus Christ as "Lord" and "Savior." While they do not deny the validity of a conversion experience, they would seldom use the term "born again" to describe it.  In theology, the study of salvation is called soteriology. The idea of being "born again" carries with it the soteriological idea that a Christian is a "new creation," given a fresh start by the action of God, freed from a sinful past life and able to begin a "new life" in relationship with Christ via the Holy Spirit. John Wesley and Christians associated with early Methodism referred to the "born again" experience as "the New Birth."  [edit] Recent social usage  In recent history, born again is a term that has been associated with evangelical renewal since the late 1960s, first in the United States and then later around the world. Associated perhaps initially with Jesus People and the Christian counterculture, born again came to refer to an intense conversion experience, and was increasingly used as a term to identify devout believers. By the mid 1970s, born again Christians were increasingly referred to in the mainstream media as part of the Born Again Movement.  A 1976 book of that title by Watergate conspirator and convicted felon Charles Colson, describing his path to faith in conjunction with his criminal imprisonment, played a significant role in solidifying Born Again identity as a cultural construct in the U.S. The term was sufficiently prevalent that, during that year's Presidential campaign, Jimmy Carter described himself as born again, notably in the first Playboy magazine interview of a U.S. Presidential candidate. Modern musicians Mark Farner, Dan Peek, Little Richard, Donna Summer, Bob Dylan[citation needed], Kerry Livgren, Dave Hope, Dave Mustaine, Nicko McBrain, Roger McGuinn, Johnny Cash, Keith Farley and Alice Cooper were artists whose born again conversions had a significant impact on modern culture. President George W. Bush and Mr T. are also mentioned as being born again.  _________________________________________________________________  You get the prize! Right down to Mr. T!   It is great to see that doing a post, which ask a question/s, starts people thinking and, in your case, putting forth detailed, as well as factual, information! Now, people can read your post and get the "why".  If I was "born again" protestant I would question the "born again" bit. IE: If the Roman Catholic Church was the original church, and god spoke to its founders, who decided that he (god) later decided that there was a different meaning to being born again than he originally said?
I would never say that a religion is evil  But I would say that the institution called the Roman Catholic Church is probably the most evil institution ever created by man.  _______________________________________________________________  Trust me... He is right! If anyone doubts this, read the history of the church!  Post note: About a year ago I received an e-mail from a school mate of mine from my catholic grammar school. He asked that I make a contribution to the school because the church did not have enough money to keep it in operation. I sent him an e-mail back telling him to ask the vatican to sell of the many (lots and lots) of priceless treasures they have rather than have sending 50 bucks!!! The church has more money than god...emoticon_xangel
That is usually the defence of those that do not understand what it is to be a 'Christian' and those that like to throw up in the face of Christians events like the Spanish Inquisition and the Crusades (as supposed evidence that religion is inherently 'evil').   Humans are inherently evil... not the Christian religion.  _______________________________________________________________  You are right. That is what the problem is with the church... "Humans are inherently evil". UNFORTUNATELY, all the evil is done in "god's name". So, perhaps, if there was no religion there would be more peace in the world? And have millions alive today that were killed "in the name of religion". emoticon_angry
This goes to show on how HUGE amounts of theology can be done on bad translations. The original Greek is more accurately translated by 'Born from above'. which is a term meaning there is a love of God.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------  I was waiting for someone to finally come up with the right answer! I asked a bunch of questions knowing that somewhere out there a person will have the correct answer and it was you! Congrats! "Born again", boiled down to its true meaning, simply means love of god (if you believe in a god.. unlike me. Who is go to you know where.) Therefore, no matter what your belief is, you will go to heaven if you believe in *jc (god). It does not matter if you are a jew, a catholic, a protestant or a muslim ... you get the golden ticket!  *Jc , the holy spirit and god are one in the same. Therefore, if you believe in one of them you believe in the one god.
Jesus never spoke against Rome. He spoke against the Church. Wrong. He spoke against hypocracy, the lack of spiritualness and love embodied in SOME church leaders (ie. the Pharasies)...but not against the institution of Judaism at all. Men tied up to the laws and looking at loopholes and technocalities without understanding the basis those laws were formed upon.  Matthew 23:3 "So you must obey them and do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach."  It's only the pimp and the ignorant who pushes this 'anti-religion' message.  I wonder if anyone can define what the word 'religion' even means.      *Jc , the holy spirit and god are one in the same. Therefore, if you believe in one of them you believe in the one god Not necessisarily so. Nor does a belief in anyone aspect get you into heaven.  You get the prize! Right down to Mr. T!   It is great to see that doing a post, which ask a question/s, starts people thinking and, in your case, putting forth detailed, as well as factual, information! Now, people can read your post and get the "why". But all he did was copy past a Wikipedia entry. No real definate answer...  Furthermore, as I stated in my post, the TERM Born Again as used in contemporary Christianity has several different meanings and popularity of use...but, is stated in the bible nonetheless.
Nice bit of gnostic heresy you have there...  Now Jo, that's neither.  Humans are now naturally sinful every since the 'Fall' and sin is evil. Logical.  All things known are based on human perceptions. If you think something is good or evil...based on your perceptions and beliefs...it probably is...to you.  Just value judgements.
No no, not the ignorant, the book says that God shall confound the wise. The curse is wisdom after all. My curse is that I try to understand things and that keeps me from your club.  God shall confound the wise so...Only fools may enter.  ?  My club???    Ignorant...as in 'ignorant of what the bible actually says and means'.
God made evil after all. God even takes full credit for the Dumb, blindness etc.  Exodus 4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?  That isn't 'evil' in the eyes of God though...only of others.  But, I will agree with the belief that God created Satan as well as the conditions that eventually led to the fall from grace of man as well as everything else, even 'evil'. Such a convoluted plan...if indeed He even plans at all.
You're asking me what God meant? Should you do that?   I may be misunderstanding you.  I'm not saying what God meant...but, what the bible meant. Subtle difference there. As for doing that. I can do anything. I'm Zardoz...a diety ya know. ;)
If people have problems with me, let keep some facts straight.  I am not the diviner of my own being, I am a product of nature and therefore a product of God.  If you have issue with me, I would suggest you take it up with the builder. If your Chevy back fires do you blow up the Chevy or do you complain to the builder.  I have a problem with the inaccuracies you mention on a debate forum. Thus, I take it up...on A debate forum. And your logic and analogy are incorrect. If one has a problem with a Chevy, they DO NOT take it up with the builder unless all else fails, they take it up with the dealer. In this case, you're a dealer and it's you who are posting here...not God.   You can say that ultimatly you're a product of God...but, since I don't believe in a God and you have no proof of your comments beyond 'I believe'...it's really nonsensical of you to attempt to dodge criticism based on your comments. So, you have no 'facts'.
The point is that there is no evidence or reality in what you write. I'm sorry you are having difficulty understanding the language.
The other point is your condescending elitist attitude won't score points with anyone!  No will yours, Bassman.
Ok now... I see that we are not going to change anyone's minds as to proving or disproving the existance of god. BUT, you can use probability to buttress your position. Only god, if he existed, could put an end to the debate.  Therefore, I have posted a new thread..... "When man came into existance"..  Take a look and let's begin a fresh debate....emoticon_xbouncer
Possible, if you read the bible. God told Moses he could overcome the Egyptian Gods. Never did God say any other God where False.  For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD.  The god of Moses was a pretty nasty guy.
Exodus 4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?  Yea, taking credit for blindness and the disabled and yet preventing the same from approach is pretty tough (meaning you couldn't be disabled and enter the tabernacle).  But this is what the burning bush said..Right from the mouth of God.   Why, do you suppose, so many believe in such a mean-spirited god?
If what he said has worth, no proof is needed. The words stand on their own.  The only problem with this is that no one was there to tape record his words. What we have is a hearsay of a hearsay of a hearsay. Not much worth in that.
How can I prove that every religion on the earth is no closer to God than a stone? Very easy; One little sentence.  NOT IN MY NAME  When some religion kills everyone in town and no God says; Hay! NOT IN MY NAME. You know, you know, what they are selling is a lie.  And every Religion has done it. From Witches to Infidels. They have killed mountains of Men, Women and Children in their Gods name. And through out time a God has never in action, or deed, or word said; "NOT IN MY NAME.!"  A real one would. No God would let such horrors happen in his name.
if there is a god, it is not necessarily a benevolent one.  For all you know there could be a god that enjoys killing in its name, or one which is indifferent to human suffering.
if there is a god, it is not necessarily a benevolent one.  For all you know there could be a god that enjoys killing in its name, or one which is indifferent to human suffering.  True, I guess the Christian hope is in me, but killed by Christianity.
WOW, in one fell swoop you completely destroyed my faith in God. In 109 words you awakened me from 32 YEARS of religious delusions. NOT!!!  I can understand your disappointment. Its very difficult to cure someone of chronic religious delusions. No easy way to relieve the suffering of the victim. But if you really work hard at it for another decade or so you may recover yet. Best of luck and don't fall for the quacks peddling quick cures.
[QUOTE=Archangel;279816]WOW, in one fell swoop you completely destroyed my faith in God. In 109 words you awakened me from 32 YEARS of religious delusions. NOT!!! And you attempted to make your infantile point by completely distorting the reality of what true Christianity is. But why is that not a surprise. Now you go right ahead and demonize our history to attempt to prove how evil christianity has been. But I have already defended this dung before so see no need to be redundant for you.[/QUOT  Did God Order Joshua to kill every man. woman and Child in their mothers arms in three cities? Because it was done in your Gods name. Might even still be getting done by your money.  If someone did something in your name, lets say something very upsetting to you. How would you react?   What does your looking at my message tell me about you? Your reaction; Two paragraphs telling me your not being defensive?   Is it fair to you, that I know you better than you know yourself?  One thing I know and you know. A fact that you can face or not. You have your religion without any interaction from God; only men. No God gave you stone tablets or spoke through a bush. You have everything a Muslim was given or a Jew Or a Buddhist.. Your all even in your interaction with God. Ain't that a kick in the pants. Specially since your knowledge of God is so superior to the other faiths.   A little personal note: Fear generates Anger. Its why people get so upset after someone sneaks up on them. Fear not. You can overcome the truth like your forefathers had.
reality of what true Christianity   There is No Reality in Christianity. It is all a hocus pocus nonsensical blood cult.
And anger leads to hate. We can all quote Star Wars if we want to.  Thing is that it applies to atheists too. It's the classic thing, people raised in a harsh, ostensibly religious, environment are scared of the image of God portrayed to them by nuns, or pastors or imams. Because fear cannot sustain faith, once they leave that environment they fall away. Then they become angry with God for, as they claim, not existing. This leads them to hatred of those who do believe, who they see as the same ones responsible for their harsh upbringing.  Come on, let's all play cod psychology emoticon_rolleyes  I love Jesus John the Beloved is my most favorite writer throughout time  If you think I have a problem with a follower of Jesus your wrong. I have a problem with the Christians
Oh. I don't have a clue about the stars wars quote.
Don't be confused and necessarily equate those who have lost their faith as atheists. Many believe in God, but have lost what may be termed an active faith because of perceived inactivity or contradiction in God, or events in their religious upbringing. An atheist cannot be angry at God for not existing - the terms are mutually exclusive.  And as for hatred of believers, that is an undeniably harsh statement. It may be true in some cases - just as it applies to some in all religions - but I don't think you meant to tar all with the same brush.  You hit the nail on the head. I am not an atheist. In my mind there are two truths, there is a God and No man through out time has anymore knowledge of him than I do.
Here is a better situation. This youtube poster, Chadaag, poses two questions for christians. Enjoy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQgbbDvxQs0
This is where some will deny the OT as an anachronism and only refer to the New Commandment and New Covenant.  Of course, by that reasoning - unless selective - Genesis and creation also are anachronisms.  Clearly this is true. There are a multitude of denominations from every religion. This is as specially true with Christianity because the texts do not explain how all the ceremonies are done. Baptism was performed in areas where full immersion could not have occurred but the best explanations of baptism paint a picture of a full immersion. The Church of Christ believes one must baptize in the name of Jesus, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost thing was while Jesus lived. Because the practice of speaking in tongues was used by the first church, some believe the art must stay in the church.  Most of the complications to Christianity is simply because the followers really believed Jesus would return. No one wrote a book on the Religion.  The Religion changed a great deal through time. King James was no saint and he had clear reasons he would not allow some letters into an authorized version he would sign on to.  One letter spoke of the sin of Slavery. This was clearly at odds with King James. Other items would have direct negative effects on the kingdom and I'll let others find the reasoning behind the withdraws.
Christianity had to adapt because the Original teachings where ineffective in a church state.  You can't forgive. Punishment must occur.  You can't operate a state by having only the Church elders hold the funds.  You can't give to the poor for the state to survive (you bypass the churches ability to determine the outcome of the sects funds).  You can't have the body be the temple if your to retain power. The state needs churches, and they got them.  You can't have people pray, 'Our father', they would have to see Jesus as the only son of God for you to show a greater association to a subjective head of authority.  Imagine the outcome of a controlled system if you where to say, "Go and sin no more!" They wouldn't come back and the system would fail.  A State can not operate (Or even a church for that mater) under the original teachings of Jesus. The teachings had to subdued and quantified in a direction that would allow for leaders to retain a controlled system.
I am not speaking against leadership. That is needed anytime you have a pack or a tribe. I am clearly speaking against a church based state.  A Church based state requires you to obey.  A secular state coupled with Democracy requires your input and obligation.
Why didn't Jesus Baptize anyone?  Why didn't Jesus write something. Anything at all?  There are reasons. Its not a mistake.  Why would Jesus tell people they must be born again to enter heaven while he still lived?   Why tell people to GO...and sin no more? Go?   Why on earth would Jesus help a Roman soldier who never ever but ever went to the synagogue and yet the men that have gone there day after day praying never even got a hello. Why??  There are reasons. Clear reasons.  Does God measure a man words or the heart the speaks them?   Ghandi, Did he take up a cross?  Did Martin Luther King take up a Cross?  Buddha?? Did he carry a cross?   If your looking for a religion, Jesus is not your man. Didn't want that.  Religion always crushes love. Its the beast the eats the souls of men. It always has.  If your a follower what is the worth of your soul?? Your risk is nothing. You're cross is someone else's cross and you will not be known.  Love is a family. The family of God. Are you in the family? Because you can do and give and pray and work and what ever and you'll be as empty as those that Jesus had to deal with. You will be wanting.  If God is love, than anything that is love is God. If Hitler accidentally wrote something that can pass the test of Love then God is in it.
Religion always crushes love. Its the beast the eats the souls of men.   I like that statement. It is so true.
Next time you're down and out, then, try finding a BITTER ATHEIST'S HOMELESS SHELTER. LOL  Do you run one?
Run what? A BITTER HOMELESS ATHEIST'S SHELTER? No, but I served in a Christian one for many years, where a lot of us spent a great deal of time and money (including our own) helping the poor and homeless. Which makes the assertion that "Religion always crushes love" nothing less than a big fat lie.  What have you done?   I am not a Christian. How many people did you have to convert before you'd feed them?
Is that your excuse not to help people?     Zero.  Why do you think I've not helped people?
what would it take you to read in orther to lose your faith?
How to Believe in God Six Easy Steps  1. First, you must want to believe in God. 2. Next, understand that believing in God in the absence of evidence is especially noble. 3. Then, realize that the human ability to believe in God in the absence of evidence might itself constitute evidence for the existence of God. 4. Now consider any need for further evidence (both in yourself and in others) to be a form of temptation, spiritually unhealthy, or a corruption of the intellect. 5. Refer to steps 2-4 as acts of "faith." 6. Return to 2.
How to Believe in God Six Easy Steps  1. First, you must want to believe in God. 2. Next, understand that believing in God in the absence of evidence is especially noble. 3. Then, realize that the human ability to believe in God in the absence of evidence might itself constitute evidence for the existence of God. 4. Now consider any need for further evidence (both in yourself and in others) to be a form of temptation, spiritually unhealthy, or a corruption of the intellect. 5. Refer to steps 2-4 as acts of "faith." 6. Return to 2.  The above comes straight from the dest of the Potter, the noble Herdsman who herds us to greener pastures and cleaner waters.  It has His/Her/Its stamp of approval too.  PM me for the Potters paypal information so you can make a faith offering to prove your faith.
if we act as gangstars, we will become Gangsters, if we act like drug dealers, we will become drug dealers, if we act as athiests, we will become athiests, if we act as Christians we will become Christians, act like Christ and you will become like Christ. When we are inclined to do what is wrong, pretend you are like Christ able to step away from the temptaion and as you walk away from the temptation you find you have ACTED like Christ. When we experience the grace of Christ in our lives, we believe he is the way, the truth and the life.....  What illogical tripe.  The above is factually not true. It's also the garbage that the Word of Faith movement hangs on to get people to conform to their message.  Seriously, I act like a 13 year old quite often...I only WISH I'd become one...simply becasue youth is wasted on the young. I also act like a God. Flexing my might and power on a whim.  I'm still waiting for adoration and worship.   There is no 'act' there either IS or IS NOT.
I should have included that the six steps were written by Sam Harris.
How to Believe in God Six Easy Steps  1. First, you must want to believe in God. 2. Next, understand that believing in God in the absence of evidence is especially noble. 3. Then, realize that the human ability to believe in God in the absence of evidence might itself constitute evidence for the existence of God. 4. Now consider any need for further evidence (both in yourself and in others) to be a form of temptation, spiritually unhealthy, or a corruption of the intellect. 5. Refer to steps 2-4 as acts of "faith." 6. Return to 2.  7. When you sup with Christianist and other religious fundamentalists, use a lo-o-o-o-o-o-ng spoon.
7. When you sup with Christianist and other religious fundamentalists, use a lo-o-o-o-o-o-ng spoon.  Better....just avoid them.
"What illogical tripe.  The above is factually not true. It's also the garbage that the Word of Faith movement hangs on to get people to conform to their message."  I dont know who or what the Word of Faith movement is, its not illogical at all, try it.  Believing in stuff that there is no evidence to support is not LOGICAL.
Believing in stuff that there is no evidence to support is not LOGICAL. I think that's the first thing you've said (in this forum) that I agree with. Not only that, but belief in God is illogical.
I think that's the first thing you've said (in this forum) that I agree with. Not only that, but belief in God is illogical.  Thanks. I appreciate that.
That doesn't mean that God doesn't exist. God can be irrational, illogical and nonsensical and still exist.  But that doesn't mean a god does exist.
 I dont know who or what the Word of Faith movement is, its not illogical at all, try it.  I suggest you find out. After all, it's attacking your own faith (Catholicism) harshly...and winning.  Basically, think of all the anti-Christian attacks you hear of...95%+ of those attacks are due to this movement. (It's a paganistic belief system that wraps itself in the guise of fundamentalist charismatic beliefs and could easily masquerade as Pentecostalism. Nearly all mega-churches in the world as well as the majority of 'christian TV' is WofF...TBN for example.) Joel Olsteen, T.D. Jakes, Bakers, Paul and Jan Crouch...the list is endless. Walk into a book store and chances are, most 'Christian books' are by a WofF.  They are the 'gnostics' Paul warned about...renewed. They are the ultimate con game made legal.  Healt-Wealth prosperity cult. Blab It, Grab It. Name It, Claim It.  They're comming for you...but that's only because they smell your wallet.  Google it... "Word of Faith"  Be shocked. Be Amazed. Run for the Hills!  Cower in terror!!!   Any of this sinking in?  One of the last Catholic masses I attended had the Priest bellow out a warning to beware of them...and if a Catholic is warning of somthing rather than playing nice and tickling ears...something's wrong.   Oh, and the Popes visit to South America fairly recently was to combat these guys spread there...
Of course, it just means you can't use those arguments against the existence of certain Gods, such as certain Pagan or Deist Gods. They immune to those attacks.  However, a irrational, illogical, nonsensical God would go against several religion's belief in a God.  Which religions would those be?
However, a irrational, illogical, nonsensical God would go against several religion's belief in a God.  This is what you wrote, and I asked what those "several" religions might be. You answer didn't answer my question.
God can be irrational, illogical and nonsensical and still exist.  I strongly disagree. God is never irrational, illogical or nonsensical.  The beleif in Him is definitely illogical.
On the contrary, Gods that are omnipotent are irrational, illogical and nonsensical. Well, technically anything that is omnipotent has those problems.  Prove it....emoticon_rolleyes :p
If God can do anything, than he can contradict any 'illogical' hogwash against Him.  That would be true if there were a god.
That would be true if there were a god.  But, not of the bible described Christian God. Funny thing about Him in those descriptions...  One immutable thing about Him is that He cannot lie...  And seeing as most biblical contradictions lead to a lie...this God dissapears in a puff of logic.  Now, if the Christian bible is wrong about God and God is actually something else...how do we know it? How do we seperate a real God from something we simply made up with our expansive immaginations?  And while you ponder that, ponder how many licks it takes to get to a Tootsie Roll Tootsie Pop... emoticon_xbouncer
If God can do anything, than he can contradict any 'illogical' hogwash against Him. If God can do anything, then He can exist despite proofs otherwise.  (or, if you'd prefer:)  If God can do anything, then He can exist despite His inexistence.  Oops. Such is the dilemma with omnipotence.
Ok, the absolutly positively true story.  God DID exist. But, Satan being the wiley deciever he is got Him with that very clever paradox ploy.  "God, if you are truely all powerful, can you make yourself not exist?" Satan asked. 'But of course.' He replied And with that...*poof* He was gone.  That explains why He doesn't do anything. No miracles, no prayers answer, nothing...He's gone.  And, for those fools who doubt this, I refer you to the book of Job. Witness how God jumps to the tune of Satan when God withdraws his protection from His loyal and faithful servant...merely to prove a point to Satan...without cause!
How to Believe in God Six Easy Steps  1. First, you must want to believe in God. 2. Next, understand that believing in God in the absence of evidence is especially noble. 3. Then, realize that the human ability to believe in God in the absence of evidence might itself constitute evidence for the existence of God. 4. Now consider any need for further evidence (both in yourself and in others) to be a form of temptation, spiritually unhealthy, or a corruption of the intellect. 5. Refer to steps 2-4 as acts of "faith." 6. Return to 2. Why?  Believing in God is a waste of time.
Why?  Believing in God is a waste of time.  I do agree with you on that.
Why?  Believing in God is a waste of time.   Having troubles getting past step one Simone?  You just gotta try harder to want a God in your life. I know that it's more useless than tits on a man but hon, you gotta open your mind and heart up to the uber-natural farces that permiate the other semi-non-existing planes of being. And if yer still having troubles wanting to believe, you can send me some money. It seems to help people want to believe if they've paid good, hard earned money for it. Something about not wanting to see your investment go to waste...or was it not wanting to be proven to be a fool who fell for a scam... But, psychologically putting money on it seems to help you believe.
Having troubles getting past step one Simone?  You just gotta try harder to want a God in your life. I know that it's more useless than tits on a man but hon, you gotta open your mind and heart up to the uber-natural farces that permiate the other semi-non-existing planes of being. And if yer still having troubles wanting to believe, you can send me some money. It seems to help people want to believe if they've paid good, hard earned money for it. Something about not wanting to see your investment go to waste...or was it not wanting to be proven to be a fool who fell for a scam... But, psychologically putting money on it seems to help you believe.  You have hit on something. But Christ said give all your money away and follow him, but not many believers obey this commandment. Most Christians are very interested in making more and more money. Capitalism and christianity are incompatible.
God said He could, He did not say He would. That is why there is good still.  But He did and he's done...  and 'Good' comes from man. The only proven entity to be able to grasp the concept, define it, work on enacting it or preventing it.
You have hit on something. But Christ said give all your money away and follow him, but not many believers obey this commandment. Most Christians are very interested in making more and more money. Capitalism and christianity are incompatible.  It's these reasons that the Health/Wealth prosperity cults have gained in popularity. Where statements are taken out of context from the bible and applied to todays Christianity. It's why Joel Olsteens book, Your Best Life NOW and other such works are so popular. Kingdom Now theology is quite popular and many according to current polls believe a follower is supposed to live in abundance (meaning financial things...no longer spiritual).  The Word of Faith movement (coupled with versions of Pentecostalism that accounts for about 500 million followers the world over) would be the epitomy of this scam that can't possiblly work. Many believers also blindly defend their 'mand ob gawd's' prosperity citing that he's to get a 'double portion of honor' and have little problems when that pimp in pastors clothing lives in multi-million dollar homeS while driving several high end vehicles and being cheuffered about by armor-bearer body guards. They miss the fact that they don't practice what they preach. Sow a seed and harvest a blessing later. That's what they extolle their followers to do. In fact, these vultures live off of their followers seed. (seed nearly always being financial).  Just recently another scandal broke out with Oral Roberts leadership in regards to these abuses.   But, if you have only an average (or less) intellect and no biblical knowledge, you could easily be duped into following these perversions of piety. They practice the most finely tuned of psychological manipulation techniques gleaned from skilled market research.  @Winston... Even the 'widow lady had 2 coins to give'...and she did. And you don't need money for NEEDS, like food...send that in too. Be a gooood christian.
Most Christians are very interested in making more and more money. Capitalism and christianity are incompatible. Hwah!!! Geesh!!! Surely you jest?!?! :xbanghead
It's these reasons that the Health/Wealth prosperity cults have gained in popularity. Where statements are taken out of context from the bible and applied to todays Christianity. It's why Joel Olsteens book, Your Best Life NOW and other such works are so popular. Kingdom Now theology is quite popular and many according to current polls believe a follower is supposed to live in abundance (meaning financial things...no longer spiritual).  The Word of Faith movement (coupled with versions of Pentecostalism that accounts for about 500 million followers the world over) would be the epitomy of this scam that can't possiblly work. Many believers also blindly defend their 'mand ob gawd's' prosperity citing that he's to get a 'double portion of honor' and have little problems when that pimp in pastors clothing lives in multi-million dollar homeS while driving several high end vehicles and being cheuffered about by armor-bearer body guards. They miss the fact that they don't practice what they preach. Sow a seed and harvest a blessing later. That's what they extolle their followers to do. In fact, these vultures live off of their followers seed. (seed nearly always being financial).  Just recently another scandal broke out with Oral Roberts leadership in regards to these abuses.   But, if you have only an average (or less) intellect and no biblical knowledge, you could easily be duped into following these perversions of piety. They practice the most finely tuned of psychological manipulation techniques gleaned from skilled market research.  @Winston... Even the 'widow lady had 2 coins to give'...and she did. And you don't need money for NEEDS, like food...send that in too. Be a gooood christian.   The christers seem to be having a lot of the shenanigans coming to light of late, between Oral Roberts and Ted Haggard. Maybe those two should get together.
"We're making new signs: 'Thank God for $US10.9 million'. Listen to that amount. It's so laughable," she said. "It was all I could do not to laugh. You guys think you can change God?" emoticon_rolleyes  Thoroughly demonstrates the delusions of these hate-mongers. It's not "God" that is named in the law-suit. It's not "God" that is supposed to cough up that money. It's not "God" that broke the law.  These zealots confuse their own personal bigotries with the will of God. Thanks to our judicial system's willingness to let such "money" go unpaid, it is doubtful that the recipients of this "money" will actually see it.   And amusingly enough, this thread is incredibly poorly titled on another level. When Phelps and his ilk were picketing JUST gay funerals, nobody gave a ####. No laws passed. No law-suits worth "millions" passed down. It was when Phelps went after the military service member funerals that they started getting a reaction. It's not really about "gays", except in the mind of a deluded few.
Religion will be the end of mankind and civilization.
Religion will be the end of mankind and civilization.  Hi, Sam. While I disagree with your argument about religion, I am glad to see you posting. How have you been? Still fighting the good fight, I see.
What a shame you couldn't fine one word to say about respect for the dead and consideration for the grieving parents.....instead it is all about gays.  Religion is a good thing when practised the way the books says. To condemn religion in its totality based on the actions of some is intolerant .....Speaking of intolerance, isn't that what gays condemn in others?  Now, Mae. Think about it. The motivation for Phelps and company's pickets is his hatred of "homosexuality," and his insistence that "God hates f&gs." He claims America is doomed for being too accepting of gay people. This issue IS about gays. Phelps is not picketing because he hates dead soldiers or grieving families, although his pickets certainly do show disrespect for grieving families and their lost loved ones, no doubt.   I'm curious why YOU don't say anything about respect for gay people, who are the real targets of Phelps and his gang of nuts. Phelps started out by picketing the funerals of gay men, and when that didn't garner him enough attention, he switched tactics and began picketing the funerals of troops. The troops and their families are just a tactic for him; they are not the point of his attacks. This is just a tactic for Phelps to draw attention.   Whether religion is a good thing or not is a debatable question, and I think it depends on which forms of religion we are talking about. Phelps claims to be adhering to "the book." Different Christians interpret "the book" differently.
I just realized that both Sam and Mae's posts are years old, and they are probably no longer posting here.   Sorry.
Easyrider, this is not "yet another study". This is an old study that has been REPEATEDLY DISPROVEN as employing false techniques... Critique of "Obituary Study" by the Paul Cameron Group Their conclusion - that homosexual men and women have a shorter life span than heterosexual men and women - provides a textbook example of the perils of using data from a convenience sample to generalize to an entire population.  Death Notices and Obituaries  Most city newspapers include a section containing death notices for community residents. These notices - which can carry a small fee for printing - typically list the name, age, address, and survivors of the deceased, along with information about funeral or memorial services. Funeral directors often assist the loved ones of the deceased in submitting such notices.  Gay community newspapers do not have sections of death notices. When the AIDS epidemic began to claim the lives of so many gay and bisexual men in the 1980s, however, many gay newspapers began to print obituaries. Except in the case of prominent community figures, these obituaries are typically written by (or based on information from) the loved ones of the deceased.  Assuming that the deceased person wasn't famous, an obituary appears in a gay community newspaper only if (1) a loved one or friend notifies the newspaper about the death (and, in many cases, writes the obituary) and (2) the editor decides to print the obituary.  Consequently, many gay men and lesbians who die never have an obituary in a gay community publication. Here are just a few examples of who is left out of gay newspapers' obituaries. [*]* gay men and lesbians who were not involved in the gay community[*] * gay men and lesbians who were in the closet about their sexual orientation[*] * gay men and lesbians whose loved ones or family didn't want their homosexuality to be known[*] * gay men and lesbians whose loved ones or family simply didn't think of sending an obituary to a gay community newspaper[*] * gay men and lesbians whose loved ones did not write an obituary for some other reason (e.g., they were too grief stricken)[*] * gay men and lesbians who died without leaving anyone to write an obituary for a gay publication (e.g., those whose loved ones and relatives died before them). An accurate estimate of the life span of gay men and lesbians would have to count such people. By restricting their analysis to obituaries in gay newspapers, however, the Cameron group systematically excluded them from the sample.   Internal Inconsistencies  The inadequacy of the Cameron group's approach is evident from internal inconsistencies within their own data. Compare the data about lesbians reported in their obituary study, for example, to data from their so-called national survey.  In their obituary study, the Cameron group claimed that the average lesbian life-span is similar to that of gay men who do not have AIDS ("under 50 years" versus "mid-40s," respectively). But if this is true, and if obituaries are indeed a valid source for this type of data, the ratio of gay male obituaries to lesbian obituaries should be about the same as the ratio of gay men to lesbians in the population.  From their survey data, the Cameron group has claimed to know the number of gay men and lesbians in the population. If we believed their numbers, we would set the ratio of gay men-to-lesbians at about 1.6-to-1 (or approximately 2.6-to-1 if bisexuals are omitted).  But the ratio of gay male-to-lesbian obituaries in the Cameron group's study is quite different - approximately 6-to-1 if AIDS and violent deaths are excluded, 32-to-1 if they are included.  Thus, at least one data set has to be wrong. Either the obituaries data do not include a representative sample of lesbians, or the Cameron group's population estimates based on their survey data are invalid.  An observer with training in research methodology would most likely conclude that both sets of data are fatally flawed.   The 2005 article explicitly mentions the "study" was done by Paul Cameron. I don't know if you realize it or not, but Paul Cameron is renowned as an anti-gay liar. There are only two people whose work I think should be rejected as a matter of automatic recognition of a faulty source. Paul Cameron is one of those people. He has just been busted too many times for lying... # On December 2, 1983, the American Psychological Association sent Paul Cameron a letter informing him that he had been dropped from membership. Early in 1984, all members of the American Psychological Association received official written notice that "Paul Cameron (Nebraska) was dropped from membership for a violation of the Preamble to the Ethical Principles of Psychologists" by the APA Board of Directors.5 Cameron has posted an elaborate argument about his expulsion from APA on his website, claiming that he resigned from APA before he was dropped from membership. Like most organizations, however, APA does not allow a member to resign when they are being investigated. And even if Cameron's claims were accepted as true, it would be remarkable that the largest professional organization of psychologists in the United States (and other professional associations, as noted below) went to such lengths to disassociate itself from one individual.  # At its membership meeting on October 19, 1984, the Nebraska Psychological Association adopted a resolution stating that it "formally disassociates itself from the representations and interpretations of scientific literature offered by Dr. Paul Cameron in his writings and public statements on sexuality."6  # In 1985, the American Sociological Association (ASA) adopted a resolution which asserted that "Dr. Paul Cameron has consistently misinterpreted and misrepresented sociological research on sexuality, homosexuality, and lesbianism" and noted that "Dr. Paul Cameron has repeatedly campaigned for the abrogation of the civil rights of lesbians and gay men, substantiating his call on the basis of his distorted interpretation of this research."7 The resolution formally charged an ASA committee with the task of "critically evaluating and publicly responding to the work of Dr. Paul Cameron."  At its August, 1986 meeting, the ASA officially accepted the committee's report and passed the following resolution:  The American Sociological Association officially and publicly states that Paul Cameron is not a sociologist, and condemns his consistent misrepresentation of sociological research. Information on this action and a copy of the report by the Committee on the Status of Homosexuals in Sociology, "The Paul Cameron Case," is to be published in Footnotes, and be sent to the officers of all regional and state sociological associations and to the Canadian Sociological Association with a request that they alert their members to Cameron's frequent lecture and media appearances."8  # In August, 1996, the Canadian Psychological Association adopted the following policy statement:  The Canadian Psychological Association takes the position that Dr. Paul Cameron has consistently misinterpreted and misrepresented research on sexuality, homosexuality, and lesbianism and thus, it formally disassociates itself from the representation and interpretations of scientific literature in his writings and public statements on sexuality. # Cameron's credibility was also questioned outside of academia. In his written opinion in Baker v. Wade (1985), Judge Buchmeyer of the U.S. District Court of Dallas referred to "Cameron's sworn statement that 'homosexuals abuse children at a proportionately greater incident than do heterosexuals,'" and concluded that "Dr. Paul Cameron...has himself made misrepresentations to this Court" and that "There has been no fraud or misrepresentations except by Dr. Cameron" (p.536).9 Paul Cameron Bio and Fact Sheet  Sorry, but you quoted yet another example of anti-gay attack which compromised scientific integrity and honesty.
your husband?  OK, then, how many children have you given birth to, or intend to?  So one can only be a spouse if one gives birth? That makes no sense.
that some women or men are sterile, doesn't abolish the intention of marriage: to begin a family. And this is the case for the majority of people, but impossible for two "married" homosexuals  so, can you biologically give birth or become pregnant at least ?  I cannot either biologically give birth or become pregnant. I am 54 years old. I am a parent, however.   Most lesbians of reproductive age can become pregnant and give birth. Most gay men of reproductive age can be biological fathers. Many adults of any sexual orientation can be adoptive parents.   The intention of marriage is not necessarily to begin a family with children. Older people frequently marry long past the years when they may have raised children.   It's dangerous to suggest that only people who are able to bear children biologically should be permitted to marry. You would then be excluding millions of people from marriage who are permitted to marry now. When you pretend to be fair in excluding gay people from equal treatment under the law by dreaming up nonsensical rationalizations for this exclusion, you end up advocating unfair treatment for lots of people, not just gay people.
Marriage is about reproduction and raising of children. It is about parents, it is about children. That is the reason for it. It is a about family and about society. It is the sanctioned way by society to reproduce in a society, to breed and raise children and imbue them with the values and customs of society.  That is why a so called "marriage" where reproduction is an impossibility by normal means it is not really a marriage in the traditional sense. It is an aberration, a parody but not the real thing. Why don't you call it something else? why the pretense that is a normal marriage?  No matter what you say, normal people (heterosexuals) will tolerate what you do, I do but to call it 'marriage'? No way Jose  Of course some married couple are infertile and some do not wish to have children. But at least each member is of the opposite sex.  You just contradicted everything you said in your own post. First you said that a marriage where reproduction is an impossibility "by normal means" is not really a marriage. Then you said, oh, but marriage is fine for infertile heterosexual couples and for heterosexual couples who choose not to have children. Which contradicts your earlier point.   You obviously just want to carve out a rationale for excluding same-sex couples from marriage. And obviously this is NOT because same-sex couples cannot reproduce biologically together, since you accept as legitimately married opposite-sex couples who cannot reproduce biologically together as well as opposite-sex couples who choose not to reproduce biologically together. Your prejudice is showing.
Let us round up a hundred or so "married" gay couples and another hundred or so "married" lesbian couples and then dump the gays in one deserted island and the lesbians in another one. Both isolated from civilization. we would supply them with food, medical care, gay magazines etc.  Let's see how this 'normal' marriages would reproduce? I wonder how the population growth would compare between both groups?? emoticon_rolleyes  Let's round up a hundred or so elderly, age 60 plus, heterosexual couples and dump them on a deserted island and provide for their needs isolated from civilization. Let's see how many of these normal marriages would reproduce. Yet I don't hear you calling for a prohibition on elderly heterosexuals getting married.   Btw, we don't live isolated from civilization. Your hypothetical scenario might make an interesting television series, but it's not real life.
Marriage is about reproduction and raising of children. It is about parents, it is about children. That is the reason for it. It is a about family and about society. It is the sanctioned way by society to reproduce in a society, to breed and raise children and imbue them with the values and customs of society.  That is why a so called "marriage" where reproduction is an impossibility by normal means it is not really a marriage in the traditional sense. It is an aberration, a parody but not the real thing. Why don't you call it something else? why the pretense that is a normal marriage?  No matter what you say, normal people (heterosexuals) will tolerate what you do, I do but to call it 'marriage'? No way Jose  Of course some married couple are infertile and some do not wish to have children. But at least each member is of the opposite sex.  If your standard for a real marriage is the ability to reproduce, then why do you exempt infertile heterosexual couples from your own standard? Because they are of the opposite sex? That's just an assertion of prejudice against same-sex couples. Your arguments are inconsistent.
Let us round up a hundred or so "married" gay couples and another hundred or so "married" lesbian couples and then dump the gays in one deserted island and the lesbians in another one. Both isolated from civilization. we would supply them with food, medical care, gay magazines etc.  Let's see how this 'normal' marriages would reproduce? I wonder how the population growth would compare between both groups?? emoticon_rolleyes  As another experiment, let's round up a hundred or so "married" couples where the woman is over 50. See how many kids that desert island has. Obviously, women over 50 should not be allowed to be married to anybody, huh... emoticon_frazzled < end sarcasm <  What's really funny about such scenarios is that the people who repeat them THINK there is something important about them. There is no procreative capability requirement for marriage. So why are we making the blacks have to show they can read when the whites don't have to. I mean... Why are we making the gays have to show their couples can procreate when the straights don't have to...
I said    a normal (heterosexual) couple which does not want to have children is not an infertile couple and even an infertile couple can with in many instances seek recourse to in vitro fertilization have children.  Instead two lesbians can never beget a child of their own (the example of the isolated island)  a same sex "marriage" is a sick memesis of the real thing.  why do gays and lesbians try so hard to be considered normal? Accept your fate, you are not normal. It is not your fault if you are a man who feels, talk, and moves like a woman and vice versa.  I am not a man at all. I am a woman. I am a mother, a professor, a successful and happy woman. Who are you to declare that other people are not normal? That's just your prejudice talking. You can rise above that. You can overcome this debilitating prejudice you harbor that drags down your life and sullies your reputation. Prejudice like yours is learned; it's not an innate characteristic. You can reach out to other people for help and unlearn your prejudice. I encourage you to try.
It is not a belief dahhhhlin' is a fact dahhlin'   well, then you are walking caricatures of men trying to walk, talk and behave like women and have sex like women.  marriage is the union of 2 heterosexuals. Period.  anything else is a sad mimicry.  Your repeating of stereotypes and prejudices does not make them true.
whatever you say dahhhlin' and just like normal women you have sex with men. I know, I am stereotyping you emoticon_xbye  So your conception of a "normal" woman is someone who has sex with men? For me to be "normal" by your standards would require me to go out and have sex with a man? Even though I have no desire to do this? How bizarre.   I don't know what "normal" even means, but it's certainly not something I aspire to. "Normal" sounds to me like a synonym for bland, dull, uninteresting, like everyone else, lacking distinction, blah. Who wants to be blah?   People differ from each other in many ways. Sexual orientation is just one form of variation among people. People's variations make them interesting. Variation makes life on this earth interesting. Why would you expect people to want to eliminate their positive characteristics that make them distinct and interesting?  Same-sex marriage harms no one. Same-sex marriage serves to benefit families and children. There is every reason to legalize same-sex marriage and no good reason to ban it.
For some reason I found this article especially compelling. It was like a light went on in my head and for whatever reason I found myself agreeing with your position. I now understand what you have been trying to say in these forum and I have to say that now I can clearly see that you are probably correct on many issues.  Why don't you investigate whether the claims are really true instead of relying on a light in your head, which may just be a bunch of stereotypes and prejudices lighting up?
You are preaching to the converted, I am on your side on this one for I would also never but never would have sex a man. Gimme a woman, even a hairy one anytime. emoticon_xagree  Based on your posts, I suspect few women would want to have sex with you. But hey, maybe you have some good qualities that you haven't exhibited here yet. ;)
Modesty prevents me from exhibiting my good qualities here emoticon_smile  LOL! (One of your good qualities may be a sense of humor.)
You are preaching to the converted, I am on your side on this one for I would also never but never would have sex a man. Gimme a woman, even a hairy one anytime. emoticon_xagree  What about sheep? Maybe one that looks like a goat? (Little Prince reference) No but seriously just a sterotype.  Should married couples who have children get divorced if one or both cannot/will not produce any more? Based on the rantings of the religious right 5000 - 10000 years of human social evolution dominated by male/female relationship as the bedrock of a stable morale society isn't doing to well.   Would you say that overall world society is more or less stable than it was 500 years ago? Do you beleive that as a society we should not explore ways to improve our existance?  A man/woman union is the traditional approach, most likely having to do with it being first the only option and later the only accepted option. Slavery, a flat earth, blood letting, turning a continent into a prison were all very popular and and within the range of normal, but were those things right and/or applicable to who and what we are today?
The change is coming, as older people like me die off and younger people become active voters. The change is coming faster than I had ever anticipated. Same-sex marriage is already a reality. It may not become a reality in all states in my lifetime, but it is a reality in more states now than I ever expected in so short a period. I think that when voters go back to amend the California constitution again, to once again legalize same-sex marriage there, the marriage equality side will win. The more publicity and exposure the issue gets, the more people think about it, and the more they realize that arguments against legalizing same-sex marriage make no sense.   Btw, in 1967, the year that the Supreme Court struck down state laws barring inter-racial marriage, a Gallup poll showed that 72% of Americans surveyed opposed inter-racial marriage. A greater percentage of Americans today support same-sex marriage than supported inter-racial marriage in the year it was legalized nationwide.
If they are smart they will try to find some way to amend it that will make it harder to change it back again. As it stands, it's pretty easy to amend that constitution and another form of Prop 8 could just be put back into place after prop 8 is undone. They could craft a second amendment making it harder to amend it in the future, or something of the sort.  Since I don't live in California, I don't know enough about amending the California constitution to say more about this. It seems to me that changing the process for amending the state constitution might actually be a revision of the constitution, and this may have to go through the legislature. But I don't know.   Meanwhile, there is an interesting story in the NYTimes today about the federal lawsuit being filed by the two lawyers who duked it out in Bush v. Gore back in 2000. They have teamed up to file a suit challenging the California constitutional marriage ban as a violation of the 14th amendment of the U.S. constitution. The article quotes lawyers and equality activists who have labored long for equal marriage rights. They are concerned that these two famous lawyers and their plaintiffs have jumped in at the wrong time to file a federal lawsuit. Here is a link to the article: http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/28/us/28marriage.html?hp
I contend that: Atheists have no framework for morality. We can actually address the resolution as you've worded it here, but I'd rather clear up some of these other things first.  Morality only comes from Christianity. If this is true, then there was no morality before Christianity. Yet, the ten commandments predate Christianity. Oops. Oh, but you're going to say that they're in the Bible, and they're from the Christian God, right? Well, I'm not at all sorry to remind you, the Code of Hammurabi predates any of the commandments. Oops.  Atheists believe that each and every person should have their own reality. Find me three atheists who think this.   If one removes God from the picture of moral discussion, one removes the possibility that there are any such things as moral truths; the possibility that there are, in fact, right answers to moral questions. This is a philosophical question, not a religious one. In either case, though, you won't find absolute morals in the Bible.   ... Because there is no ultimate moral truth, there is no possible way to question the assertion. The only possible response, if you disagree with the atheist, is to say you prefer behavior Y.  But in so doing, you establish personal preferences as the criteria for ethical behavior, which justifies the atheist in his assertion. So because you don't understand our arguments about ethics, you pretend they don't exist. Good to know.  Here is but a glimpse at the "morality" wrought by Atheism: That's not a list that has anything to do with atheism. If you want to talk numbers of murders caused by Christian sources, how about you add up all the deaths caused or facilitated by God Himself according to the Bible, then add all the deaths from the Crusades and the Inquisition, just for starters. Problem is, those numbers are so astronomical that you won't find accurate counts. The church could have tried keeping up with how many people they tortured and killed, but they were too busy torturing and killing. What a shame.
While Electrolyte may have come out rather strongly, I must say the post that started the debate is als very offensive.   First, it neglects to mention that there is a moral code in every society, even atheistic ones. They may not claim divine source or similar for it, but informal rules of "this is done, and this is NOT done" emerge. Always.   Second, it completely forgets that there are many many religions and philosopies that have attained a quasi-religious status all over the world. To claim Christian exclusivity is, I'm sorry to say it, either ridiculously uninformed or downright insulting to all the other religions and beliefs. Try Buddhist teachings, Confucianism, the Giri concept of the Japanese and similar for examples of high morality standards that have no connection whatsoever to Christianity.   Third, it is most tiresome to see all the horrors of the world ascribed to atheism when atheism has nothing to do with them. Atheism has nothing to do with the nationalism of the Nazis and Fascists, has nothing to do with the cult of personality established by various dictators and similar. And don't even try to claim I don't know any of it. I LIVE in the area you claim as "Tito's slaughterhouse". I KNOW what it was all about. And atheism didn't get even nearly close to the true causes.   Fourth: Atheism merely excludes god as a source of morality. That's all, as far as morality is concerned. Moralities can still be established on other bases, including philosophical discourse, statistical analysis and sociological studies. The basic "thou shalt not kill" forms even within animal families, as sibling animals learn to cooperate against the outer world. To claim humans are not so able is, well, if not untrue, at least very cynical.
I contend that: Atheists have no framework for morality.  Morality only comes from Christianity.   If we were to take this claim seriously, we would have to conclude that no atheists throughout history have ever behaved morally, or postulated moral codes that operate in the absence of belief in a deity, and that there is no morality in countries that aren't ruled by Christianity today (the great majority), or existed anywhere on the planet before Christianity.  Since both conclusions are manifestly at odds with reality, we can say the thesis has been flatly disproved. Consequently, there really isn't much point in addressing the rest of these rather strange allegations, but hey... the claims are so outrageous, let's nail them.  Atheists believe that each and every person should have their own reality. This is quite disturbing, and should send a chill down the spines of non-atheists.  It would be interesting to know which atheists make such an odd claim.  If one removes God from the picture of moral discussion, one removes the possibility that there are any such things as moral truths; the possibility that there are, in fact, right answers to moral questions.   Actually, it does no such thing. It merely means a secular moralist must justify moral codes on the basis of their intrinsic rationality and real world consequences, rather than appealing to a deity as an arbitrary authority. Since all the scriptures of the world have been written by people, this moral authority represents nothing more than their personal opinions about what they think their god wants.  You are stuck with mere preferences. An atheist prefers behavior X, and therefore he deems behavior X as ethical. Because there is no ultimate moral truth, there is no possible way to question the assertion. The only possible response, if you disagree with the atheist, is to say you prefer behavior Y.   This accusation ignores the many philosophical treatises written by secular philosophers to base morality on truths other than commandments attributed to some deity or other. The utilitarianism of Bentham, Mill and Singer is but one such example. Atheists are perfectly capable of reasoning, and explaining why they favour some moral codes over others.  Here is but a glimpse at the "morality" wrought by Atheism: http://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/NOTE1.HTM  II 128,168,000 VICTIMS: THE DEKA-MEGAMURDERERS 4. 61,911,000 Murdered: The Soviet Gulag State  5. 35,236,000 Murdered: The Communist Chinese Ant Hill  6. 20,946,000 Murdered: The Nazi Genocide State  7. 10,214,000 Murdered: The Depraved Nationalist Regime  III 19,178,000 VICTIMS: THE LESSER MEGA-MURDERERS 8. 5,964,000 Murdered: Japan's Savage Military  9. 2,035,000 Murdered: The Khmer Rouge Hell State  10. 1,883,000 Murdered: Turkey's Genocidal Purges  11. 1,670,000 Murdered: The Vietnamese War State  12. 1,585,000 Murdered: Poland's Ethnic Cleansing  13. 1,503,000 Murdered: The Pakistani Cutthroat State  14. 1,072,000 Murdered: Tito's Slaughterhouse  IV 4,145,000 VICTIMS: SUSPECTED MEGAMURDERERS 15. 1,663,000 Murdered? Orwellian North Korea  16. 1,417,000 Murdered? Barbarous Mexico  17. 1,066,000 Murdered? Feudal Russia  Ho-hum. Well, none of these alleged examples of atheist immorality have anything to do with atheism. The crimes were not committed in the name of atheism, or to promote atheism. They were the crimes of political ideologues and petty dictators. Some are even directly attributable to religious prejudices: need I also refer to the religious slaughter in Northern Ireland?  It's even worth pointing out that many of them occurred in officially Christian countries, such as Germany, Poland and Tzarist Russia, or devoutly Islamic countries such as Pakistan -- and all these for religious reasons that had nothing to do with atheism. One could list lots of crimes across the entire world committed by Christians, in the name of Jesus Christ, to promote their religion and political power. Would that prove that Christianity is an immoral religion? Does 9/11 and other terrorist atrocities committed in the name of Allah prove that Islam is an immoral religion? By the identical arguments proposed here, one would have no choice but to reach that conclusion.  The thesis proposed here has no merit at all. Factually and logically, it is terminally flawed.
The one thing I find disturbing about Christian morals is they state God as the moral authority over mankind but when you mention the countless acts of Genocide in the bible they dismiss it as Gods will. To me as an Atheist any genocide is an evil act, but to the Christian the Destruction of Sodom or the great flood was a moral act because God 'dunnit'  In fact a question posed by Dawkins in the God Delusion(I am paraphrasing)  Can you seriously tell me the only reason you do not indulge in immorality is because of God? If we took God out of the picture would you then start committing rape and murder?   If you answer 'no' to both questions, this then would render the OP's thesis as incorrect.
Which is exactly what SHOULD be concluded.   lesse - That whole punishing the rapevictim in Saudi arabia. THAT was "moral"? I could go on and on with this.  Never heard of moral relativism?    Which leads to things like gay marriage, abortion, etc. And also denies us the ability to say that Staliin or Hitler was wrong.    You may very well be capable of reasoning. Just not capable of morality through the framework of the atheistic belief system.   Strawman, my friend. Where did I ever say that these were done in the name of atheism or to promote atheism.   What I really said was that these things were a result of the moral-less framework of the atheist belief system. They are the fruit of atheism - they were justified by those doing it because of the moral relativism of atheism.   And yet all were done mainly by atheistic leaders whose atheism gave them the framework to justify what they were doing.  These would not be Christians - they would not be following the moral code of Christianity.  As they are not christians, no.  Yes.    In your atheistic opinon.  Frankly, most of this diatribe is not suited to this semi-formal debate forum. If you want to troll, rather than discuss intelligently, there are other religious forums here where these talents would be more appreciated.  However, before I leave you, I have to point out that the opinion of a Christian that only a Christian can be moral is nothing more than that: a self-serving opinion. Real life evidence stands against this, including both the moral behaviour of non-Christians, and the immoral behaviour of many Christians. The perennial cop-out, "Oh, they weren't 'real' Christians!!!" is about as convincing as a 3-dollar bill.  If you want to discuss an idea out of the pleasure of discussing it, get a civil tongue in your head and treat your adversaries on a formal forum with a modicum of respect. If you want a brawl, go to some other forum. Your anti-social behaviour here is just going to get this forum closed down as too difficult to manage.
Are there no moral Jews, no moral Hindus, no moral Muslims?  I think morality comes from compassion and caring for others more than from religion. I do not doubt that there were peoples with a degree or morality before Christ arrived and sparked Christianity.  Maybe our connotations of moral amd immoral need clarifying. What is it that makes you think there are no moral atheists?  It's a rare event to find myself in agreement with you, so I thought I'd mark it. You are absolutely right. All civilisations have had systems of morality, with many common themes. We could probably get into an interesting discussion of the origins of human morality, and I think that religious and other moral systems all stem from the same source: given human nature, there are only a few ways of constructing a human society successfully.  Religion, just as much as secular moral philosophies, are derivatives of basic human moral instincts (or imperatives?). They are all rationalisations of why humans behave morally, but I suspect the true reason is that societies that do not have these moral codes simply do not arise or survive.  Whether one argues they are god-given or evolved, they are intrinsic to our humanity.
What am I to do? I mean, I've studied Tito's WWII role in A CLASSROOM WITH TITO'S PORTRAIT ON THE WALL, and know exactly what kind of a bastard he was, what he did, and why he did it. I lived while he was still alive, he was MY MARSHALL (head of state), and once he died, the truth was made public, and...  ... and yet some guy from half the world away is trying to tell me it was all about atheism. Not, like, forbidden communist parties being prohibited pre-war, before they actually did anything wrong, forced into the underground, thus becoming best suited to start a resistance movement against the occupator and collaborators, usurping the leadership role over all the OTHER resistance groups (including Christian groups), fighting guerilla against a genocidal occupator (people from Yugoslavia went into the concentration camps too, you know? We even had some here...), executing collaborators (in repercussion to which hostages were taken), the whole society getting divided in half, and taking bloody revenge after the war coupled with disposession of opponents and executions of some, followed up by totalitarian repression, which might have sent people to jail or worse even over things like who's picture is on the wall (Stalin vs. Tito).   And all of this time, of course, Tito was screaming "I'm a atheist! I'm killing non-atheists because they were non atheists!"? And all atheists were screaming "Yes! You're right! Kill them all! Nothing immoral about it!"  Yeah right. Read the speeches, if you want to come out as knowing anything. See who is named an enemy, and why. And until you understand terms like samoupravljanje, don't claim you know ANYTHING.  And from the sample you offered, the same applies to the other examples you have offered. Some I already know most of them to be wrong, while the others are so vaguely mentioned one cannot be sure what they refer to.   It's easy claiming "All who did this were atheists". But it's wrong. If that way of arguing were accepted, you'd have to accept that all killers who have ever been christened are christian killers, too. And I'm sure you can see why that's wrong.
As usual you couldn't be more wrong in reality. Go back to any or all of the great civilizations in antiquity apart from Israel and you will find Societies where unless one was of Royal or at least Noble lineage then they had no rights of protection against Government abuse and Tyranny at all. If the King of any Civilization decided that he wanted to finance the building of a new castle or finance a war he would send his Royal Guard throughout his kingdom the very next day to collect the new tax by what ever means were necessary with no warning at all or time allowed for the people to raise the money.  If they couldn't pay they would be taken as slave labor or to be sold into slavery for the needed funds. No concern was given that they were human beings and complete families and even villages were destroyed so that the King could build his Castle or finance his War. Kings were no more than Robber Barons through out most of the past 5000 years. It wasn't until the Judeo Christian ethic was adopted on any level that the human and civil rights of the powerless started to spread around the World. And even then up till now there are Dictatorships that exist with complete Armies and Police Forces that protect and serve only the corrupt Government at the expense of the people of those Countries.  If you read the Old Testament, assuming it has some historical validity amid all the myths and legends, then the ancient Hebrews were no more or less moral than the societies around them. There is certainly no reason to think they were any better.  Our sense of morality has evolved considerably since those times, and we have a vastly more complex civilisation than the sheepherders did. Many of our notions of morality have advanced: for example, we no longer regard slavery as moral, and we frown on genocide, both of which were practiced by the Hebrews.  It wasn't until the secular Enlightenment that replaced Middle Age Christianity as the dominant philosophical perspective of Western political culture (with the help of many Christians appalled by the religious excesses of their co-religionists) that we achieved our present relative state of grace -- not that it is anything to be proud of, but at least we have ideals, though we rarely achieve them. Achieving them is the next step, but we have to overcome the noxious influence of religion and other ideologies first. That is not going to be easy.  In short, morality existed long before Christians, and Christianity, the occasional admirable blossom aside, was never its finest flower. We can hope to do better than we have done.
What I ACTUALLY said was that this was done by atheists and was as a result of the lack of morality of the atheist faith (along with their little invention of relative morals which allowed these people to justify the horrors they commited).  The trouble with that fantasy is it isn't true. Atrocities were committed by lots of people, and most of them were devout religious believers following some ideology, often that of their own religion. Atrocities in the Americas, Poland, Russia and many other places were committed by Christians in the name of Christ. Christians who cannot acknowledge this and expiate it are sinners.  The trouble with religion is it justifies horrors in the name of the god claimed to command them. Under a harsh religion, anything goes.  As Stephen Weinberg said (I paraphrase), with religion or with atheism, good people will do good things, and bad people will do bad things. It takes religion to make good people do bad things. Or, indeed, any ideology, so long as it is fervently believed in.  Atheism is the absence of belief. It doesn't force anyone to believe in anything, or any ideology. Atheism doesn't force people to be cruel to others. It takes religion to do that.
There are many examples of cruelty and immorality in the bible. We know this because we use our extra-biblical moral sensitivity to determine it. If there were no morality outside of the bible we would not be able to discern which parts of the good book are good. In addition, we have made considerable moral progress since biblical times - we abolished slavery, we have expanded human rights. Indeed, much progress has been made in that amoral last half of the twentieth century. We didn't learn this from the bible. We learned it in spite of the bible.
 II 128,168,000 VICTIMS: THE DEKA-MEGAMURDERERS 4. 61,911,000 Murdered: The Soviet Gulag State  Questionable. The Russian Orthodox Church was never fully destroyed and always kept around by the Soviets. Furthermore, their actions were not motivated by atheism.   5. 35,236,000 Murdered: The Communist Chinese Ant Hill  Not even close. China was never atheist in the term you are using. The Cult of Mao alone is enough enough to disprove that. Furthermore the ideas of Doaism and Buddhism never went away and were at time state supported. Monks often had their food paid for by the state. Hardly a 'atheist' state.   6. 20,946,000 Murdered: The Nazi Genocide State  Depending on who you quote, the Nazis were either Pagans or Christians as numerous speeches and propaganda cited either. Furthermore many state ceremonies and holidays have clearly religious overtones. Hardly a 'atheist' state.  7. 10,214,000 Murdered: The Depraved Nationalist Regime  Without knowing who this is, one cannot state if it was or was not atheist.   8. 5,964,000 Murdered: Japan's Savage Military  Imperial Japan was not atheist by any measures. A strong shinto belief has always been present in Japan often in the Court of the Emperor himself. To believe that Japan where Shinto and Buddhism have long thrived was a atheist state is to believe that only Christanity qualifies as a religion.   9. 2,035,000 Murdered: The Khmer Rouge Hell State  This may be the only one that actually qualifies, but to prove their actions were done on the basis of atheist ideals is going to be somewhat difficult.   10. 1,883,000 Murdered: Turkey's Genocidal Purges  Only if you consider Islam to be Atheism.   I can keep doing this, but I don't see the need when others realize what you really are.
I'm sorry if an observation of the truth seems offensive to you. I, however, did not resort to personal attacks against another poster - Electrolyte did. You are welcome to your observation, but when you call atheists amoral, that is an attack. I didn't rely on strange arguments, I didn't rely on obscure philosophy, and I didn't rely on anti-religious bias. I relied solely on history that you cannot refute. And you didn't even try.  Furthermore, you pull out the special pleading and argue that God is allowed to do despicable things because he's God. First, this is atrocious. Second, this is great fodder for a topic I'll visit in a moment.  If you really want to "debate" this topic, you'll have a debate. But you haven't answered my first post. After you've done so (including addressing the Crusades and the Inquisition), you should answer the following questions.  1. Atheists don't rely on "godly" arguments to come up with moral standards, yet most of them come up with identical or nearly identical sets. If morals are impossible without the Christian God's help, how can this be?  2. Christians don't follow the Bible's morality anyway. The Bible says that it's fine to own and beat slaves, that it's fine to sell your daughter into slavery, that it's fine-- nay, required to murder a person for blasphemy and for cursing a parent, etc. Instead, Christians pick and choose their morals from the Bible, accepting some and rejecting most. If God's word is the basis for their morality, (a) why do Christians have to pick and choose, and (b) why do Christians tend to select identical or nearly identical sets? (c) Why does "Christian morality" change with the times? For example, 18th century Christians saw no problem with slavery. I'm betting you do, although one never really knows...  3. Atheists have morals based on their reasoning and experience. Atheists understand that murder is wrong without being told from an outside source. Christians have to be told that murder is wrong in order to believe that murder is wrong. Which of these groups seems more morally advanced?  And my personal favorite:  4. From where does God get His morals? A. If God makes up His morals, then you're stuck acknowledging that if God says it's okay to torture your slaves, to rape virgins kept from your pillaging, and to murder blasphemers, then it must be true. But this problem is not limited to just examples we find in the Bible (although its tellingly hard to find examples of terrible morals that aren't endorsed by God somewhere in the Bible). If God said that it was immoral to not rape little girls, then that would mean that it really is immoral not to rape little girls. Does that mean that you'd rape little girls and feel no guilt? B. If God doesn't just make up His morals, then He gets them from somewhere else. If this is the case, then God isn't the ultimate authority on morals, is He? It would mean that God is not the source of morality, and morality exists without God at all.  If God told you to murder me, would you do it? Would it be moral?  I await your addressing of these points. But I'm not holding my breath.
God Created. He can Destroy.  That is what I mean you see that is a moral act even though if it did happen thousand or even more Men, Women and children where exterminated. I see the killing of all those by God(or God's chosen people) as an evil act. It amazes me that acts we in 21st Century find immoral will be rendered as moral as soon as the believer effectively says its God's will.  And yet the atheist belief system allows for everyone to have their own seperate set of morals. According to the Atheist system, what Hitleror Stalin did was perfectly moral because those atheists believed that what they were doing was moral. Disgusting if you ask me.  No because I believe you do not know what an Atheist belief system is. The only thing Atheist have in common is a disbelief in deities. After that you will find Atheist believe in different things, there is no unified Atheist belief system. Also you assert Hitler as Atheist could you provide proof to back up your assertion?  As God is not out of the picture and shan't ever be taken out of the picture for christians, your question is moot  Dismiss it if you want, but this is debate and in a debate you are often asked questions to support you arguments. What you have just done is the internet equivalent of sticking you fingers in your ears and saying 'Nah Nah Nah I can't hear you'  I can imagine a world where God exist even though I am an Atheist. I believe that I would still be the same person, I would still have the same political beliefs, I would still have the same moral code. That is because my morals are shaped by the society around me and my upbringing, not by some sort of Supernatural God who renders judgement upon high.   I also wonder as well, if God is an absolute authority on morals then why do you have Christians disagreeing on what is moral?  BTW I am not lesz :)
It's certainly possible for atheists to come up with secular moral philosophies that do not depend on theistic beliefs:  Humanist Manifesto 2000 A Call for a New Planetary Humanism  1. Preamble  Humanism is an ethical, scientific, and philosophical outlook that has changed the world. Its heritage traces back to the philosophers and poets of ancient Greece and Rome, Confucian China, and the Charvaka movement in classical India. Humanist artists, writers, scientists, and thinkers have been shaping the modern era for over half a millennium. Indeed, humanism and modernism have often seemed synonymous for humanist ideas and values express a renewed confidence in the power of human beings to solve their own problems and conquer uncharted frontiers.  II. Prospects for a Better Future  For the first time in human history we possess the means provided by science and technology to ameliorate the human condition, advance happiness and freedom, and enhance human life for all people on this planet.  III. Scientific Naturalism  The unique message of humanism on the current world scene is its commitment to scientific naturalism. Most world views accepted today are spiritual, mystical, or theological in character. They have their origins in ancient pre-urban, nomadic, and agricultural societies of the past, not in the modern industrial or postindustrial global information culture that is emerging. Scientific naturalism enables human beings to construct a coherent world view disentangled from metaphysics or theology and based on the sciences...  It is utterly incomprehensible that Christians should claim they are the only moral people on the planet. That sort of hubris doesn't seem to me to something that can emerge from an acceptance of Christ's teachings, as it is in direct conflict with them, especially those about humility and brotherly love.   The question should be: Can Christianism (the belief that Christianity is not only vastly morally superior to all other religious and philosophical systems, but that it is morally unacceptable for anyone to be a non-Christian) generate valid moral values? The evidence to date, based on the behaviour of Christianists towards non-Christians, suggests it cannot.  BTW, I am not Big_Bear_Scot ... he's on the OTHER side of Scotland! ;)
Wow, I don't think I have ever seen such a long-winded strawman.   That would be because this is actually a counter-strawman. You started up a strawman, claiming that atheism had something to do with the atrocities cited, and I showed how the examples cited had nothing to do with atheism.  What you are doing here is called a "no true Scotsman" argument. Any Christian that would commit an atrocity is ignored as no-true-Christian. At the same time, you are throwing all others into the same basket and applying a large "atheist" label to them.
I contend that: Atheists have no framework for morality.The rest of the proposition shows ChristAscended does not actually "contend that atheists have no moral framework". Rather he claims that the atheist's moral framework (or rather that of anyone except Christians) is dangerously flawed, as it relies on people using only reason to determine what is moral, and human reason is unreliable.i.e. - You are stuck with mere preferences.Leaving aside ChristAscended's later "no true Scotsman" argument and cherry picked biblical morality, ChristAscended contends that only Christian morality is true morality because it somehow delivers moral absolutes, which are objective, are not the product of human beings, and are presumably completely independent of human reason. Christians, he says, do not rely on morality from human reason; therefore their moral framework is superior. This argument relies wholly on a prior case that Christian morality does not come from words written by mere men, who applied unreliable human reason to write "mere preferences" in the bible. ChristAscended contends that morality comes from God. For ChristAscended's proposition to even be considered, much less upheld, he must first prove God's existence, and that the bible was written by men taking God's dictation. If ChristAscended cannot do this, he cannot assert that Christian morality is founded on any basis other than that of... well... all morality.
I am sorry if I sound harsh but to say that "Morality only comes from Christianity" is childish - to believe it as well is ridiculous.  As history has shown, and we are supposed to learn from history, religion is there only to separate us and put us in 'the opposite field of the battle' against one another.  Morality as a concept existed since a long time before Jesus or any other 'prophet' was born. And will still be here a long time after Christianity vanishes.  But if you were to live until that day, what would that mean for you? YOU would be unable to co-exist, as you more or less try to say, with the others around you cause you will have lost your God.  I am sorry you consider human beings 'too small'. I suggest you take a look around you and see what 'immoral' people have achieved. You will be amazed by the REAL wonders they have made!  And then, please explain to me how can one who is non-stop staring at you, waiting for you to make the slightest mistake by not OBEYING HIS orders just to see you burning in HIS own hell fires be moral?  What exactly is morality for you?
Ten Reasons Why I Broke Up with God By Annabelle Gurwitch, TheNation.com Posted on December 13, 2007, Printed on December 13, 2007 http://www.alternet.org/story/70460/  After his address on religion last week, I'm sure I'll never be invited to Mitt Romney's White House should he be elected President. It's not just because as a National Public Radio commentator, documentary filmmaker, single-payer universal healthcare proponent and driver's license for illegal immigration-supporting liberal, I don't travel in the same circles as he does. As an atheist, I now know that I'm not even included in Romney's America.  You see, I broke up with God years ago, but not really because of the big stuff that leading godless heathens like Christopher Hitchens write about. As with most relationships, it's the little things that drove me crazy. Here's my top-ten list of reasons I gave God the old heave-ho. In no particular order:  1. Shellfish. My God would never make mussels, clams and oysters taste so good and then prohibit me, a Jewish gal, from eating them.  2. The meek shall inherit the earth. In my family, like much of America's workforce, not only have the meek inherited nothing, they are barely holding on to their standard of living. So on this point alone, I reject the Bible.  3. American Gladiators. If there were a God, American Gladiators would not be returning to TV this winter.  4. Iran. If there were a God one part of our government wouldn't be opening doors to negotiate with Ahmadinejad, while another fans the flames for military action.  5. There's not enough good Szechwan in Los Angeles. If there were a God, he would make better Chinese food more readily available in Los Angeles. LA is mostly made up of transplanted New Yorkers, so why can't we get good old chicken and broccoli in garlic source out West?  6. Britney Spears. If there were a God, Britney Spears wouldn't be one of the most Googled topics on the Internet. Although perhaps there is a God and this is one of the signs of the apocalypse. Example: Spears gave us views of her vajayjay: 3,450,000 Google hits. Jonas Salk gave us the polio vaccine: 212,000 Google hits.  7. Multitasking is of dubious effectiveness. Recent studies have shown that multitasking isn't that productive. If there were a God, he wouldn't allow my illusion of being able to accomplish more on a daily basis to be taken away from me.  8. God doesn't give you anything you can't handle. My God wouldn't allow people to make up inane aphorisms about him. I'm disorganized, easily distracted, have a fear of anything medical and have a kid with health issues. My God would know that I was a poor choice for this assignment, that this saying is just moronic and only serves to make people like me feel worse when we inevitably fail.  9. Trannies. Most all of the little beauty tips I've employed in my career as an actress I learned from the transvestites and transsexuals I used go-go dance with on the bar at the Pyramid Club in NYC. Especially tricks with crazy glue. My God simply would not stand for unequal treatment of gay people.  10. Darfur, AIDS, my awe and respect for the mysteries of science, that lead paint is in kids' toys, that we allow people to live on the streets, that we haven't passed stricter gun legislation... OK, I lied. I have a million top ten reasons why I reject the notion of the kind of God invoked in particular by the Republican candidates, though most of the Democrats have also enrolled in the campaign God-a-thon.  That said, I am willing to admit that I might be completely wrong about God. After all, round-toed Mary Janes are back, which is something I've prayed for, because it's just against nature to squeeze into pointy-toed high heels. Furthermore, Donny and Marie are reuniting. It seems so improbable that there is interest in them that even immaculate conception seems plausible to me now. Not to mention that the chance of a presidential run by former pastor Mike Huckabee -- not long after a movie about existentialism titled I (Heart) Huckabee was released -- seems to be the same as the notion that dinosaurs walked the earth at the same time as man.  But if Mitt and I ever did break bread, he would get no flak from me on the Mormon faith. Compared to burning bushes, people turning into piles of salt, plagues and general mayhem of the Bible, I find Joseph Smith's buried tablets written in the secret language that no one has ever heard of a perfectly reasonable story that was turned into a three-part series on South Park -- such consistently brilliant satire that its existence alone might just prove there is a God.
Atheists and agnostics don't break up with god, we break up with self-righteous, hypocritical, religious zealots and nincompoops. God may or may not be real, but religion is a boondoggle.
In order to break up with someone, one must first have a relationship with them. That doesn't seem to have ever been the issue with you. So the premise of this thread is false and in the wrong forum. This thread should be in humor as the idea of you having a relationship with the living God is a joke, and a bad one at that. emoticon_xgood   Not very friendly, Mr. AA.
In order to break up with someone, one must first have a relationship with them. That doesn't seem to have ever been the issue with you. So the premise of this thread is false and in the wrong forum. This thread should be in humor as the idea of you having a relationship with the living God is a joke, and a bad one at that. emoticon_xgood  Are you saying that samiinh and Annabelle Gurwitch are one and the same person? If not, why your scurrilous post to samiinh?
Are you saying that samiinh and Annabelle Gurwitch are one and the same person? If not, why your scurrilous post to samiinh?  It's called Christer Love.
i was a christian with a strong pentecostal background. i got baptised, spoke in tongues, laid hands and even witnissed to non-believers. what caused me to figure out that god doesnt exist is by asking questions and being honest with myself. while it was a shocking and traumatic experience for me, not to mention the strain it put on my personal life at home and with my close friends and relatives, it was that simple. and i feel better about being honest to myself, even in the face of the social ostracizing i had to and still go through.  the biggest drawback in breaking up with god (which is really just breaking up with a figment of common imagination) is the social repercussions. on an individual level, even though you feel youve been duped all your life, you can get over it. but others who hold on to their beliefs usually never get over "losing" you. but its the price i gladly pay for the freedom from self delusion
i was a christian with a strong pentecostal background. i got baptised, spoke in tongues, laid hands and even witnissed to non-believers. what caused me to figure out that god doesnt exist is by asking questions and being honest with myself. while it was a shocking and traumatic experience for me, not to mention the strain it put on my personal life at home and with my close friends and relatives, it was that simple. and i feel better about being honest to myself, even in the face of the social ostracizing i had to and still go through.  the biggest drawback in breaking up with god (which is really just breaking up with a figment of common imagination) is the social repercussions. on an individual level, even though you feel youve been duped all your life, you can get over it. but others who hold on to their beliefs usually never get over "losing" you. but its the price i gladly pay for the freedom from self delusion  Thank you for sharing that. the more people who can share their experience with others, the more people will give up the nonsense called religion.
The more people who can share their experience with others, the more people will give up the nonsense called religion.If only that were true. I applaud your optimism.
i was a christian with a strong pentecostal background. i got baptised, spoke in tongues, laid hands and even witnissed to non-believers. what caused me to figure out that god doesnt exist is by asking questions and being honest with myself. while it was a shocking and traumatic experience for me, not to mention the strain it put on my personal life at home and with my close friends and relatives, it was that simple. and i feel better about being honest to myself, even in the face of the social ostracizing i had to and still go through.  the biggest drawback in breaking up with god (which is really just breaking up with a figment of common imagination) is the social repercussions. on an individual level, even though you feel youve been duped all your life, you can get over it. but others who hold on to their beliefs usually never get over "losing" you. but its the price i gladly pay for the freedom from self delusion  It sound like you went through a difficult time.   What you descrive sounds very similar to the coming out process (to oneself, that is). (Please now, I am not equating anything here, so I hope others don't jump on this.) The realization one comes to is that my previous way of thinking just isn't going to cut it anymore. I have to face this new reality. It is very painful. It is scary to face the world in a new way. The social repercussion are potentially enormous as you are worry about losing people in your life. I was very fortunate in not really losing anyone, but I was terrified of the possibility.   As you admit, when it is all over, it is a huge relief and life is much better facing the truth rather than self-delusion.
And for the other side ...  One person's process of "coming out" from atheism/agnosticism to oneself and into religion, and giving up the delusion of belief that there is no God:  "Why I Gave up on Atheism"  Yeah, that really happens a lot, jyoshu.  This sounds bogus anyway. The guy does not sound like an atheist. He sounds like the athiest that bible thumpers envision: In retrospect I realize that my rejection of Christianity stemmed from what Josh McDowell considers the three most common excuses for rejecting Christ: pride, moral problems and ignorance. I did not want to yield to anything, preferring myself as the ultimate authority in my life.He also talk about the "arguments" for the existence of god. Although many of my arguments against Christianity were of the "straw man" varietyName one. And he ends up believing in god because of "the cosmological argument".  This guy is a ringer planted by the Christians.
I don't know, it may just be me, but Britney Spears showing off her hoohaw makes me think there just may be a god.
Unless of course it's all wishful thinking, self-delusion, peer pressure, mass hysteria, etc.
the biggest drawback in breaking up with god (which is really just breaking up with a figment of common imagination) is the social repercussions.  This is BANG ON.  I know that for myself, I have a very few select people that I talk to on the subject, and I have this board. Other than that, I'm "in the closet".  It's like breaking up with a long time girlfriend - it's not just her you break up with, there are friends and family on both sides that are also lost or forced to make tough decisions that forever alter the relationships.  I'm not proud of it, but I prefer to lay low and go through the motions when necessary.   Waxy
Some converts from atheism to Christianity  * Steve Beren - Former member of the Socialist Workers Party (United States) who became a Christian conservative politician.[1] * Anders Borg - Sweden's Minister for Finance.[2] * Francis Collins - Geneticist who was an atheist until age 27, but then converted to Christianity.[3] * T. S. Eliot - Poet who converted from atheism to Anglicanism in 1927, aged thirty-nine.[citation needed] * André Frossard - French journalist who was atheist, but converted to Catholicism in 1935.[4] * Joy Gresham - Poet and wife of C. S. Lewis.[5] * Anna Haycraft - Raised in Auguste Comte's atheistic "church of humanity", but became a conservative Catholic in adulthood.[6] * Ignace Lepp - French psychiatrist whose parents were freethinkers and who joined the Communist party at age fifteen. He broke with the party in 1937 and eventually became a Catholic priest.[7] * Félix Leseur - Doctor turned priest. His conversion, in part, came by efforts of his wife who was declared a Servant of God by the Catholic Church.[8] * C. S. Lewis - writer who became an atheist as a young man but returned to Christianity and wrote many books about his faith.[9] * Alister McGrath - Biochemist and Christian theologian. Founder of 'Scientific theology' and critic of Richard Dawkins in books like Dawkins' God: Genes, Memes, and the Meaning of Life and The Dawkins Delusion?.[10][11] * Lacey Mosley - Vocalist and lyricist for Alternative metal band Flyleaf.[12] * William J. Murray - Son of Madalyn Murray O'Hair who became a Born again preacher.[13] * Marvin Olasky - Former Marxist turned Christian conservative, he edits the Christian World (magazine).[14][15] * Enoch Powell - Conservative Party (UK) member who converted to Anglicanism.[16] * George R. Price - Geneticist who became an Evangelical Christian and wrote about the New Testament. Later he moderated his evangelistic tendencies and switched from religious writing to working with the homeless.[17][18] * Gerald Priestland - News correspondent who discusses having once been the "school atheist" in Something Understood: An Autobiography. He became a Quaker after an emotional breakdown.[19] * Dame Cicely Saunders - Templeton Prize and Conrad N. Hilton Humanitarian Prize winning nurse known for palliative care. She converted to Christianity as a young woman.[20] * Edith Stein - Phenomenologist philosopher who converted to Catholicism and became a Discalced Carmelite nun; declared a saint by John Paul II.[21] * Peter Steele - Lead singer of Type O Negative.[22] * Fay Weldon - British novelist and feminist.[23] * John C. Wright - Science fiction author.  pasted from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_former_atheists  How can anyone argue with a list like that. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes   Waxy
LOL! Just can't fathom someone coming to different conclusions than you did, huh? emoticon_rolleyes  I'm just sayin'.   He didn't sound like he was much of an atheist after reading his words. He desribes atheism like Archie describes it. Even if he ultimately changed his mind back about god, he needn't come to those silly perjorative and unfounded conclusions about non-belief. It us unrelated to your accusation.
Tell me this paulie, if you spoke in tongues and layed hands on people in prayer that resulted in healings then you were filled with the Holy Spirit of God. Because one can only receive and exhibit the gifts of the Spirit if they have the indwelling of the Holy Spirit of God, so how did you go from that pinnacle of christian experience to believing that God doesn't even exist? Were you in fact a charlatan who was faking being a christian? Because there is no way you really spoke in tongues and laid hands on people according to Gods spirit and then after allegedly having these gifts you just decided God doesn't exist. So lie to yourself about having known God but don't lie to me because I know what a real relationship with Him is all about and I too have spoken in tongues and laid hands on others leading to healings, and there is no way I could walk away from God after experiencing His gifts first hand.   Arch, he didn't say they resulted in 'healings'. The vast majority of the time, they don't.  Psychologically speaking, many people can get a temorary high and with the adrenaline running, do things they'd normally not be ableto easily do. After the high wears off, they experience the same problems they did before. If they are still available, I can show you some youtube clips that show people still suffering moments after an 'anointed healer' laid hands on them and proclaimed them better.  As to speaking in tongues, that's a learned experience and common parlor-style stick. Some who have worked in this 'industry' have come forward and spoken clearly how they get the majority of people to babble like an infant. Others have admitted 'faking' that 'gift' so as to fit in and feel more important.  There have been NO documented cases of anyone speaking in a foreign language (which is what biblical tongues is about) related to Christianity.  I've personally delt with some people who were like unker here, who have left these types of groups and later admit to how they were sucked into it. Fake it til you make it. And being conscious of the fact isn't necessary. Just like many people who fall for simple psychological manipulation tricks, you can even know how it works and still be a sucker.  And like a con, some people simply don't want to admit the truth due to pride issues and not wanting to be seen as a dupe or ignorant of weakly taken advantage of.  As I've discussed with you before, the bible is clear on charismatic gifts. You get what the spirit gives you and the spirit doesn't have to give you anything unless there is a reason. Gifts are not 'show things' to make you feel good. They were for education and conversion purposes.  The lie is in the beginning. Believing what people falsely push upon you from a self imposed position of authority. And, I'd ask you to think of Simon the sorcerer from Acts. He was a huckster who sought to buy these gifts because his heart wasn't in the right place and he didn't understand what they were for. He wanted to use them to elevate himself and help his business. He saw and wanted. He was severly chastised becasue that's not what they are for and you can't buy...nor fake them. Fake miracles are the work of the beast. Used to deceive the church.  These facimilies are used by the 'Super Apostles' Paul warns about. The Wolves in your midst to devour you and market you for their own purposes.  You shouldn't chase after signs and experiences but keep to the unchanging word of God.  It's for these very reasons that in over 2,000 years of this Christian movement, believers haven't followed such or put much focus on it. And in nearly every recorded instances of some prophet (after the 1st Apostles have long died) comeing forth and pushing that they have these gifts, a close review of their beliefs in comparison to what the Word has to teach has proven them to be heretics.  A 'Christian experience' is the regenerating and strengthening of a believer in times of temptation and turmoil. To withstand attacks and remain firm in their faith. To suffer loss and grieve yet to be made ever more in the image of the Christ. It's NOT to babble like a pagan, or wallow upon the floor like a drunkard. To run, shout and carry on like a hysterical woman.  It's to know that the good works, which are the fruit of your faith, will speak to all who witness of your conviction and that no matter what persecution you face you are the one to seek reconciliation with your tormentors and be ever ready to forgive when asked and if that doesn't happen, to know that the kingdom of Heaven awaits. A place where you'll be justified for your faith and actions and know eternal joy in the light of God.  If you're in a Flesh-oriented church that tries to pass an emotional experience off as a spiritual one. You need to flee.  You can sing and dance for the Lord and to express your thanks but, that's only a partial product of worship. Not the end result and not the experience. And if one is being led by the Spirit in such things as these, a pastor would NEVER have the power to 'turn them on or off' as some have demonstrated.  This is not to say that you engage in such behavior, nor if you do that you do so all the time. But to state that many religions that do these things are ingenious and harmful counterfeits. The title 'Cult' serves them well.
How can anyone argue with a list like that. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes   Waxy  Agreed. Impressive. I am changing my mind now.
What you have described is what it takes to be an atheist and deny that the living God is exactly who He say's He is in His Holy Word, the Bible.How you figure when the religious family I grew up in are all still religious? I don't have a group I gather with to convince ourselves there is no God. Not until my mind was made up did I know anyone who had reached the same conclusion. I never wanted to disbelieve. It was just unavoidable when I looked at these things rationally. When God's plan allows for some much suffering of innocents something's seriously wrong. No God is at least a rational explanation. This all came to me at an even more tender age than when your wisdom "infilled" you, at age fifteen, wasn't it?
How you figure when the religious family I grew up in are all still religious? I don't have a group I gather with to convince ourselves there is no God. Not until my mind was made up did I know anyone who had reached the same conclusion. I never wanted to disbelieve. It was just unavoidable when I looked at these things rationally. When God's plan allows for some much suffering of innocents something's seriously wrong. No God is at least a rational explanation. This all came to me at an even more tender age than when your wisdom "infilled" you, at age fifteen, wasn't it?  That's a good point. I decided on my own there is no god. It is not something you talk about with believers. I thought everyone else was a believer. No one else ever talked to me about this before I grew to disbelieve all by myself.   Sorry to drag the same analogy into this again (don't want to sound like Matthew), but it's kind of like the gay thing. I didn't want to be gay cause of them gays is creepy like everyone told me. The same with atheism. All atheists are horrible child-eating, amoral satan-worshipping nasties. Well, I wasn't told that literally, but in my experience the word atheist got used a lot in the same breath as things like "communist" an equally deplorable condition. God fearin' folk are good and athiests are not.
Tell me this paulie, if you spoke in tongues and layed hands on people in prayer that resulted in healings then you were filled with the Holy Spirit of God. Because one can only receive and exhibit the gifts of the Spirit if they have the indwelling of the Holy Spirit of God, so how did you go from that pinnacle of christian experience to believing that God doesn't even exist? Were you in fact a charlatan who was faking being a christian? Because there is no way you really spoke in tongues and laid hands on people according to Gods spirit and then after allegedly having these gifts you just decided God doesn't exist. So lie to yourself about having known God but don't lie to me because I know what a real relationship with Him is all about and I too have spoken in tongues and laid hands on others leading to healings, and there is no way I could walk away from God after experiencing His gifts first hand. i didnt "just" believe that god doesnt exist. it was a long process that took several months. i was a closet agnostic for a few months. i continued to go to church while seriously pondering every word my pastor spoke. and to be honest, the pastor of my church is an intelligent guy. he is well read and travelled, speaks several languages and has a good grasp of economics, business, politics and other "thinking" subjects. plus he breaks down the scriptures in a way that i still admire.  when i spoke to him about my position, he was very civil and treated me with respect, even though he disagreed he never made it an issue of right or wrong, but rather asked me questions to see if he could help me reevaulate my position. i did think about what he said and left the meeting with even more respect than ever.  as for laying of hands, healing the sick, speaking in tongues, and other "manifestations" of the holy spirit, i can still do those things. none of these need god's existence to work. you dont utter meaningless sounds involuntarily under the control of any external supernatural force. you utter these sounds in faith as a form of advanced praise to god, but you control what you do and voluntarily say what comes out of your mouth. healing the sick is not a matter of a supernatural force entering a sick person's body and surgically mending their internal ailment. prayer and healing works because the person being prayed for accepts mentally that they are going to get better, and for the majority of pains and aches, thats all that is necessary. agreeing in faith on the acheivement of any goal works in secular groups just as well as in church groups.   that religious practices and techniques work because long long ago, somebody discovered the amazing power of the subconscious mind, the power of positive thinking, and the power of agreement, but couldnt figure out how the heck it could be possible. it seemed as though these events of good fortune were caused by a powerful unseen force, and that was because they was. to them they were miracles, and for all intents and purposes they were. this was religion in the purest form: the power of faith  of course, religion expanded and evolved. this unseen force took on a personality, with a temperament, and likes and dislikes. originally, the only way tp tap into this unseen power was by the way you thought. men wanting power expanded on this idea, created justification for people's misfortunes, and segregated the "blessed" from the "cursed". to this day, society has never recovered from this tragic paradigm, and only in small circles, almost an underground movement, is the original system of faith being revived  now you can wave away everything i just said as an elaborate cop-out of believing in god. and i'm not trying to convince you that youre wrong and i'm right. i'm just telling you what went through my mind and what i've learned in becoming an atheist  i think i am in a unique position. i have never and cannot look down on believers, or feel that i am more enlightened than the person in religion. i dont condemn people who believe in creation or protest against homosexuality. i still view religion itself as a cornerstone of civilization, and i think it was a necessary and inevitable part of our social evolution. i never generalize that all christians are gullible sheep, nor that all atheists are superior geniuses. this seperates me from most other atheists. abandoning my belief in god doesnt release me from being morally responsible or knowing what right and wrong is. it doesnt mean that i cant exercise faith, love my neighbor, or follow any of the other principles i learned as a christian  where i distance myself from christianity the most is the issue of afterlife. i am totally annoyed by the idea pedalling the concept of going to heaven or hell. as a matter of fact, if you need the ultimate carrot and stick of eternal life or eternal anguish, if you need to be constantly reminded that god is watching you, if you can only be motivated to do good because you want a reward, then how in the world can you tell anyone that you are morally superior? this is the main aspect of christianity that creeps me out, and ultimately, it is the biggest form of corruption that religion is polluted with
That's a good point. I decided on my own there is no god. It is not something you talk about with believers. I thought everyone else was a believer. No one else ever talked to me about this before I grew to disbelieve all by myself.   Sorry to drag the same analogy into this again (don't want to sound like Matthew), but it's kind of like the gay thing. I didn't want to be gay cause of them gays is creepy like everyone told me. The same with atheism. All atheists are horrible child-eating, amoral satan-worshipping nasties. Well, I wasn't told that literally, but in my experience the word atheist got used a lot in the same breath as things like "communist" an equally deplorable condition. God fearin' folk are good and athiests are not.  I can relate to you and sinjin. Although I spent years in churches pretending, it wasn't until recently I actually accepted the fact there really isn't any evidence for any of it. It is all a big hoax.
I don't know, it may just be me, but Britney Spears showing off her hoohaw makes me think there just may be a god. Are you kidding? Subjecting us to the image and to the hysterical, ridiculous media fallout is just confirmation that there is no loving god like most people believe. A malevolent god, on the other hand...
Agreed. Impressive. I am changing my mind now.  You mean you are becoming straight?  Have I got a nice girl for you.
I can relate to you and sinjin. Although I spent years in churches pretending, it wasn't until recently I actually accepted the fact there really isn't any evidence for any of it. It is all a big hoax.  Oh, I've pretended and was respectful too.  I attended some services only out of love for my family who believed and to show them support and solidarity.  Most of my political and moral beliefs coinside with Christianity and could see commonality in goals.  Several years back, I participated in one of those odd events that Churches put on for fun and education. It was 'Antioch 67' dealing with the early church days when many believers hid and were persecuted. As a sculpter, I doned the robes as a potter for a week and knew some of the actual history of those times and places as well as the job. As the kids came around, I'd educate them on some trivia. Most said that of all those present, I fit the part the best. Having the long 'Jesus' hair and appearance. I've even had some tell me that I looked like Jesus in the past...when I was in my prime. ;) All that...and an athiest.  When out eating at restaurants with the children alone, I'd have them pray before eating IN PUBLIC, simply out of respect to the wife who was a believer. That's not to say I went about things blindly or failed to not express my views. Like if Christmas is the birthday celebration of the Christ, then He's the one to be thought of and honored...and not let the kids turn it into a hypocritical event. If they were going to be anything, hypocrits wasn't one of them.   When the children were in an evangelistic oriented private school (I believe in public education but sometimes it lacks and I think there are too many pit falls of home schooling to do it myself) I was supportive there too. Didn't get upset that they taught creationism and ID. Brushing them up on concepts of evolution for later use isn't too hard to do on my own. I recall even drawing a poster for my son (Moses's*- My choice of names, not the wifes) class. He's into snakes...BIG time and the project was looking for a class mascot. Being a sometimes-professional artist, I drew a picture of bible-Moses' outstretched hand grasping his Staff that was turning into a cobra that had the tail of another snake hanging out of it's mouth with the motto "None before Me." on it. This tied in with his love of snakes, a bible-based story playing on my sons name, the fact that a cobra was sacred to the Egyptians (mocking the heathens) and is a snake eating creature and the fact that that was what happend in the biblical story of the staff. Plus it supported the notion of a jealous God who's power was greater than any other and reinforces one of the commandments. Pretty clever huh? * One time, one of the nutter parents commented that when she was pregnant with her youngest, her oldest suggested the name Moses, she replied that she didn't know of any white people with that name. It stung a bit of racism.  Jo Bennet (from another forum) here could attest that while agnostic, I was fairly supportive of and not excessively hostile to believers.  But, that changes when believers end up only thinking they are right. Rather than seek secular support to common-cause agendas, they take a hard core 'If you're not with us, you're against us.' stance. It changes if you're scapegoated.   In the end, after a convoluted series of events. My position won out.  Most family members and friends, on their own, eventually came to the same conclusion I did. Almost using the same reasoning and resources I did. Without a single shred of help or influence from me. Some still believe and so long as not being hypocrits or attacking me, I don't have a real problem with it.  I believe religion is in-built to most of humanity. Part of our curiosity and desire to know. But, like with most people, some are immune to it or composed without what ever it is that forms into that aspect.  That explains why some people convert from one faith to another. There's that ingrained desire for it. Couple it with how it's reinforced and propagated from generation to generation and it's little wonder that we still have it. I'd even say that if civilization were to abandon it, it'd still rise up in times of crisis and stress like other vestigal psychological aspects we have.   Anyway, just tonight as the son and I were out watching I Am Legend and The Chipmunk movie, we noticed some former family friends who were hard core evangelical nutters. They did as they believe...they shunned. They were instrumental in my scapegoating years back too. Odd, since I went out of the way to abundantly buy them gifts for a baby shower for their oldest daughter...they were the wifes friends, and while I didn't like them, I believe friends do good for friends and wished for my wife to be a blessing to her friends. And being human, knowing many of their deep dark hypocritical secrets. I felt the victor. Like Legion did at the end in Stephen King's 'Storm of the Century'. I then thought, What would I do if I was one of the last humans alive lik the movies Legend or Mist and stumbled across them, would I help?  Kinda makes it hard when you know their answer...   But, now, from time to time, I'll visit some chruch out of curiosity as to their beliefs and practices. You can read a lot on a subject, but real anthropological study is often hands on.  When I go, I'm respectful and more often than not, simply state 'Peace be with you.'
A lot of words just to say you never knew God at all so you never really broke up with anyone as you never had a true relationship with the living God at all anyway. So the bottom line is that everything you asserted about speaking in tongues and laying hands on people was a fraud and you trying to fit in with something you never really had. No-true-Scotsman fallacy.  Keep serving up the fat pitches, Archie, and we'll keep knocking them out of the park.
A lot of words just to say you never knew God at all so you never really broke up with anyone as you never had a true relationship with the living God at all anyway. So the bottom line is that everything you asserted about speaking in tongues and laying hands on people was a fraud and you trying to fit in with something you never really had. But just because you are a fraud paulie, it doesn't mean that God is one. I am here to tell you that my relationship with Him is real and based on a personal relationship with Him through Christ who died for all of our sins. Just because you deny that reality, it doesn't mean it isn't real. yeah arch, you and everyone else who has this personal relationship with a god that you believe in, yet who never talks to you or manifests his existence in your life, have the real deal. you believe in a being that men wrote about in a state of gross ignorance and social delusion. you believe that a bible, canonized under the authority of a murderous tyrant, is the ultimate source of morality. you believe that god is possible of feats such as flooding the entire globe with water that doesnt even exist on the planet, yet he is somehow incapable of saving innocent infants from deformities, diseases and deaths. the greatest feats of power of god recorded in the old testament always involved the destruction of the people he created and then condemned for not doing what they were never told to do. you have to be threatened with the most horrific images of torture and gore in order to be motivated to do what is right. but, you have the real deal  when you think about it, being a fraud rocks. christians like you are the reason why atheists who are usually tolerant and respectful of religion become contemptuous and abhorant of it. keep your bible, your heaven and your god. you cant induce guilt in me about my decision. by displaying your arrogance, discrimination and judgemental attitude, you display that you are truly a child of the biblical god. you speak love and demonstrate hate and condemnation, just like god does. you invite the weak-minded with a promise of hope, then ensnare them in perpetual guilt and deflated self-worth, just like god does. you stir up your fellowmen with scriptural commandments, then immediately justify yourself when you do exactly the opposite, just like god does.   i dont have to say youre a fraud or a hypocrite or a self deluded idiot. actions always speak louder than words
yeah arch, you and everyone else who has this personal relationship with a god that you believe in, yet who never talks to you or manifests his existence in your life, have the real deal. you believe in a being that men wrote about in a state of gross ignorance and social delusion. you believe that a bible, canonized under the authority of a murderous tyrant, is the ultimate source of morality. you believe that god is possible of feats such as flooding the entire globe with water that doesnt even exist on the planet, yet he is somehow incapable of saving innocent infants from deformities, diseases and deaths. the greatest feats of power of god recorded in the old testament always involved the destruction of the people he created and then condemned for not doing what they were never told to do. you have to be threatened with the most horrific images of torture and gore in order to be motivated to do what is right. but, you have the real deal  when you think about it, being a fraud rocks. christians like you are the reason why atheists who are usually tolerant and respectful of religion become contemptuous and abhorant of it. keep your bible, your heaven and your god. you cant induce guilt in me about my decision. by displaying your arrogance, discrimination and judgemental attitude, you display that you are truly a child of the biblical god. you speak love and demonstrate hate and condemnation, just like god does. you invite the weak-minded with a promise of hope, then ensnare them in perpetual guilt and deflated self-worth, just like god does. you stir up your fellowmen with scriptural commandments, then immediately justify yourself when you do exactly the opposite, just like god does.   i dont have to say youre a fraud or a hypocrite or a self deluded idiot. actions always speak louder than words  Begging your pardon, but I have to day that when it comes to believers, their god is a reflection of them, not of anything else. there are many kind and wonderful believers, who just so happen to believe in a kind and wonderful God. Other people are loveless, obsessed with sex, and the sexual behavior of others, and their god just so happens to be loveless, ridged and so concerend with the sexual behavior of others.
If you really knew God Trebor, you would understand that it is the goal of every believer to become a closer reflection of God, not the other way around. You see, God created us in His image, we didn't create Him in ours. But why would I expect an atheist to comprehend that? And my God is a God of unconditional Love who died so that we might have life and have it more abundantly. But we must accept that free gift. Denying He even exists isn't the way into His good graces. But I don't want to be accused of preaching so i wont ask you to accept jesus as your personal Savior as only He is the way to eternal life. Ok? emoticon_xgood   You know.. you keep on saying 'unconditional love', then you keep yapping about conditions, and showing 'god hates' rather than 'god loves'. What you claim "God" would do does not match the 'unconditional love'. It matches your personal quirks, and prejudices.  You are more than enough reason to reject the God that you claim you worship. SO full of contradictions.
You mean you are becoming straight?  Have I got a nice girl for you. No, wrong change. But I appreciate the thought!
Begging your pardon, but I have to day that when it comes to believers, their god is a reflection of them, not of anything else. there are many kind and wonderful believers, who just so happen to believe in a kind and wonderful God. Other people are loveless, obsessed with sex, and the sexual behavior of others, and their god just so happens to be loveless, ridged and so concerend with the sexual behavior of others. I think that's a fair assessment, and put in a way I hadn't considered before. As Christians are all supposed to be singing from the same hymn sheet, and as that hymn sheet is so widely and differently interpreted, that should be evidence enough that it could not be divinely inspired. emoticon_xhoho
LOL! Just can't fathom someone coming to different conclusions than you did, huh? emoticon_rolleyes I know you won't think I'm impartial on this one, but I think thelmoose has nailed your source pretty precisely. I've known plenty of atheists, but never any whose atheism was motivated by thoughts like I did not want to yield to anything, preferring myself as the ultimate authority in my life. Morally, I didn't want any cosmic interferer telling me what was right and wrong. These are exactly the kind of sentiments fervent believers ascribe to atheists: you'll never hear atheists actually professing them. Our reasons for not believing lie entirely elsewhere.
And what actions would those be? You talk as if we were raised together and you have my whole life history to fall back on in not only judging my relationship with God but in condemning it as false and assumed. Tell me, where were you at Jesus 75 when God stopped the rain instantly in response to 30,000 believers praying for it together? I missed you there as I accepted Jesus as my Savior that weekend. Tell me, where did you sit in Bible College in all of my classes? I don't remember you there. And what gift did you give us as a wedding present? I don't remember it. And where are you in the pictures of when we celebrated the births of our daughters? I can't find you in them.   So on what basis do you judge my personal relationship with God through Christ? And are you actually implying that because you never actually had a real and true relationship with God that neither could I? face it, that is the depth of your assertions. It didn't happen to me so neither could it have happened to anyone else. So it all must be fake and unreal. That is the basis upon which all unbelievers base their rejection of Christ and their condemnation of those who claim to know Him personally.   Well paulie, you'll need to do better than that if you intend to insist that I and my God is a fraud. At least target a born again believer you have known for a lifetime before you insist on condemning them but don't choose someone like me whom you have never even met as it makes you appear irrational and even delusional. Which from where I'm sitting, any person who would say so adamantly what you say above about someone you have never even met is the most rational diagnosis available.   So let me ask you paulie, have you seen a shrink lately, cuz I think you're having delusions of grandeur or some other mental break with reality as you attempt to define people you have never even met. they invented this thing called a mirror. ever heard of it?  you are the one, who having never met me, nor knowing anything about my real life experiences, accused me of being a fraud and never being a true believer. so by the same token, who are you to tell me anything about the authenticity of my experiences?  and yes, your relationship with god is fake. god doesnt exist, so any relationship with god is purely imaginary. if your evidence of god's existence is seeing rain stop falling upon christians praying for it to stop, then you have the same prayer/answer ratio as any other religion, which also on occassion have their prayers "answered" immediately while they pray. its interesting how easy it is for you to rationalize the 999 other instances when you prayed and got no answer as "well, god will answer in his time", yet the one time out of a thousand when the answer and prayer coincide, its evidence that god answers prayer. if the rain had stopped falling at any time it would be counted as evidence that god answers prayer. wow
If you knew God then you would understand Him also. And you would understand me when I describe His grace, love and mercy towards us, His children. And you would understand that it is you who is questioning and rejecting Him and not Him who is rejecting you at any time. But you don't know Him so my words are foreign to you. How sad it is but true none the less.  You understand God. You have the intellectual capacity to converse with an omniscient being.  You also implore this infinitely wise being to have the rain stop at a particular time, since it may not have occured to him that it was an inopportune time.  Your egotism truly has no bounds.
When did I say I implored Him to make the rain stop? I was just one of 30,000 people holding hands in prayer as a Pastor on stage COMMANDED IT TO STOP.  Sooo...the false prophet commanded it to stop. For that is what he was unless he asked, in the name of Jesus, for it to stop. The way you phrased this here is 100% anti-biblical.  And it did and the Sun broke through before he finished speaking the words. As I said, at the time that that happened I still hadn't even accepted the Lord into my life yet. But that same night at 9:30 around a campfire I did. That was august 16th 1975. I will also tell you this Bill, the power of the Holy Spirit in that place was overwhelming and awe inspiring. But to describe it is impossible and neither could you understand or appreciate it.  If following the lead of a false teacher, it's no wonder that you opened yourself to allow entry of the demons that would be present. Ones who bring false signs and counterfeit miracles.  So Archy, from day one, you were filled with diabolical entities. It's no wonder that you repeatedly deny the authority of scripture when it doesn't suit you. It's no wonder that you spew bittle vitriol and toxic hate against all you don't bow down to Baal like you do.  You need more help than I thought.  May God have mercy upon you.
Sooo...the false prophet commanded it to stop. For that is what he was unless he asked, in the name of Jesus, for it to stop. The way you phrased this here is 100% anti-biblical.    If following the lead of a false teacher, it's no wonder that you opened yourself to allow entry of the demons that would be present. Ones who bring false signs and counterfeit miracles.  So Archy, from day one, you were filled with diabolical entities. It's no wonder that you repeatedly deny the authority of scripture when it doesn't suit you. It's no wonder that you spew bittle vitriol and toxic hate against all you don't bow down to Baal like you do.  You need more help than I thought.  May God have mercy upon you.   LOL. I"m not alone in thinking that I see.
So you DON'T consider yourself the ultimate authority on YOUR life? Over most aspects of it, certainly, though obviously I'm subject like anyone else to the laws and moral constraints of the society I live in. But this isn't a motivating factor persuading me toward atheism, nor is it in anyone else I've spoken to or whose thoughts on the matter I have read. These things that writer is saying are some of the very things I hear argued toward Christianity by atheists pretty often--things like Christians yielding unquestioning to authority, or that Christians shouldn't have their morality determined by an idea of God. This is not the same thing at all as those atheists declaring that these issues led them to atheism. Based on the arguments I hear from atheists, it seems the author was the one who nailed it. If atheists don't think the way this author subscribed, then some are flat out lying in the way they sometimes argue against Christians. I'd very much like to see a source where an atheist - not, please, a christian professing once to have been an atheist - states that avoidance of divine authority over her/his life was a motivating factor in choosing atheism. Over to you.
So you're saying that ascribing authority to the divine is not a reason you or other atheists choose atheism? (Is that not part of what belief in God is??) Doesn't the same also apply to ascribing morality? And why would atheists choose against religion for ONE reason, then argue something DIFFERENT against it? (You're essentially drawing a distinction there!) What the author is saying seems to just be another way of stating the very things that atheists disagree with in terms of religious belief.  First of all, why would you think atheists have the same reasons for rejecting theism? You really have to deal with atheists on a one-to-one level. What works (or doesn't) for John Hanks is not necessarily what suits or displeases me, which is not necessarily what... etc.  What atheists have in common is that to them, atheism makes more sense than theism. It has nothing to do with rejection of one authority over acceptance of another. They usually differ in why it makes more sense, and there is nothing beyond their disbelief that unites atheists, so it's pretty pointless looking for a common denominator deeper than that.  You probably could come up with some taxonomy of atheists, various groups of beliefs. You might even find commonalities between atheists in how they think, though I suspect they'd be limited. But you aren't going to find one single factor that explains all atheists.
So you're saying that ascribing authority to the divine is not a reason you or other atheists choose atheism? (Is that not part of what belief in God is??) Doesn't the same also apply to ascribing morality? And why would atheists choose against religion for ONE reason, then argue something DIFFERENT against it? (You're essentially drawing a distinction there!) What the author is saying seems to just be another way of stating the very things that atheists disagree with in terms of religious belief.  It's becoming painfully clear that you have zero understanding of atheism. You've created a caricature of it in your mind that you can't separate from reality.  I'll just chime in as another agnostic/atheist to agree that the reasons professed by this "convert" are in no way related to my, or any other agnostic/atheist I know, reasons for not believing in God.  Take that for what you will.  Waxy
So you're saying that ascribing authority to the divine is not a reason you or other atheists choose atheism? No, I said wanting to evade or deny divine authority is not a reason why I or other atheists I know choose atheism. If god exists, it has authority. How could that not be so? But I have never met or heard of an atheist who rejects the god hypothesis because she/he wishes not to submit to that authority.  As lesz has said, there is no single uniform reason atheists have for adopting that position; but I don't believe a desire to enjoy moral licence free of divine scrutiny figures significantly, if ever, in their decision.
  On a separate note ....  I also want to address this "victim" idea (if you will) from earlier of "social repercussions" or "painfulness" (the terms Thelmoose used) that converts to atheism might go through, that only tells one side of the story. I think it should be pointed out that there are atheists here, for instance, who condescend to Christians nearly every single day over their beliefs, right here in these forums. It's happened right here in this thread. And on a much broader scale, it seems like people such as Hitchens take any chance they can to belittle believers in the media. Christians are called 'ignorant' and their beliefs are sometimes even portrayed as "mental illness" of some sort. So with all due respect, I don't think atheists are getting any shorter end of the stick here than anyone else. People tend to face some scrutiny at being different no matter what the issue. Sometimes others don't take differences very well, and that's just an unfortunate tendency in the human race, that's by no means limited to religious people or atheists either one. And I don't say this to downplay any 'pain' anyone has dealt with in changing their beliefs or getting rid of them.  For you to compare the interaction on this board, which you come to voluntarily, to the experience people have in their personal lives with friends and family is absurd.  It just goes to show how little experience you truly have with the issue, and does not reflect well on you at all.   Waxy
fine, but I think it's also important to note that was only one single thing the author said. You've zero-ed in on that one assertion, but he said a number of other things too such as how he got past the whole deal of there being evil and suffering in the world (another thing I hear atheists bring up a lot). What I read is that he simply found some of the more "classical" arguments over the existence of God to be compelling enough to go with belief in God. Frankly, I do too (as do MANY people in the world), so I don't see what the big problem here is. You don't find them compelling enough, and it's understandable that not everyone is going to come the same conclusions.  But the real point here is that there indeed are people who come to different conclusions than you have. There's a rather arrogant (IMO) mindset out there that if one hasn't come to the conclusion of atheism then they really haven't even considered the question, or that anyone who claims to have done so is really not the real deal (a "ringer planted by the Christians" emoticon_rolleyes ). And to associate other conclusions with "self-delusion" rather than accepting the reality that some people come to different conclusions is equally arrogant.   ------------------------------------  On a separate note ....  I also want to address this "victim" idea (if you will) from earlier of "social repercussions" or "painfulness" (the terms Thelmoose used) that converts to atheism might go through, that only tells one side of the story. I think it should be pointed out that there are atheists here, for instance, who condescend to Christians nearly every single day over their beliefs, right here in these forums. It's happened right here in this thread. And on a much broader scale, it seems like people such as Hitchens take any chance they can to belittle believers in the media. Christians are called 'ignorant' and their beliefs are sometimes even portrayed as "mental illness" of some sort. So with all due respect, I don't think atheists are getting any shorter end of the stick here than anyone else. People tend to face some scrutiny at being different no matter what the issue. Sometimes others don't take differences very well, and that's just an unfortunate tendency in the human race, that's by no means limited to religious people or atheists either one. And I don't say this to downplay any 'pain' anyone has dealt with in changing their beliefs or getting rid of them.   You do have a skill for missing the point.  Regarding the first section, one does not "accept atheism", you simply reject the idea in the belief in god when it does not make sense. There is no other "ism" that must rush in to fill the void. With respect to the moral aspect of belief, it makes no sense to reject a belief in god because you don't like the idea of this god dictating moral authority. You have the cart before the horse. If I believed in a supreme being, whether I liked the idea of his making the rules or not is immaterial. Them's the rules. And if there is a supreme being, he makes the rules and my opinion doesn't count. I simply reject the idea of this being FIRST. The issue of deciding upon one's moral footing then necessarily is a separate issue. Those ridiculous philosophical arguments for the existence of god and all come from the point of view of the religious apologist. No atheist need a philosophical argument like that to reject what clearly seems like superstition. My criticism of the story of the atheist-turned-believer is that it sounded fake. It smacked of all the unfounded criticisms of atheism that you routinely hear from believers. It simply didn't ring true.  Now the second section. You are again off base. You aren't in the stadium. No one is saying "atheists are getting any shorter end of the stick here [more] than anyone else". I was merely commenting on Unkerpaulie's posts about how hard disillusionment can be (though greatly preferable to "illusionment" in the long run). It was also a recognition that there is an impediment to rejecting belief in god that comes when one realizes a potential significant loss of social support structure.   Why must you make this tit for tat? No one is suggesting victimhood. This is merely a comment on how life is hard sometime for some people. You seem to feel the need to note that if an atheist feels bad that you must make us all aware the religious types feel bad too. If there is any emotional consquences of rejecting theism, I don't think anyone is blaming anyone for them.  You seem to feel the need to proclaim" ME TOO". It isn't all about you jyoshu. Talk about claims of victimhood. If one criticizes religion on a religion debate forum, that NO ONE is holding a gun to your head to join, you claim foul. Grow up.
I said, I'm not trying down-play anything here.   Then what was the point, to start a pity the Christians and especially poor jyoshu thread?   But sorry, mean-spiritedness is mean-spiritedness--there's no more justification for intentional arrogance, name-calling, and condescending words here than there is in the realm of disagreement in one's "personal" life. Being an atheist no more gives you license to do so toward believers than their stance gives them to be so toward atheists.  Again, what's the point of this? How does this relate to the original topic of the thread?   And you keep beating your same dead horse about me having no "experience" or "understanding" when it comes to atheism. Well, no, I'm not an atheist--I haven't claimed to be one. Nor do I claim to have your experience and knowledge about all this. All I know is that I most certainly have gone through questioning and considered probably every argument against the validity of Christian belief and overall belief in God one could think of. I probably don't have your degree of experience, but that doesn't mean my views are inferior to yours.  LOL. Dead horse eh? Is that what you call it when you have no reasonable response to a point?  If you have no direct experience or knowledge of a subject, how can reasonably claim that your views are not inferior? I wouldn't claim than my views on astrophysics are superior to an astrophyscists because I've taken a physics class, looked at the stars, and talked about it on the internet. I also wouldn't claim that my views and understanding of you particular branch of Christianity are as valid as yours either, that's unreasonable. How could they be?  The simple fact is, you've demonstrated both in this post and others, that you have a very poor grasp on atheism or what it means to be an atheist.  At any rate, you've manged to completely hijack a post with your insatiable need to say "me too". Your constant pointing the finger and saying "yeah, but you guys do bad stuff too" is just childish, and that dead horse, is beat up.  Two wrongs don't make a right.   Waxy
Just to chime in quickly here...  There are some people who do acknowledge a god but do chose not to worship it nor follow it's rules because they like to do their own thing.  Often they'll make proclamations that, once they grow tired of such a life style, they'll recant, repent and become devout worshipers of their chosen god/ faith.  Not exactly what jyoshu is stating but pretty close.  I wouldn't call them atheist or agnostics except in the truest technical definition of the word.  A laymans term could be back-slidders. Or unrepentant.  I've met a couple. There could be more when you consider the nature of belief and how it's often a taboo subject. More so when such 'believing' people could be hit hard by evangelizing people who'd want them to repent as believers...but would give up easily and walk away on those who don't believe.
fine, but I think it's also important to note that was only one single thing the author said. You've zero-ed in on that one assertion, but he said a number of other things too such as how he got past the whole deal of there being evil and suffering in the world (another thing I hear atheists bring up a lot). Can I remind you how this exchange started? Thelmoose said This sounds bogus anyway. The guy does not sound like an atheist. He sounds like the athiest that bible thumpers envision: He then quoted In retrospect I realize that my rejection of Christianity stemmed from what Josh McDowell considers the three most common excuses for rejecting Christ: pride, moral problems and ignorance. I did not want to yield to anything, preferring myself as the ultimate authority in my life. It was the emboldened part that I (and I believe thelmoose) challenged: neither of us, I believe, nor anyone we have known, holds this up as a motivation for adopting atheism. It is a bogus assertion. Yes, thelmoose and I may well have 'zero-ed in' on it, but if it's bogus, why should we not do so? If an arguer plants a blatant falsehood among a clutch of more contestable claims, are we supposed to hold back from pointing it out on the grounds that it's 'only one single thing the author said'? How many falsehoods should we allow him before we speak up?
That's fine, if you prefer to call it that. IMO, there's no substantive difference between those two concepts. Absence-of-belief is no different substantively than belief-of-absence, in this context. I realise you prefer to call it "lack of belief in God" rather than "belief there is no God". But if I ask you "do you believe there is no God", chances are you're going to say yes. So I just don't see that it matters much either way. The difference is a case of semantic quibbling, IMO. Dictionaries define it both ways, so it's just a matter-of-opinion thing. I don't see what the fuss is over that, whether yours is a 'belief' or lack thereof. Either way, it's not like you're subscribing to something supernatural, even if you DO say it as "belief there is no god."  Dictionary, schmictionary. Religious belief is a fairly complex set of arbitrary ideas based upon what someone else tells you. Rejecting those ideas is different from adopting a new set.   The lexical details are quite beside the point and the absence/belief saying you are so fond of is not what I am talking about. The ersatz ex-atheist made a statement that lacked verisimilitude.    Why not [make no sense]? Isn't the idea that belief in the supernatural may dictate morality one of the things you don't like about belief in the supernatural? There's no way to separate belief in God from the idea that God affects morality. If he didn't, he wouldn't be God, after all. It comes with the territory, by default.  Once again, the idea that some Being sets the rules, is NOT something I rejected, nor anyone I know. I am telling you my personal experience, why can't you take my word for it??   Well, you may think they are "ridiculous" but a lot of people find them compelling. They are general-sense type arguments. For example, the "cosmological argument" is just another way of saying the existence of matter and energy may require a cause. I certainly see nothing any more compelling than the idea of a first-cause creator to settle that. Frankly I find it fascinating that you'd think the idea of the existence of matter and energy in the universe--in fact the universe itself--needing a first-cause to be "ridiculous". You may hold to OTHER ideas, but I don't think you're being fair to say that's "ridiculous".  I thought they were lame arguments in Philosophy 101 when I first heard them and still do. For example, the first cause/prime mover stuff always seem to exclude god needing a cause or a mover. I do not want to debate these further. In my opinion they are the ideas of theists grasping at straws. The intention of finding an intellectual argument for "faith" not only makes no sense, it is blasphemous.       But portraying the changing of one's views toward atheism (or as you view it: abandoning belief) as coming from a bad thing into a good thing, and being a painful process because of the way others view you over it gives a rather one-sided impression, IMO.   Of course it's one sided, from the side of the ex-believer. That's who made the statement - a very personal one. I am sorry we didn't include poor little jyoshu's painful (and completely irrelevant) side of the story.
I'll just chime in as another agnostic/atheist to agree that the reasons professed by this "convert" are in no way related to my, or any other agnostic/atheist I know, reasons for not believing in God. Or, in religio-speak: "Well, that guy wasn't a true atheist..."
Or, in religio-speak: "Well, that guy wasn't a true atheist..."  Funny. And point taken.
Or, in religio-speak: "Well, that guy wasn't a true atheist..."  Touche.  Waxy
If you knew God then you would .... the truth is that you dont know god. what makes you an authority on the subject? asserting that you know god doesnt make it a fact. you saying that you know god is another one of those things that you expect us to take you on your word on, and, based on your track record, there is no reason for me or anybody to believe you. unless you can come up with some good reason why you can say you know god, for all intents and purposes, you dont
Many on the religious right claim a belief in the existence of Satan and blame him for many of the evils in this world. I am curious why people believe that Satan is responsible for those evils, not men and their weaknesses. If you believe that Satan exists, can you give a specific example of some human event where you think he had to have played a role?
Gotta ask. If god is all knowing and all powerful, why does Satan exist? He knew Satan would be evil, yet he still "created" him? Then, he can't get rid of Satan. Makes no sense whatsoever.
Gotta ask. If god is all knowing and all powerful, why does Satan exist? He knew Satan would be evil, yet he still "created" him? Then, he can't get rid of Satan. Makes no sense whatsoever.  Well, Satan was invented to explain why there is evil in the world.. the dualism. He was adopted by the Hebrews under the influence of Persia. However, in the Jewish religion, Satan is not this incredilbly evil being out to corrupt souls, but rather just an angel (who had no free will), whose job it was to provide for bad choices so that people may choose GOOD ,and thus live more sanctified lives by their own actions.
Well, Satan was invented to explain why there is evil in the world.. the dualism. He was adopted by the Hebrews under the influence of Persia. However, in the Jewish religion, Satan is not this incredilbly evil being out to corrupt souls, but rather just an angel (who had no free will), whose job it was to provide for bad choices so that people may choose GOOD ,and thus live more sanctified lives by their own actions.  A Jungian might suggest such a stance. In other words, one (good) cannot exist without the other (evil).   I wonder what some of our more interesting christian friends (AA, GC) might have to say about such?
People likely believe in Satan, if for nothing else, than because they'll have somebody to blame for their own actions so they won't have to take responsibility.  So basically Satan is the personification of a liberalistic ideal, nobody is responsible for their own actions, somebody else is to blame.  Couldn't agree with you more. The only reason people believe in Satan is to shift the blame.
I must also add that satans greatest trick in defeating people is to get them to believe he doesn't even exist in reality. It's impossible to stand against, or defeat an enemy one doesn't even believe exists.   Of course, if you wanted to invent a boogey man to scare people with that's exactly what you'd way about him. And you did dodge the question. You think Satan is real because, you say, he exists. But why do you think he exists? It seems that the sole reason you think so is that the Bible says so; why didn't you just say that to begin with? Surely you're not ashamed to say that you believe something just because the Bible says so and for no other reason, right?
Of course, if you wanted to invent a boogey man to scare people with that's exactly what you'd way about him. And you did dodge the question. You think Satan is real because, you say, he exists. But why do you think he exists? It seems that the sole reason you think so is that the Bible says so; why didn't you just say that to begin with? Surely you're not ashamed to say that you believe something just because the Bible says so and for no other reason, right?  Exactly. You haven't said why. You just said he does and that because some of us don't we're blind to it. LOL I don't think we're the blind ones.
So you're assuming that the bible invented him, and that's ok kronus. In point of fact, I didn't say one word about my beliefs. I only commented on what you said, and on what you failed to say. It is quite interesting that you don't seem comfortable saying "I believe something because it's in the Bible".
So you're assuming that the bible invented him, and that's ok kronus. You are free to believe whatever you want to. The question was asked and I answered it and supported my answer with scriptural evidence that supports what I believe and why I believe it. I definitely didn't expect to convince you unbelievers about anything so hopefully you'll just read the link I posted and make of it what you will regarding satan, angels and demons. So good luck with it. Any further input from me would just be a waste of time as I have nothing at all to defend. My question wasn't simply whether you believe in him but why you think it is not men and their weaknesses that are responsible for the evil in the world, and whether you can give examples of evil acts that we know of in our history in which Satan had to have played a role.  Do you think that all evil acts are influenced by Satan? What role do you think is played by men's weaknesses? Do you think that weak people lack the imagination to think up cruel acts and that it is only Satan that can inspire them to those deeds?
Since the beginning, in the Garden of Eden, Lucifer was determined to destroy humanity because we were made in the likeness of God with free will which no Angels were created with, including satan. Ever since then we have been in a spiritual battle against this creature. Although he has many powers we don't have, he is limited by God of what he is able to do to us. The link I posted explains all of your questions regarding what satan can and can't do in tempting mankind.  Eph 6:10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of His might. Eph 6:11 Put on the full armor of God, so that you will be able to stand firm against the schemes of the devil. Eph 6:12 For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the powers, against the world forces of this darkness, against the spiritual {forces} of wickedness in the heavenly {places.} And this just brings us back to the old question as to how Lucifer (an angel with no free will) could be determined to destroy humanity. Surely that would take free will.  Unless, of course, God (who made Lucifer) is determined to destroy mankind. Yep, that makes more sense.  Smley
If you understood the nature of free will, you wouldn't ask such a question.  Please educate me.  How can a 'being' with no free will rebel against its creator?  Smiley
Since the beginning, in the Garden of Eden, Lucifer was determined to destroy humanity because we were made in the likeness of God with free will which no Angels were created with, including satan. Ever since then we have been in a spiritual battle against this creature. Although he has many powers we don't have, he is limited by God of what he is able to do to us. The link I posted explains all of your questions regarding what satan can and can't do in tempting mankind.  Eph 6:10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of His might. Eph 6:11 Put on the full armor of God, so that you will be able to stand firm against the schemes of the devil. Eph 6:12 For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the powers, against the world forces of this darkness, against the spiritual {forces} of wickedness in the heavenly {places.} I do understand that your belief comes from scripture. However, do you never look at our experienced world and do any direct analysis? That was what I was getting at with my questions, which I will repeat below:  1) Can you give examples of evil acts that we know of in our history in which Satan had to have played a role. (Examples might include the Holocaust, specific wars, etc.)  2) Do you think that all evil acts are influenced by Satan?   3) What role do you think is played by men's weaknesses?   4) Do you think that weak people lack the imagination to think up cruel acts and that it is only Satan that can inspire them to those deeds?  Even given your belief, you should be able to answer these questions in a way that is consistent with your beliefs. I am mainly curious how your belief interprets our observed reality. After all, if the words of scripture are true, then they should have a direct applicability to the world we all experience today - not just to the ancient stories of the Bible.
Simply put, free will isn't about satans ability to sin against God, but is about his inability to be forgiven for sinning against God. Because Angels had no free will, they had no avenue for being forgiven as humanity did. That is what being made in Gods image means for us and is what separates us from the Angelic Hosts. So you are saying that free will has nothing to do with choice, but with the consequences of that choice.  Me thinks it is you who does not understand the meaning of free will.  What you have just described is 'grace', not free will.  Smiley
As is often the case, the apologetic response is to redefine the very meaning of the word in the first place to make it mean something that most people don't associate with the word.  free will n. The ability or discretion to choose; free choice: chose to remain behind of my own  http://www.answers.com/topic/free-will  free will n.  1. The ability or discretion to choose; free choice: chose to remain behind of my own free will. 2. The power of making free choices that are unconstrained by external circumstances or by an agency such as fate or divine will. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/free+will  free will 1 : voluntary choice or decision <I do this of my own free will<  2 : freedom of humans to make choices that are not determined by prior causes or by divine intervention  http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary  free will The question of free will is whether, and in what sense, rational agents exercise control over their actions and decisions. Addressing this question requires understanding the relationship between freedom and cause, and determining whether the laws of nature are causally deterministic. The various philosophical positions taken differ on whether all events are determined or not-determinism versus indeterminism-and also on whether freedom can coexist with determinism or not-compatibilism versus incompatibilism. So, for instance, hard determinists argue that the universe is deterministic, and that this makes free will impossible.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_will   I have NEVER seen anybody define "free will" as Archie is attempting to do...  Archie's definition is like saying "I can't make Jane sleep with me, therefore I have no free will". Just because Satan can't force God to forgive doesn't mean there is no "free will". Furthermore, your reply is PURE obfuscation of the actual question being raised.  You say ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about how a being without free will can "rebel" against its creator. The simple and logical approach to the issue is that if the entity lacks free will, then obviously its actions against the omniscient and omnipotent creator are purely a result of the CREATOR'S DESIGN for what he meant the entity to do in the first place.  (All of this is going over Archie's head...) I have theory as to why Archie cannot answer this question.  He, being an angel (of fairly low rank, as it happens), has no free will (the correct definition, not his redefinition). If his god does not allow him to answer the question, then he has no choice but to avoid it at all costs, even if the cost is his credibility (not that he has any left).  Smiley
I can't be anymore clear than I have been foundit. If you consider what I've said double speak then we have nothing more to discuss. So by all means believe what you will as it's my responsibility to tell you the truth as i know it to be, but not to argue with you until I convince of of my way of thinking. Because we both know that's not going to happen.  To Zardoz,  your way of explaining it is reasonable from a scriptural perspective in that Angels DID fellowship directly with God so they can't sin in ignorance as Man does in our human ignorance. That could very well be one aspect of Gods thinking in not allowing forgiveness for them. Remember that they were created to serve God and not to fellowship as we were though, so that is the main difference between our station and Angels. But that doesn't completely explain why man can be forgiven, which I maintain is because we were made in Gods image and Angels weren't. Let's face it Archie.  We all know what free will is; it is the ability to make our own choices. God does not have a different definition for free will. You are just making that up to try and worm your way out of answering a perfectly valid question.  If, as you say, angels do not have free will, then they cannot sin, as they cannot make any choice of their own. They also cannot rebel against their creator. Still no answer on that one then.  The description you are giving for free will, being the ability to be forgiven, is the definition of grace (as I have said, and you have ignored, before).  Furthermore, are you saying that your god has a limit, being that he is not able to forgive some of his creations? Isn't that blasphemous?  Keep digging Archie. Any addition to the depth of the hole you're in would not matter in the least.  Smiley
So Archie, tell me how can a being with no free will rebel against its creator (or anything, for that matter)?  Hmm?  Smiley
Go waste someone else's time smiley. I've told you what I believe and it is obviously beyond you to comprehend it so let's just agree to disagree, ok? Your baiting is tiresome, and so is your trolling. Given that you don't even understand the concept of free will, I just thought I could educate you for a change.  Do you not agree that the ability to be forgiven is in fact grace rather than free will?  Smiley
If any human attempts to answer in God's stead, that person would likely not be qualified to answer. One can speculate however.  God already had angels within his kingdom when he made man. Some angels felt that God loved his humans more than themselves. In their jealous vanity, they rebelled against God. Bad idea, considering his power and all. God hates vanity. Thus he condemned Satan to rule over hell.  When man disobeyed God's rule concerning partaking of the fruit of knowledge, God made a pact with man that gave him the burden of choice. He must choose right from wrong. Suffer the consequences of bad choices, reap the benefits of righteousness. Satan just happens to be there to take care of those who choose the wrong path.  One mistake humans seem to make often is considering themselves capable of understanding the logic of God. Of course if one does not believe in God, no need to worry about it.   Ah, the extra biblical myths make life so interesting. It's full of ####, but it's interesting never the less. What people won't do so they can justify their beliefs.
Look, another baseless, unsupportable example of circular reasoning.  "There's no evidence that Satan exists." "That's because Satan hid all of the evidence!"  I can make the same argument about hobgoblins: Most people don't believe that hobgoblins exist because the hobgoblins are so good at making people not believe that hobgoblins exist.  Only the very dim accept this line of reasoning. Indeed, you could also make this argument for god/s (how ever many there are of them).
1. Jesus was: E: a man who probably existed, perhaps even with good ideas about living. Stories about Jesus were embellished with ideas stolen or adapted from other religious and cultural stories.  2. The resurrection story of Jesus is: E: Complete bunk with no reliable supporting evidence.  Essay: I cite: a) Rejected Gospels. People got to say whatever the hell they wanted about this "Jesus" fellow, if he existed. The events used to explain the circumstances of his birth are not merely nonsensical but contradictory to both the geography and the law/customs of the region. Jesus disappears for 30 years with nary a wonder of where the alleged son of God went. b) The Bible. Despite offers of large cash rewards for anybody who can write a coherent timeline of the events surrounding the Resurrection without contradiction and without omission of information, nobody has been able to do this. The rising of the saints who were "seen throughout the town" surely should have been story fodder for years upon years, decades upon decades, centuries upon centuries, yet it seems from the rest of the evidence that the people saw the zombie saints and thought nothing of it.  Bonus Question: We don't know. We credit Homer for the silly reason that a blind guy telling epic stories makes for good imagery. The stories were likely oral traditions passed along and embellished repeatedly.   Pop Quiz for ServantOfChrist: Respond substantively to my dismantling of divine command theory in the slanderous thread you started months ago. No word limit.
And what logical reasons do non-atheists have for believing that Man was made in the image of a non-provable, supernatural creature that could not have had legs (to walk on what?), lungs (to breathe what--air?), sex organs (to have sex with whom?), an anus (to excrete what?), muscles (to lift? Come on , the guy's all-powerlful!), teeth (to chew what?) and dozens of other human physical attributes, let alonge being omnpotent, nothing of which has ever been seen, to begin with?  You have a good reason-- and I stress the word REASON, as in LOGICAL, COMMON-SENSICAL, RATIONAL--for all this, do you?  And not only that, this creature, who obviously must have also created the zillions of other worlds in the zillions of other galaxies in our spectacularly large universe, is totally fixated on OUR piddling little grain of sand and what we do in bed with each other?? Go ahead, genius, justify that. Would LOVE to hear your thesis.  You might also want to explain who made this "Maker" we're suppsed to disprove. If everything must have been made, then who made HIM? Go ahead, we're waiting.  Oh, yeah... and in fifty words or less, please.
1) If he existed, he was a great morality teacher.  2) The flavor of the options all have similar tastes. The resurrection story includes some absolutely fantastic claims which are unsubstantiated by other historians of the time. If the dead REALLY got up and started walking around, don't you think some Roman historian would have mentioned it?   Essay: Site at least two sources that were written within 200 years after the supposed resurrection date of A.D. 33 which support your responses to questions 1 & 2. (limit your response to 100 words) If you cannot provide any source material from this time period, please provide the two earliest sources. (Note, if you can only provide source material from the previous century, you may want to re-visit your answers for Questions 1 & 2) You have got to be kidding me...  Just out of curiousity, can we count on you to follow the same standards for any questions asked of you? Can we count on Christians to supply the same level of proof for the Bible's claims?  I'll take the answer to the rhetorical questions as "no", and just move on.  I will happily expound on my answers if necessary, but it's pointless to demand a reference page from one side when the other side obviously cannot do the same...
...  Oh, yeah... and in fifty words or less, please. Teehee. Nice. emoticon_xgood emoticon_xhoho
Your quiz consists of two multiple choice and an essay question. Let's begin:  1. Jesus was: A. a myth; invented by heretical Jews, he never existed. B. an ordinary man who attracted a following by performing "tricks" and making interesting statements; disengenuos and decieving his followers C. an amazing moral teacher, nothing more D. a complete madman. E. Other (limit your response to 50 words)  Jesus was then what he is now: the Logos of God (Philo, quis rerum divinarum heres 42.405), the heavenly High Priest (Hebrews), the culmination of God's eternal plan (Ro. 16:25), the secret mystery only now, after his sacrifice, revealed through revelation and scripture (1 Cor 2:6-13).   2. The resurrection story of Jesus is: A. a myth - see answer 'A' above. B. a legend that grew over time, well after anyone could have proven the legend false. C. a lie fabricated by his followers immediately after his death D. an honest misunderstanding; the Jews lost the body and were embarressed to admit their mistake while his followers were hallucinating E. Other (limit your response to 50 words)  A.   Essay: Site at least two sources that were written within 200 years after the supposed resurrection date of A.D. 33 which support your responses to questions 1 & 2. (limit your response to 100 words) If you cannot provide any source material from this time period, please provide the two earliest sources. (Note, if you can only provide source material from the previous century, you may want to re-visit your answers for Questions 1 & 2)  #1 is above. The Jesus myth came out of Hellenistic Judaism already heavily imbued with the ideas of the suffering servant (Isaiah 53) and the son of God subject to a shameful death (Wisdom of Solomon "Let us condemn him with a shameful death"). Paul refers to the "archons", the evil heavenly rulers of the age, as those who crucified Jesus (1 Cor 2:8) and extols the justice of the Romans (Ro. 13:1-3). The earliest layers of Q material do not refer to a death or resurrection (Kloppenborg). No earthly Jesus, no crucifixion, no death. It is all myth, man.   Bonus Question: Who was the author of "The Iliad" and "The Odyssey" and how do we know? (limit your response to 50 words)   Thanks to all who respond.  We don't know for sure. Traditionally thought to be Homer but is probably from oral tradition. Single authorship itself is disputed. Beyond that, I don't know much about it.  What is your point in asking this question?
What is your point in asking this question? I have to ask: do you seriously not know, or do you just want him to up and say it?
I have to ask: do you seriously not know, or do you just want him to up and say it?  Oh, I know what he is trying to establish there.  I do want him to own up and admit what he is trying to establish. Don't expect him to, but hey, "miracles" happen (according to him). :p  In fact, as a return question, I'd like to ask him: does someone rely on the Odyssey to establish the existence of Pallas Athene, Circe or Calypso ?
In fact, as a return question, I'd like to ask him: does someone rely on the Odyssey to establish the existence of Pallas Athene, Circe or Calypso ? I've always gone the Scylla and Charybdis route before instead.
I believe it more likely that a teacher named Jesus lived than a chronicler named Homer lived. The Greek stories are fabrications that probably refer occasionally to some actual historical persons and events. Just as the Gospels.
I believe it more likely that a teacher named Jesus lived than a chronicler named Homer lived. The Greek stories are fabrications that probably refer occasionally to some actual historical persons and events. Just as the Gospels.  Jesus was a very very common name in that time period. There had to be some preacher named Jesus.   On the other hand, I doubt that any of the people named Jesus walked on water, raised the dead, or could forgive me for my sins.
To expound on my last post: And yet this is taken to be fact unanimously in our history books. Funny how easy this book gets a pass. If we think it's Homer then for this book, that's good enough. But not so with the Bible. There can be absolutely no kernel of uncertainty, which in ancient texts, ambiguity is unavoidable.  In regards to who wrote these books, the best evidence we have leads to Homer. Therefore, we decide it is almost certainly Homer who is the author. This is undisputed.  However, in regards to the Bible, skeptics overturn the use of Occam's Razor and require more than adequate proof of the Bible's claims. Even though the Bible is the most heavily documented writing of its day, still skeptics require more in order to believe the Gospels are actually true.  Double standard much?  Ah, but then, it might not have been Homer.  But then again, whether it was Homer or someone else, isn't earth shattering.  Much like whether it was Julius Caesar who crossed the Rubicon, or a decoy of his.  Now, if we found an account from Roman times of how Julius Caesar split the waters of the Rubicon by urinating in it so his troops could pass...Occam's Razor would not point towards accepting it as true.  In reading about John the Baptist...should one listen to the Bible, or Josephus?
How can the Bible be used as a source while you deny the truth of its claims? What parts of the Bible are true, and how do you disguingish between the information that is true and not true?  I wonder how a modern court would view the testimony of 500 credible witnesses to a supernatural event?  The documents contained in the bible are historical artifacts. They reflect the beliefs and values of the people who wrote them. When we read Paul we might not believe everything he says but overall we can believe that he preached a gospel that Jesus was born, crucified, died, and risen. We can discern his message from the 7 or so letters we know of his.   We can generally believe that he met people named Peter, James, and John who were "reputed to be pillars" and "seemed to be important." We know that he claimed his knowledge of Jesus came through revelation and scripture and claimed that other apostles had similar sources of knowledge. I think we can trust Paul's claims on these things. Do we need to believe he really had revelations? I don't know. Maybe in his own way he did. I think we need to lean toward Paul believing in the truth of his claims.  I would think the court would think very dimly of the hearsay claim that 500 anonymous people had a revelation of the Risen Christ.
The books of the NT (GOSPELS) were agreed on due to their content being inspired by God. Anything "rejected" did not contain that inspiration. Poppycock. How the hell could these people have been able to tell the difference? Answer: they couldn't (not that there was a difference, because each one was man-made with no divine help). Instead, they chose the four that painted their Savior in the best light.  How can the Bible be used as a source while you deny the truth of its claims? Because you don't deny the truth of its claims. If you present the Bible as a credible source, then I can use it to eviscerate your position. Suppose I tell a multi-part story where King ABC is said to never lie, yet in one part, King ABC lies his little crown off. Either King ABC lied in that story and therefore doesn't never lie, or King ABC really doesn't ever lie and in fact didn't lie in that part. You can't have it both ways, but the Bible tries to have it multiple ways all the time. Even if you and I both think that the King ABC story is fiction, we can recognize this inconsistency and have absolutely no reason to believe that the story is nonfiction. Later you accuse me of having double standards. This is ripe considering the above.  What parts of the Bible are true, and how do you disguingish between the information that is true and not true? This is not my problem. As I explained above, I just have to show inconsistency in order to reject the validity of all the claims in the Bible as being undeniable truth. And with the Bible, that's damn easy to do.  I wonder how a modern court would view the testimony of 500 credible witnesses to a supernatural event? A modern court requires signed affidavits or sworn testimony. These five hundred people remain unnamed and carry on with their lives as if it never happened. How would a modern court view the hearsay of 500 witnesses and no resultant effect of the allegation?  Why then is this not taught in history classes? Why are we taught AS FACT that Homer wrote them? We aren't. Not even in literature classes are we taught this.  Give a link to your objection and I'll take a look and get to responding when I have more time. I'll have to apologize here, SoC. I confused you with another poster who also used Christ in his handle. You didn't run from the topic because you weren't the OP of that thread. Sorry about that. If you'd still like to approach that thread, I'll respond and provide the link, but all readers should be clear that my accusation that SoC scampered away was mistaken, and any willingness to address the arguments would be solely to SoC's credit.  To expound on my last post: And yet this is taken to be fact unanimously in our history books. Funny how easy this book gets a pass. Funny how you haven't had a literature or history class recently. Would you like me to contact the several history and literature/English teachers in my school and ask them if they credit Homer as the actual author of those epics?  If we think it's Homer then for this book, that's good enough. But not so with the Bible. There can be absolutely no kernel of uncertainty, which in ancient texts, ambiguity is unavoidable. It's not just a kernel of uncertainty. Jews and Christians alike say that Moses wrote the Pentateuch, but a reading of the Pentateuch makes it obvious that this cannot be true. Luke did not write the book of Luke, the apostle Matthew did not write the book of Matthew, and we don't even claim to know the authors of many books of the Bible. Look up the Documentary hypothesis; early scholars shuffled "holy writings" together like a deck of cards to get the Old Testament that everybody today knows and loves.  In regards to who wrote these books, the best evidence we have leads to Homer. Therefore, we decide it is almost certainly Homer who is the author. This is undisputed. Nonsense. The most widely accepted idea is that these epics were oral traditions that were finally recorded in writing, possibly by a guy named Homer. Read and read.Independently of the question of single authorship, there is near-universal agreement, after the work of Milman Parry that the Homeric poems are dependent on an oral tradition, a generations-old technique that was the collective inheritance of many singer-poets (aoidoi). [bold added for emphasis] However, in regards to the Bible, skeptics overturn the use of Occam's Razor and require more than adequate proof of the Bible's claims. Look, bub, if you're trying to paint nonbelievers and unfair because we accept Homer as the author of epics while rejecting Moses as the author of the Pentateuch or Matthew as the author of the book of Matthew, then you're lying: we put equal scrutiny into these questions, and -- as you can see, despite your claims to the contrary -- we don't swallow the claim that Homer wrote these epics the way we know people write books and poems today. More importantly, there aren't (as far as I know) absurdities that make it obvious that Homer didn't write the Iliad or The Odyssey. This isn't true of the Bible: How could Moses have written that no man as humble as Moses came before or after Moses? (And wouldn't that be pretty damn un-humble for the humblest man ever to say?)  Even though the Bible is the most heavily documented writing of its day, still skeptics require more in order to believe the Gospels are actually true. And we're back to internal contradiction coupled with anonymous authorship. Do you consider The Odyssey a representation of truth? I sure as hell don't, but that's because I hold the Bible and these stories to an equal standard, and none pass. You apparently have no problem with nonsense and absurdities in the Bible, but you have no problem believing in Scylla and Charybdis and the Sirens and Circe turning men into pigs?  Double standard much? It's one thing for the pot to call the kettle black, but here the cast iron cauldron is calling the porcelain basin black.
It doesn't matter if it's 'earth shattering' or not. By admitting that we hold different standards for the Bible proves my entire point: hypocrisy on the part of skeptics.   More proof to prove my point, thanks!    It does not matter what the document contains! The same procedure should be done for every document. What the writing says is irrelevant to its authenticity! You wrongly use Occam's Razor as well. If the document is well preserved, has many copies, has copies relatively close to the original, etc, then the most likely assumption we can make is that the document itself is a valid source. Then and only then, should we examine the contents within and determine if they happened. We can do this through archaeological evidences and from other writings as well that agree with that one. Much of which we in fact do not have for many of Caesar's expeditions, but yet again, we accept them as fact in our history books.  But, it is funny that you should mention Caesar splitting a river. While he didn't do that, he did claim to have created a massive bridge in a very short time period and then destroyed it a few days later. Sounds like a pretty audacious claim from guys without any modern equipment. Should we discount this too because it 'doesn't seem practical' as we do with the bible despite the overwhelming documentation for it?  But here you are admitting that you set different standards 'depending on what the writing claims'. Thanks again for proving my point I guess. Ah, if you'd just waited fifteen minutes, you wouldn't have posted this scathing accusation of unfairness before I explained precisely why your accusation is nothing but fabrication. Oh well, maybe you'll eat your humble pie without making a fuss... but I won't hold my breath.
It doesn't matter if it's 'earth shattering' or not. By admitting that we hold different standards for the Bible proves my entire point: hypocrisy on the part of skeptics.   More proof to prove my point, thanks!    It does not matter what the document contains! The same procedure should be done for every document. What the writing says is irrelevant to its authenticity!   What?! Then how do we discount the Gospel of Thomas or any of the gnostic gospels? How are they wrong and the canonical gospels true? If historians held the "it does not matter what the document contains" standard, there'd be no knowing anything.   You wrongly use Occam's Razor as well. If the document is well preserved, has many copies, has copies relatively close to the original, etc, then the most likely assumption we can make is that the document itself is a valid source. Then and only then, should we examine the contents within and determine if they happened. We can do this through archaeological evidences and from other writings as well that agree with that one. Much of which we in fact do not have for many of Caesar's expeditions, but yet again, we accept them as fact in our history books.  But, it is funny that you should mention Caesar splitting a river. While he didn't do that, he did claim to have created a massive bridge in a very short time period and then destroyed it a few days later. Sounds like a pretty audacious claim from guys without any modern equipment. Should we discount this too because it 'doesn't seem practical' as we do with the bible despite the overwhelming documentation for it?  But here you are admitting that you set different standards 'depending on what the writing claims'. Thanks again for proving my point I guess.  I think extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. There is not "overwhelming documentation" for the gospel story. There is next to none.
Your quiz consists of two multiple choice and an essay question. Let's begin:  1. Jesus was: A. a myth; invented by heretical Jews, he never existed. B. an ordinary man who attracted a following by performing "tricks" and making interesting statements; disengenuos and decieving his followers C. an amazing moral teacher, nothing more D. a complete madman. E. Other (limit your response to 50 words)   1, A. Myth;  Whilst there may have been a person leading a Jewish cult that may even have been excuted, none of the miracles have any basis in fact.   2. The resurrection story of Jesus is: A. a myth - see answer 'A' above. B. a legend that grew over time, well after anyone could have proven the legend false. C. a lie fabricated by his followers immediately after his death D. an honest misunderstanding; the Jews lost the body and were embarressed to admit their mistake while his followers were hallucinating E. Other (limit your response to 50 words)   2, A. Myth; Complete fabrication.   Essay: Site at least two sources that were written within 200 years after the supposed resurrection date of A.D. 33 which support your responses to questions 1 & 2. (limit your response to 100 words) If you cannot provide any source material from this time period, please provide the two earliest sources. (Note, if you can only provide source material from the previous century, you may want to re-visit your answers for Questions 1 & 2)  Thanks to all who respond.  The NT was compiled in the late 4th Century AD, being criticised at the time for the overtly political choice of which texts were included as Canon and which were rejected to become the Apocrypha. Further it is now generally accepted that the text was altered at a later date to comply with OT prophesy.  Like The Saxon Chronicles, King Arthur or Robin Hood there is too much romanticisation and mythologising to be certain of virtually anything in the text.
Actually the Apocrypha is made up of pre-Christian texts, and late 4th century is a bit of a stretch for the new testament, certainly all its component texts were widely accepted by the 2nd century. I don't whether it is "generally accepted" that the text was altered, it seems to me that you are projecting your own views based on the hypotheses of some scholars on to Biblical scholarship in general.  While the current cannon was 'accepted' by the late second century, there were numerous other 'gospels' that existed by then, and were eliminated at the 4th century time frame. Most of those copies were destroyed, but some have been unearthed.
Actually the Apocrypha is made up of pre-Christian texts, and late 4th century is a bit of a stretch for the new testament, certainly all its component texts were widely accepted by the 2nd century. I don't whether it is "generally accepted" that the text was altered, it seems to me that you are projecting your own views based on the hypotheses of some scholars on to Biblical scholarship in general.  382 - 405 are the dates I have, under Pope Damasus I.
The very idea of a canon was political. It establishes central control over what was allegedly a number of disparate groups. Given the length of time, number of debates, number of competing lists etc. imediately tells us that the matter was not cut and dried. The compilations were drawn up by humans and humans have biases. Beatification of the compiler does not negate that fact. The fact is that it was criticised for being political in the 4th Century.
Has anyone else noticed that SoC hasn't been back to produce any substantive response to our responses to his "quiz"?
But you've missed the point that the disputes were over a tiny segment of the canon, not the vast majority and certainly not the Gospels.  Except that first attempt at producing a canon is noted as heavily editing the gospels, the implication being that this was to support the (gnostic) bias of the compiler. But that is irrelavent because the point is not what is in the canon, but what was edited out. If you want to know what the powers that be are concerned with you won't find it in their propaganda sheet. There's at least one, and possibly two gospels that aren't included in the canon, the question is why don't they want you to know about them?  As for SoC; Meh, Bot.
Well, one of the requirements for inclusion in the canon was certainty of provenance, and the Gospels and Peter and Thomas, which I presume you are referring to, are not thought to be attributable to the named apostles, and hence were not considered authoritative.   The ironic thing is NONE of the Gospel can attributed to any of the named apostles
After a bit of googling it would appear that there are 4 "extra-canonical gospels".  Of particular intrest is the Gospel of Peter as this refers to the resurection as Spiritual and not Bodily. This would suggest a major shift for the church and thus give a definate political motive for rejecting it by the Papacy. Which would also directly answer SoC's question 2. At the time of compilation the majority of the congregation would be illiterate and even fewer would be able to afford a copy of the bible which tells us that the target audience is the priesthood itself, ergo; the Papacy is censoring the text to it's own people. Given that the Papacy was in the process of assuming temporal power There are strong motivations for those involved to support a compilation that suggests this end and thus commonground between the the various suggested compilations doesn't lend any weight the choice not being political in nature.
Except that the Gospel of Peter dates from the late second century, long after Peter died and long after the canonical gospels and Paul's letters were written and circulating. Some of the letters of Paul date from as early as the late 50s AD, for example.  From what I am aware of, there are really two camps on the issue of Gospel of Thomas: one is the early camp that dates it to between 50 and 100 AD, and the other is the late camp that dates it in the 2nd Century.
Except that the Gospel of Peter dates from the late second century, long after Peter died and long after the canonical gospels and Paul's letters were written and circulating. Some of the letters of Paul date from as early as the late 50s AD, for example.  According to some interpretations...  But as you can't trace any of the texts to the alleged point of origin that line of argument is doomed to fail. As expected AA answers some question that wasn't refered to... This is primarily about the compilation of the bible, ie, what made it into "Now that's what I call officially approved scripture" and what didn't. Not when the individual texts can be traced to, which at this point is meaningless as by your own admission they don't get back far enough. :xbanghead  (How many times do we need to state this? emoticon_xdonno ) I refer you back to post #32, second sentence, heck I'll I'll Cut'n'paste it for you;  But that is irrelavent because the point is not what is in the canon, but what was edited out.
How does one simply recognize that which God had inspired at the exact moment the books were written. ??  How can you tell by reading something decades, centuries later whether it was inspired at the moment it was inked?  The alternative explanation, that it fit into a preferred set of ideas, seems much more plausible to me, considering human behavior. I have to assume that humans were the same in 100-300 as they are now. How would we now, today, determine if something was inspired by God and not merely human-inspired? Or doesn't that happen anymore?  Could someone please list a couple of ways of determining that distinction? If all you can say is, "I can't define it, but I know it when I see it", that is not good enough.
Just so there isn't any more confusion on the matter the texts I am refering to are listed here; http://www.comparative-religion.com/christianity/apocrypha/new-testament-apocrypha/ The initial date I gave refers to the Vulgate and the work of St. Jerome under the direction of Pope Damasus I, it would appear that the start point of establishing a canon for the NT goes back to around 150AD and is attributed to Marcion of Sinope.
I am not disputing that Christians forged texts that much is apparent from the historical sources, (Archie's obsession with theological sources is misguided here hence the comedy value of his posts, Does he really want me to slap him with the Mahabharata again? The compilation is a historical event with specific characters, thus his vague theological link misses entirely.) however that does not hold true for *all* the texts which have been omitted and the decisions were taken by individuals. Frankly I couldn't give a rats arse about it, it's an ancient historical footnote. However the amount of flak coming up from both ends of the religious spectrum does suggest I'm onto something and their continued attempts to redirect to the canon would suggest that there's something in the omitted texts they're uncomfortable with. Methinks the lady doth protest too much. Moving onto the point about the 6th Century; Between the 405 publication and the Guttenberg there was a tendency for marginal notations to become copied into the main body. In 550 there was the first major attempt to edit out these additions and this process has continued to the present with the last major edition of the Vulgate being in 1979.  Historical records indicate that the 550 edition altered the text so as to appear to fulfil OT prophesy.
What is "the big deal"? Good question, personally it doesn't matter one way or the other. Had Jo left it I'd probably have wandered off, you kind of expect it from the evangelical wingnuts, but having a moderate doing the whole "There's nothing to see here" routine just raises more questions. It's the reaction rather than the text that's intrigueing. What has been said appears as an attempt to dismiss the original question without actually answering the specific points. That's frustrating and serves to push things forward as it feels like censorship, - "Don't ask awkward questions."   AA's answer just comes across as insanity, given the title of the thread one can assume an athiest perspective so the talk of God playing a role in which books were included and which discarded effectively comes across as, - "The voices in my head say that this is true, so it must be."  Getting back to the historical arguments Jerome wrote a large amount of letters responding to those who had accused him of political bias, that would conflict with Jo's denial that there were such arguments at that time. Again that begs the question why? The answer could be ignorance, but then why not say that they don't know.
On the contrary, a book which is claimed to contain the inspired word of a creator God must of necessity meet the highest standards of evidence. It might turn out to be only a highly edited collection of the creation myths of a group of bronze-age sheep-herders!
I've just done a bit of hunting around, and I can't find anything to say Jerome had anything to do with the compilation of the Bible, only the translation of the Latin vulgate, which I'll gladly admit is not an accurate translation.  As for why I have argued the point, I think the truth is important, and I think it's two easy to take a blanket "oh, it was all political so we can't trust any of it" approach to the Bible, and this is done largely in a manner that resembles special pleading. No other historical source or collection of sources is questionned with anything like this level of intensity or scepticism. It smacks of an attempt to justify ones own disbelief by discrediting the evidence. It doesn't seem to be about a search for the truth, only to justify a preconcieved position.  The sources state that Jerome declared three books to be apocryphal, and his correspondence includes replies to claims that his rejection of those books was political. If he wasn't involved in the selection why would he write that? If I wanted a justification for disbelief I'd quote Galileo, it's much easier. This is mainly about leveling the playing field with SoC, had he bothered to reply.
Except we're talking about the New Testament at the moment, not the Old.  But the credibility of the former is somewhat predicated on the fulfilment of predictions made by the latter, and it has been edited in order to comply with those "prophecies".
Disbelief over what? Religion in general? Galileo was a religious believer.  Scripture: (What has the topic been over the past few pages?)  I think that in the discussion of natural problems we ought to begin not with the Scriptures, but with experiments, and demonstrations.   Take note, theologians, that in your desire to make matters of faith out of propositions relating to the fixity of sun and earth you run the risk of eventually having to condemn as heretics those who would declare the earth to stand still and the sun to change position -- eventually, I say, at such a time as it might be proved that the earth moves and the sun stands still. It vexes me when they would constrain science by the authority of the Scriptures, and yet do not consider themselves bound to answer reason and experiment.  Nothing physical which sense-experience sets before our eyes, or which necessary demonstrations prove to us, ought to be called into question (much less condemned) upon the testimony of biblical passages.  By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.
Under threat of execution... Scripture can be used to argue anything, including mutaully exclusive positions, as stated in the last quote. Scripture is irrelavent to science.  There are those who believe in the primacy of scricpture and those who believe in the primacy of observation. It is clear from the first quote which side Galileo was on. I also stated that I would use quotes from Galileo if I felt I required a justification for my disbelief in scripture. I am not Galileo, I have my own position, though Galileo expresses the points more eloquently than I might.
It contradicts that which we can observe, given the contradiction between observation and scripture I will discard scripture and go with my own observations. Several Creationists have argued for the opposite. Whether my observations are in the context of science or those of everyday life; eg. a day trip to Jerusalem, 11/11/1997, Observation outranks anything written on any piece of paper.
We're talking about the whole lot from Genesis to the "return from Babylon", the text contradicts the archaelogy right upto the Alexandrian conquest. That includes all the OT prophets. You're claiming that they are all allegorical characters? In any case my usual opponents are literalists, including the only person to have forced a justification.
The OT claims that monotheism was imposed on the people of Judea from the time of Solomon. Yet there are polytheistic shrines and temples across the country dating right through the period upto the Alexandrian conquest at which point they are all desecrated and burnt, the remains are startlingly reminiscent of the Reformation in Britain. Dated by C14 on charcoal. Evidence of a monothesitic temple in the region at the time can't be confrimed, anyone goes near temple mount and you've got a bloodbath. Genesis can be discarded by anyone who realises the planet is more than 10,000 years old. Moses is a blatent rip-off from the Epic of Sargon.
