emoticon_xkill yeah but they also might not care! i mean they might have a gun themselves!
That idea may make the homes of other people safer. This is both because the homes with the signs will be the main targets for criminals, and because that means that if a home doesn't have the sign than there is a higher likelyhood of there being a gun in the home (same number of guns in a smaller number of homes).  I worry that the reduction of gun ownership will increase crime rates even in households with a gun. Criminals, by nature, are risk takers. They are willing to risk everything for a quick buck and/or to harm someone they dislike. Gun ownership increases the risk, and there typically is no way to tell that a home has a gun. Therefore a simple risk/reward analysis will show more favorably for breaking into an unmarked house if overall ownership is down.  great idea ! so criminals will know where to find guns if they need some in a hurry. Besides knowing the owners are armed, they will shoot them on sight.
great idea ! so criminals will know where to find guns if they need some in a hurry. Besides knowing the owners are armed, they will shoot them on sight.  This explains why gun stores are robbed more often than banks or jewelry stores in Winstonland.
great idea ! so criminals will know where to find guns if they need some in a hurry. Besides knowing the owners are armed, they will shoot them on sight.  This explains why gun stores are robbed more often than banks or jewelry stores in Winstonland.  killers such as those who kill so many in schools and it happens regularly in the USA only have to reach for daddy's guns. no need for them to go to a gun store.
killers such as those who kill so many in schools and it happens regularly in the USA only have to reach for daddy's guns. no need for them to go to a gun store.  First, accept my apology for my earlier flippant remark. My point was not to insult you, though in reading it I can see how that can be inferred. Rather, my point was that criminals to not intentionally target the armed, they attack "soft" targets. Moreover, the average criminal is not a contract killer content to "shoot on sight."   As to your contention that most killers simply reach for Daddy's guns, your point stands. Indeed, the child killer can reach for the gun cabinet, but that is one very particular form of crime. It does not address the question of whether firearm ownership deters crime in the broader sense: burglary, rape, grand theft, murder, et al.
I demanded no apology for Forums are not for frail flowers, but I accept it in the manner it was offered.  I don't think I would feel safer if I knew that everyone of my neighbours is armed to the teeth. On the contrary, the same applies to knowing that everybody wherever I go is armed and willing to shoot.  If you want to live in the Wild West fine with me pardner, but I am leaving town before sunset.  I'd rather live in a country where only the Police packs guns. it is the duty of the Police to make sure criminals don't get their hands on weapons. And in Australia they perform this duty quite well.  Gun crazy Americans just make up excuses for not giving up their security blankets. They are children afraid of their own shadows, insecure and frightened.  Civilized people all over the world know of this collective craziness in America. It is a gun culture enshrined by the gun merchants.  It would require a drastic cultural change to make the gun crazy culture mature to a civilized culture.  I am glad I do not to live in the USA
You're just jealous because we as Americans have actual rights, while you don't. And what about all the people that get there rights violated by guns? You didnt think about that did you. Thats why we need gun control to protect people's rights. Places like England protect there citizens rights from being violated by gun violence more than the USA. Not many people get shot there. We have to think about protecting everybodys rights not just the rights of gun owners.
For those who believe guns deter crime In 1992:  Handgun Murders: United States-13,429  Canada -128  Sweden-36  Australia-13  United Kingdom-33  Japan-60  Gun ownership doesn't deter crime. bottom line. All those other countries don't allow handgun ownership, or restrict it strictly. Pro-gun supporters need to understand this. You can use the d.c gun ban because guns are brought in from right outside d.c and sold there...its a very lucrative business. I have been studying criminal justice for years, trust me when I say this. A ban on handguns would make the murders caused by handguns decrease every year, more and more. The reason for this is that most criminals are low-income. By banning handguns the price would increase by hundreds and hundreds of dollars. Criminals will still commit crimes but not at the same level. What most people don't understand is that rehabilitation and programs in prison such as educationl programs are what will make our country safer, not owning guns. Its a tough concept for many to grasp because of the culture we live in that is motivated by fear
Wow. you are honestly going to argue that 60 deaths is so much more that 13. The numbers aren't even comparable to the united states. is 13,000 and 60 even close...come on. The numbers really don't lie.   Its not the fact that criminals are going to follow the laws, its the fact that the supply of guns will be a fraction of what it is now. The large majority of guns that are used by criminals are bought legally and sold to them illegally, it is a big business. It is widespead in washington D.C...don't argue that point. Of course it will take time because of all the guns that are already here.     and as far as rehabilitation of criminals..thats an issue that i'm not going to try to get you yo understand.   I don 't really care what you think and as i future law enforcement officer, i am glad that the supreme court will rule in favor of the d.c gun ban in a few months. I have no problem with hunting rifles and shotguns because they aren't commonly used in gun crimes. The answer to gun crimes, isn't to put more guns on the street, it is about treating criminals as human beings, educating and supporting them in jail, so that they can make a good life for themselves when they get out.
your the biggest ####in conservative that is uable to think outside the box. Putting people in jail in not the answer. Look at other countries that have "soft" sentences, the crime rates are so much lower.........are you from Texas by any chance?
Other countries are worse off than we are. I talk to plenty of people in other nations, look around and you'll find many people willing tell you that their country is nothing but a major crimscene.   Haha your so cultured. Look at the numbers
Thats a well constructed paragraph. Im proud of you. Thats your opinion as to what will happen. I don't agree. The supreme court has ruled in favor of the second amendment being a collective right in United States vs. Miller, Presser v. Illinios, but most notably in United States v. Warren.   I don't believe I have many leftist professors. I personally have been pounded into fully researching both sides of the arguement and understanding bais. But you are entitled to your opinion of my education if you want
In 1976, in United States v. Warren when a man claimed that his second amendment rights had been violated. The court stated that, "It would unduly extend this opinion to attempt to deal with every argument made by defendant...all of which are based on the erroneous supposition that the Second Amendment is concerned with the rights of individuals rather than those of the states    please explain for me.
still waiting for that explaination.....
so basically if they rule that the dc gun ban is constitutional you will just call it a mistake
Thats your opinion as to the wording that is used. You are a close-minded person and im sorry that you cannot listin to others opinions or even consider something that is different. I truely hope that you have nothing to do with the criminal justice field
well that logic is sound. Youre right and everyone else has to be wrong because there.....stupid. Solid reasoning
Weve heard what the gun nuts have to say about the second amendment and miller. Lets see what the courts have to say because they are a better authority than the gun nuts.  "The claimant of Second Amendment protection must prove that his or her possession of the weapon was reasonably related to a well regulated militia. See id. at 923. Where such a claimant presented no evidence either that he was a member of a military organization or that his use of the weapon was in preparation for a military career, the Second Amendment did not protect the possession of the weapon. Id. Since the Miller decision, no federal court has found any individual's possession of a military weapon to be reasonably related to a well regulated militia. Technical membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an unorganized state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the reasonable relationship test. Oakes, 564 F.2d at 387. Membership in a hypothetical or sedentary militia is likewise insufficient. See Warin, 530 F.2d 103"  -U.S. v. Hale  So the fact is that if you dont belong to a government militia you dont have a right to have guns.
The author of the Miller decision made the following comment about the case:  "We construe the amendment as having relation to the military service and we are unable to say that a sawed-off shotgun has relation to the militia." -Justice McReynolds, New York Times, May 16, 1939   Although the Miller decision could be interpreted to mean that the ownership of militia type weapons is protected, it doesn't necessarily mean that engaging in such activities as hunting and personal self defense against crime is protected by the Second Amendment.   According to Saul Cornell, a historian and leading scholar on the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment only protects the possession of long guns and not of handguns. In the Nineteenth Century, several state legislatures passed laws to more strictly regulate such weapons as pistols and knives. It was felt by many (not all) at the time that such weapons were not military weapons and thus did not fall under the protection of the Second Amendment or the right to bear arms in their own state constitutions. So I don't see restrictions on handguns in D.C. as being a clear violation of the Second Amendment.
 I want to see the qualifications on Saul Cornell. I remember one noted historian writing a book about how gun ownership was rare in colonial times and he wound up being exposed as a liar and discredited.  I'm talking about a different historian than the one you remember. Here's a quote from an article by Cornell:  "The interesting question for historians is what happened when legislatures enacted laws that severely limited the right to own and use weapons intended primarily for self-defense. During the Jacksonian era, this is precisely what happened as states reacted to a widespread perception that handguns and bowie knives posed a serious threat to social stability. Legislatures acted on this perception by passing the first comprehensive laws prohibiting handguns and other concealed weapons.6 Most of the legal challenges to these gun/knife control statutes were dismissed by the courts, including the case Churchill uses as one of the anchors for his argument, Aymette v. State. According to Churchill, Aymette 'found within the constitutional right to keep and bear arms an individual citizen's right to own guns, grounded in an American rejection of English precedent.' Once again, Churchill's thesis rests on a misreading of the evidence. Aymette's distinction between a right to keep and bear arms only referred to military-style weapons needed for militia service. The court rejected the argument that non-military weapons had any claim to constitutional protection. Churchill's summary of the court's ruling ignores the crucial passage in the court's decision that clearly establishes that the right to keep arms referred to militia-style weapons, not pistols, bowie knives, or other weapons intended primarily for individual self-defense. The court did not mince words when it came to asserting this vital distinction." http://www.historycooperative.org/journals/lhr/25.1/cornell.html
The Presser v. Illinois case said that the Second Amendment only restricts what Congress can do. So wouldn't that mean that the D.C. Court violated Supreme Court precedent when they said that the handgun ban in D.C. was unconstitutional? The D.C. gun was not a law passed by Congress.
James Madison's first draft of the second amendment was:  "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; a well armed and well regulated militia being the best security of a free country: but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person."  From this passage it appears that the phrase "to bear arms" refers to military service.
"A little over 97% of court cases agree that the 2nd Ammendment applies to the individual."  The original question was what did the Founding Fathers intend. Since you bring that up, the only case that I know of in which a court has ruled that the second amendment is an individual right is US vs Emerson. On the other hand, I know of more than thirty cases in which the courts have supported the militia interpretation of the second amendment.
"Laws restricting ownership of any weapon is unconstitional." Are you saying that private citizens should be able to own nuclear and biological weapons according to the second amendment?
You're nuts, Kelvin. Only the rich would be able to afford military weapons. The rich would have dominion over the poor.
Huh? Please expound how the Gates, the Gettys, the Kennedys, the Hiltons, the Rockafellers dominate the poor with guns. The rich can afford and can legally own them right now. Are they enslaving the poor right now at the end of a gun barrel?  You were talking about WMDs (weapons of mass destruction), not guns. Don't go back and change your story.   A person with an average income can afford to purchase guns, but not WMDs. Only the rich would be able to do that. The second amendment does not allow private citizens to own WMDs. Tell me one court case that interprets the second amendment that way.
In Maryland v. United States the Supreme Court ruled that- "The National Guard is the modern Militia reserved to the States by Art. I. ยง 8, cl. 15, 16, of the Constitution. It has only been in recent years that the National Guard has been an organized force, capable of being assimilated with ease into the regular military establishment of the United States. From the days of the Minutemen of Lexington and Concord until just before World War I, the various militias embodied the concept of a citizen army, but lacked the equipment and training necessary for their use as an integral part of the reserve force of the United States Armed Forces. The passage of the National Defense Act of 1916 materially altered the status of the militias by constituting them as the National Guard."  http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?navby=search&court=US&case=/us/381/41.html
Some good links to communist discussion forums:  www.che-lives.com/cgi/community/forums.pl?forum=22  http://www.commiediscussion.cjb.net/
Recently, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the second amendment does not grant you an individual right to own a gun. (Silveira v. Lockyer)  "If the Founding Fathers could read the Ninth Circuit's opinion, they would be cheering," said Mr. Henigan. "By so forcefully challenging the perversion of the Second Amendment by those who seek to dismantle our gun laws, the Court has honored the Framers and their Constitution." http://www.bradycampaign.org/press/release.asp?Record=442
The decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said the amendment's right to bear arms is intended to maintain effective state militias and is not an individual right.  "The historical record makes it equally plain that the amendment was not adopted in order to afford rights to individuals with respect to private gun ownership or possession," Judge Stephen Reinhardt wrote.  The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is the same federal court that ruled earlier this year that the phrase "under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance violates the separation of church and state. http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,72371,00.html  That settles the matter.
I just thought it was interesting that the same court that is protecting our first amendment freedoms is also correctly interpreting the second amendment.
the only case that I know of in which a court has ruled that the second amendment is an individual right is US vs Emerson. On the other hand, I know of more than thirty cases in which the courts have supported the militia interpretation of the second amendment.  Exactly. Moreover, in Emerson the discussion of the 2nd Am. is dicta (arguments not pertinent to the verdict) so it is not a binding precedent even for the courts in the same Circuit.  A question for the "original intent" crowd:  What did the Founding Fathers intend with the misplaced comma in the 2nd Amendment?
For those who claim that the 2nd Am. protects even the right to have WMDs: surely Saddam Hussein and Kim Yong Il cannot be denied the same right, right?
When used as a threat to the United States...  No one asked about using them, just about "bearing" them.
At last check the two people you mentioned do not live in America or hold American citizenship.  So what? That just means we have even less authority to regulate what they may or may not do.  Clearly, if we could not forbid Bill Gates to own nukes and ICBMs, we cannot forbid Kim Yong Il the same thing, either.
It is always interesting that gun haters throw out the nuke and missile scare tactic every time a person defends no limits on the right to bear arms.   Has there ever been one recorded incident of an American citizen trying to purchase a nuke or missile?  Of course there hasn't - because there is no way in hell you could ever legally do so.  It is not scare tactics. It is simply showing that you don't know what you are talking about.
Despite the claims of some pro-gunners, there is no constitutional right to own nuclear weapons. In the following case a federal appeals court ruled that there is no individual right to own pipe bombs or machine guns. Since there is no right to privately own these weapons, why would there be a right to privately own nuclear weapons?   "The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution provides: 'A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.' In this case, we must decide whether this amendment grants constitutional protection to an individual whose possession or use of machineguns and pipe bombs is not reasonably related to an organized state militia. We hold that it does not." US v. Wright (11th Cir 1997) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/wright.htm
Unlike you I am not trying to make my opponent look stupid.  Oh, no. Not your opponent. You are right about that.
I can keep assault rifles with MORE responsibility and even GREATER saftey that the US Army.  Yes, I am sure you can also keep morphine with more responsibility and greater safety than a hospital. emoticon_xbouncer   So do only those as responsible as you have the right to keep weapons? And how do they prove they have the responsibility of a Kelvinator?
I can not keep morphine responsibily  I see that. ;)
Still no answer to the simple question. If there is a law against owning nukes and icbm's please post it. Oh and do not forget the law about pipe bombs. I did a search today and could not find any law against making pipe bombs. I did find a few laws that covered using pipe bombs or any bomb for that matter for a crime. You don't answer my simple questions. Why should people answer your simple questions? You can own nuclear materials to produce energy if you get a license. As for nuclear weapons, there is no law allowing private citizens to own these weapons. I don't know any law about pipe bombs. I was just pointing out that the second amendment does not protect the private ownership of pipebombs. The title of this thread is the second amendment so let's stick to the topic.
Here are some articles from the US Code. Title 18, Part I contains federal crimes.  Chapter 10, Section 175: Possession of biological wepons is prohibited and punishable up to life imprisonment.  Ch. 11B, Sect. 229: Possession of chemical wepons is prohibited unless authorized by law or an appropriate military commander. Punishable by fine and/or "any term of years".  Ch. 39, Sect. 831: Possession of nuclear materials w/o lawful authority is prohibited and punishable by fine and/or imprisonment. This section is more complicated, but its part (a)(1)(B) effectively covers all private possession of nuclear/radiological weapons.  Ch. 40, Sect. 842: Traffic in explosives is heavily restricted and regulated. Penalties (Sect. 844) for violations may be severe.  Ch. 44, Sect. 922: (a)(7-8) Importing, manufacturing or selling armor-piercing ammunition is prohibited, except for US government/military use. (b)(4) Machineguns, short-barreled rifles and the like are prohibited unless specifically authorized by the government. (p)(1) Any firearm that does not show up on usual security check devices (metal detectors, x-ray scanners etc.) is prohibited. Other provisions of this section regulate and restrict traffic in firearms generally. Sect. 924 provides fine/prison penalties.  This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of prohibitions on ownership of specific weapons. And this is just the federal criminal law. Many states have additional prohibitions.  You still think you can own nukes?
I can be just as smart XXX as you.  Only half of that, and the second half I am afraid.
Of course it is possible that you can buy those things. I never said you could not. What I did say is: you may not. It is illegal.  You can buy heroin, too. People do it all the time. Doesn't mean they may.
Finally a gun hater produces the data to defend their claims. Even though some of it appears wrong.  1. There is no such thing as a "gun hater" and your calling me a "gun hater" makes no more sense than it would make for me to call you a "female parent lover".  2. Everything I claimed is based on the US Code. No other source can compete with it re: legality of some action in the US. If you disagree with any of my claims, you must show that I misinterpreted the Code. No other counterarguments are valid.
A gun haters is a person that wants gun control laws that infringe on the right to bear arms or wants to ban the right to bear arms.  The "right to bear arms" is the right to serve in the military. No one wants to deny you that right. And even if someone did, why would it make him a gun hater?  A gun hater is a member of a hate group that want to take rights away from other people.  Wait a minute. If they hate guns, then they want to take rights away from guns, not from people. Make up your mind.  Gun haters are like any other hate group. Groups like the kkk, nazis, or communist.   Or broccoli haters.
Do a little more thorough research before you post this as "fact".  Did you refute anything I said?
Umm, yeah I did.  Exactly which of my statements did you refute?
Also "poison gas" is termed a "destructive device" and is therefore legal to own under the NFA of 1934.  If the US code provision I cited was enacted after 1934 (and, given what it talks about, I don't think it is necessary for me to verify that), then it trumps your statute by standard rules of statutory construction.
If what "you" think is correct (which it isn't)   So when was it enacted?  then they would have have to ammend the given statue.   Nonsense. You know nothing about statutory construction. And not much more about spelling, by the way...
In the Columbine incident, the shooters got their guns from a gun show. A study done by the Violence Policy Center showed that lots of terrorists, presidential assassins, white supremacists, and criminals visit gun shows and purchase dangerous weapons. Gun shows should be outlawed without question. http://www.vpc.org/studies/gunloop.htm
Yeah, right. I'm not going to take that statistic seriously. It doesn't agree with the study done by the Violence Policy Center.  And what about all the terrorists that buy guns from gun shows? We can't ignore that.
Right now the NRA is trying to push a bill through congress that would make gun dealers and gun manufactures immune to most lawsuits. Many victims of gun violence have sued gun manufacturers and gun dealers.   http://reed.senate.gov/StatementImmunityforGunDealersandManufacturers01-30-03.htm   Others industries are not immune to lawsuits. Why should the gun industry be a special exception?
The bill would also protect gun manufacturers and dealers that have allowed their weapons to fall into the hands of criminals through their own negligence.
Innocent gun-violence victims take a hit, NRA wins again.
Sounds like Pakistan has a strong gun culture. Guns are also an important part of the culture in Iraq. Like the US, Iraq has a history of gun ownership.   "With a gun culture that closely resembles that of the United States, Iraq is one of the most heavily armed societies in the world." http://www.azstarnet.com/star/mon/30310wIraq-civilianguns.html
"Oh, but don't you know that our streets are safer when the people are carrying guns." (this is sarcasm)  "Gun Control is People Control" an excellent book on the matter.
Gun control in repressive regimes. What an example! Let's get some stats on modern countries. That looks great, but every nation you named was or still is a repressive regime seeking to destroy all opposition to itself.   Canada has gun control in place. Crime rates are far lower in proportion to our country.
And I am no fan of Canada... don't start with me there :P
Really? I have just stated some facts...   There you go, a so far isolated example.
That agression makes me want to take your guns away. If I was next door you'd probably use your guns to force me out.   Guns need to be better controlled... I'm sorry for not wanting every house to have a gun.
You act as if it's not a truth...it is.
And I don't want to take your right to carry away or anything...I simply want to take you through more before you are granted that right.
I suppose we could find a way to blame all the world's problems on gun-control. Those 56 million people might have died just the same if they had had guns. Israel has a high rate of gun ownership and it hasn't protected them against terrorist attacks by the Palestinians.
It matters where you are controlling guns. Our government doesn't run around killing people like the ones above.
But why are those regimes controlling guns? To keep themselves secure. Why would countries like the US control guns? To protect the people that live there.
If you cut the gun supply and make it harder to get guns criminals will have less access.
Canada has strict gun control...never said they didn't have lots of guns. Their crime rates are far lower.   Gun control in the UK probably would be a bad idea. Those statistics are probably mainly driven by the religious tensions.   Hitler was supported by the German people.
I think I understand what Broker is saying. Canada has a high rate of gun ownership, but stricter gun-control laws than the US.   An adult who wants to own a gun in Canada has to apply for a license. To get a license to own a firearm you have to do the following: 1) Take and pass a mandatory firearms safety course. 2) Have no history of violence, drug abuse, or attempted suicide 3) Pass a criminal background check 4) Two people who have known you for atleast three years must sign a statement saying that you are not a threat to public safety. 5) The Chief Firearms Officer of the province you live in will review your application for a firearms license and decide if you are qualified to own a gun.  6) It usually takes about three months to process an application. http://www.firearmscanada.com/faq.html   Do you think that the US should have the same requirements for gun ownership? Canada has a lower gun-death rate than the US.
The Nazi party enjoyed a lot of popular support. Hitler was a very persuasive speaker and good at using propaganda to further his political aims. The Nazis were voted into office. Then they and their allies passed a law which made Hitler a dictator. The Nazis did not pass any gun-control laws until several years after they had gained complete control of Germany. Gun-control had nothing to do with Hitler's rise to power. http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcnazimyth.html
The Brady Bill does not lower crime:  http://jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/abstract/284/5/585  A little dated, 1997, but also note that both Cook and Ludwig were both anti-gunners.  "Brady Law Proponents: Ludwig, Cook, JAMA   Among Lott's harshest critics have been anti-self-defense academics Professors Jens Ludwig and Philip J. Cook. In a study funded by the anti-self-defense Joyce Foundation and published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) they set out to debunk Lott's findings regarding the Brady law. There was just one problem: they couldn't. "  http://rpc.senate.gov/~rpc/releases/1999/gc083100.htm  As for myself, I have serious concerns about research done by Lott.  "Lott has been unable to provide evidence to back up his claim that 98% of defensive gun uses don't involve the firing of the weapon. When questioned Lott has changed his story several times about where he got the 98% statistic from. The validity of other statistics in his book are also in question because he didn't control for such factors as poverty and drug use. David Mustard, co-author of Lott's study, admitted under oath in Klein v. Mustard that the study left out certain variables which are relevant to the crime rate. Gary Kleck, a pro-gun advocate and researcher, commented on this '[More]likely, the declines in crime, coinciding with relaxation of carry laws were largely attributable to other factors not controlled for in the Lott and Mustard analysis'(Targeting Guns; p. 372).While the case against Lott may not be as strong as the case against Bellesiles, enough questions have been raised about Lott's book that it would be wise to refrain from relying too much on his research." http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0226493644/ref=cm_cr_dp_2_1/103-0741513-9131040?v=glance&s=books&vi=customer-reviews
So do Ludwig and Cook. One problem, they really could not find anything wrong with it. They only "THINK" someting is wrong with it. There maybe something wrong with it, but "thinking someting is wrong" and actually being wrong are two different things.  Bellesiles is most definately a liar and there is no debate or confusion about it.  Bellesiles claimed his data was destroyed in a flood. Lott claimed his data was destroyed in a computer crash. Some people have been calling John Lott "the Bellesiles of the Right." Read this article "The Bellesiles of the Right? Another firearms scholar whose dog ate his data." http://slate.msn.com/id/2078084/  John Lott has already admitted to inventing a fan (Mary Rosh) to praise himself. That's intentionally trying to deceive people. http://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn?pagename=article&node=&contentId=A8884-2003Jan31&notFound=true
Keep Going:  "F. Myth #6: The Second Amendment militia is the National Guard.   The Founding Fathers made it clear that the Militia was composed of the populace at large. Both the Congress and Supreme Court have affirmed this definition of the Militia.   Well, read the law carefully. It clearly distinguishes between the organized militia and the unorganized militia. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/ts_search.pl?title=10&sec=311  As the courts have interpreted it, the second amendment refers to a well regulated militia which is the organized militia.   "Wilbur Hale appeals his conviction of thirteen counts of possession of a machine gun pursuant to 18 U.S.C.A. ?922(o) (West Supp. 1992) and three counts of possession of unregistered firearms pursuant to 26 U.S.C. ?5861(d) (1988). He argues....that the indictment violates his Second Amendment right to bear arms....we cannot conclude that the Second Amendment protects the individual possession of military weapons....The rule emerging from Miller is that, absent a showing that the possession of a certain weapon has 'some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well-regulated militia,' the Second Amendment does not guarantee the right to possess the weapon. Miller, 307 U.S. at 178, 59 S.Ct. at 818... 'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test. Oakes, 564 F.2d at 387. Membership in a hypothetical or 'sedentary' militia is likewise insufficient. See Warin, 530 F.2d 103...."  U.S. v. Hale, 978 F.2d 1016 (8th Cir. 1992) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/hale.htm   So being part of the unorganized militia is not enough to qualify as being part of the well-regulated militia that is referred to in the second amendment.
Oh and before the question of Love, what about Lewis? Should he have a firearm or not? Who's Love? I must have missed that. Well, Lewis shouldn't have a firearm. He was a felon. Most of the case did not deal with the second amendment. But in the footnote #8, the court, quoting from an earlier Supreme Court decision, adds that there is no right to bear arms outside the context of a well-regulated militia. http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?navby=search&court=US&case=/us/445/55.html#f8  The earlier Supreme Court decision was US v. Miller. In this case the Supreme Court ruled that you only have a right to own a gun if the gun "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or  efficiency of a well regulated militia"
Who is Love? You must be joking.  Love v. Pepersack  In your signature. Ok, I see what you mean. I'll quote from the ruling. "According to her complaint, in September, 1990, April Love tried to purchase a handgun at a shop in Prince George's County, Maryland.... On September 21, Corporal Ernest Pletcher reviewed the application and a computer printout from Maryland police and Federal Bureau of Investigation files. He discovered that Ms. Love had been arrested on four occasions...She was convicted of only one of these crimes - a misdemeanor....Citing law review articles, Love argues that she has an individual federal constitutional right to 'keep and bear' a handgun, and Maryland may not infringe upon this right....She is wrong on both counts....In 1939, the Supreme Court held that the federal statute prohibiting possession of a sawed-off shotgun was constitutional, because the defendant had not shown that his possession of such a gun bore a 'reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia.' United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 178, 59 S.Ct. 816, 818, 83 L.Ed. 1206 (1939). Since then, the lower federal courts have uniformly held that the Second Amendment preserves a collective, rather than individual, right." http://www.healylaw.com/cases/love.htm  If you go to footnote 1, you see the crime that she was convicted for. "She paid a fine upon conviction in Florida of participating in an obscene show."
Here's an interesting article. According to the NRA, gun ownership is an individual right. According to court rulings it is a collective right. Why do many people often favor the NRA's view of the second amendment over what the courts have said?  "Indeed, media bias in favor of the NRA's view of the Second Amendment (as protecting individual gun ownership) is so pervasive that even many gun-control supporters seem unaware that the federal high courts have never found a gun law to have violated the Second Amendment....The truth is -- and one would hardly know it from the mass media -- that since the Supreme Court's unanimous Miller decision in 1939, all federal appeals courts, whether dominated by liberals or conservatives, have agreed that the Second Amendment does not confer gun rights on individuals...." http://www.fair.org/articles/gun-control.html
That was a misdemeanor, not a felony. The law is very clear. Only felony convictions take away your 2nd Amendment rights.   You obviously do not understand your own signature. Why do you say that? I understand my own signature. I tried to make it very clear that it was just a misdemeanor so that you couldn't say that the court is just saying that felons can't have guns. The court did not recognize an individual right to own a gun in this case.
No. No. No. Love got her gun and she got to keep it.  I never said otherwise. I fail to see your point. Having a gun does not mean she had an individual and constitutional right to have it. You can own a car, but that does not mean that there is a constitutional and individual right to own a car. The federal appeals court specifically rejected her claim that she had "an individual federal constitutional right to 'keep and bear' a handgun"  The state kept the right to deny permits to felons. The state kept the right to deny permits when there are open warrents for arrest.   The first case gave her the handgun. The appeal was about the right of the state to deny permits to people with an open arrest record. There were 3 charges against Love. One guilty plea to a misdemanor. Two open charges that were never cleared up. When she had a letter from the arresting Sherif stating that the open charges are OK and the guilty plea was a misdemanor, the state still denied the permit. The appeal decided that the state was OK to deny the permit due to the confusion and clerical error, but once it was properly cleared up, no one took her handgun way. Are we debating the above issues? I thought that the issue we were discussing was the second amendment.   The first case gave her the handgun. Yes. That's what the first case (the state case) was about. She won. Then she filed suit in a district court, "alleging violations of substantive due process, a 'right to contract,' and the Second Amendment". The district court dismissed the case. Love appealed the case to a federal appeals court. "Citing law review articles, Love argues that she has an individual federal constitutional right to 'keep and bear' a handgun, and Maryland may not infringe upon this right. [16] She is wrong on both counts" So not only did the federal appeals court reject the argument that Love's constitutional right had been infringed upon, they also rejected the argument that Love had an individual constitutional right to have a handgun.
"The NRA completely distorts the Supreme Court's ruling in U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez, 110 S.Ct. 1056 (1990). The Verdugo case was not a Second Amendment case at all; it was a Fourth Amendment 'search and seizure' case.... In the course of its opinion, the Supreme Court commented that the phrase 'the people' as used in various parts of the Bill of Rights, including the Second Amendment, '...refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community....' According to the NRA, this means that the right to bear arms is not restricted to the state militia. But the issue of whether the right to bear arms is granted to 'the people' only in connection with militia service is not even addressed in the Verdugo-Urquidez decision. At most, the decision implies that the Second Amendment right extends only to U.S. citizens; it does not address the precise scope of the right granted. In no way does the Court's ruling contradict the idea that the right of the people to bear arms is exercised only through membership in a 'well regulated Militia.' "  "The real purpose of the Second Amendment was to ensure that the 'state armies' - 'the militia' - would be maintained for the defense of the state. In order to do that it was necessary to grant each citizen the right to maintain arms. Of course, 200 years ago, the musket which was the principal military weapon in use - was a common fixture in most American households, because many Americans depended on hunting game for food. Today the 'state armies' that were prevalent in the 18th century have effectively been replaced by the National Guard, and hunting has basically become a recreational activity." -Warren E. Burger, former Supreme Court Justice  http://www.gunlawsuits.org/defend/second/articles/nramyths.asp   "SIX judges dissented -- and ALL OF THEM did so based on their correct interpretation of the Second Amendment as an INDIVIDUAL RIGHT!! This is the liberal 9th Circuit Court. Furthermore, one of the dissenting judges (Kleinfeld) offered an elaborate, detailed analysis of the Second Amendment that contains six sections, 114 footnotes and leaves virtually no stone unturned -- in defense of the Truth about the right of the people to keep and bear arms!!"  In Silveira v. Lockyer the 9th Circuit Court ruled that California's Assault Weapons Control Act is not unconstitutional and that the second amendment does not protect an individual right. After the ruling, the plaintiffs petitioned all 25 judges of the 9th Circuit Court to allow the case to be heard again. The court refused, but 6 judges dissented. So you've got 6 out of 25 judges on your side. Why all the celebration? Your only hope now is that the Supreme Court will agree to hear the case and possibly reverse the ruling of the lower court.   Of the 6 dissenting judges not all agreed that the second amendment protects an absolute right. For example, Judge Pregerson said, "I agree with the panel's decision to uphold California's Assault Weapons Control Act. But I part from the panel's second amendment analysis. The right to keep and bear arms is in no way absolute; it is subject to reasonable restrictions....However, the panel misses the mark by interpreting the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms as a collective right, rather than as an individual right."  http://KeepAndBearArms.com/silveira/EnBancOrder.pdf
Your point is moot and irrelavant. You have a Constitutional right to purchase a car for sale. Transactions and propterty owernship is protected under the Constitution. You do not have a Constitutional right to drive. There is no such thing as a right to drive. Driving is an activity that is licensed, regulated, and can be denied. Rights can not be denied, regulated, or licensed. Your point is moot and irrelevant. Again were talking about what the second amendment protects. Anyway, vehicles are registered. Unconstitutional?  Silveira v. Lockyer, will be the nail in the coffin for anti-gunners. The court has already publicly announced thier stance on the right to bear arms. Yeah the court ruled it was not an individual right. What if the Supreme Court doesn't agree to hear the case? Then no nail in no coffin. Don't count your eggs before they're hatched.
"'...refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community....' "   Which are all American citizens....  Furhter we can look at the militia code for more insight: Which is defined by  "Section 311. Militia: composition and classes   (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States... (the rest pertains to women. How does section 311 support you? It excludes most of the adult female population and much of the adult male population. Does the word "people" in the first and fourth amendments only refer to males between the ages of 17 and 44?    The other parts refer to "organized and unorganized" not regulated and well-regulated.  There is no "Government" militia requirment for individual firearms ownership. Certain federal appeals courts have disagreed with you about that. For example. "Rather, the claimant of Second Amendment protection must prove that his or her possession of the weapon was reasonably related to a well regulated militia.... 'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test." (US v. Hale) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/hale.htm  Also read Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution. It talks about how the militia can be regulated by the government. "The Congress shall have power to....provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;" http://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/constitution.articlei.html#section8  I am still curious on how you come to the conclusion that the "people" of the second amendment are different from the "people" of the other amendments, and how well regulated means government agents when clearly in the 1790s it meant know such thing. I read the word "people" in the context of the rest of the second amendment. The first part of the second amendment tells us that the purpose of the second amendment is to ensure the security of a free state by maintaining a militia. "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state..." The word "being" implies that the idea is not complete as in the following sentence- "The door being locked..." So you have to read the 2nd amendment as a whole. The second part of the second amendment is not separate from the first part.  "The distortion of the intent of the framers of the Bill of Rights by the gun lobby is glaring, as they focus their argument on the last half of the amendment, while ignoring the first half, on which it was based".--Former Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren E. Burger (1991)  The term "bear arms" was most often used to refer to military service in founding era documents. It is evident from James Madison's first draft of the second amendment what the this term meant- "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; a well armed and well regulated militia being the best security of a free country: but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person." So what do you end up with? The right of the people to keep and bear arms in a state militia.
Yes you are right there is no nail. If the court hears the case, it can ony go one way. You know it. Only one way? Federal Appeals Courts have rejected the argument that the second amendment protects an individual right several times in the past. And what has the Supreme Court done about it? Nothing. They've let the rulings of the lower courts stand. If the Supreme Court really thinks that the second amendment protects an individual right, why haven't they bothered to reverse any of the rulings of the lower courts? They've had several chances in the past.   Anyway, if the Supreme Court agrees to hear the case and rules that the second amendment protects and individual right, I still don't think they would side with your extremist interpretation of the second amendment. They might say something like it's an individual right subject to reasonable regulation by the government.   Vehicles are registered, AFTER you buy them, and the government has never said NO to a buyer or can not say NO to a buyer. Again moot and irrelevant. You said that "propterty owernship is protected under the Constitution." You weren't just talking about the act of buying a car. Another thought comes to mind. People have the right to vote. People also have to register to vote. Unconstitutional?
Several points here. This code that I have seen you reference on numerous occasions clearly violates the "equal protection" clause of the 14th amendment. However the requirment to become part of the militia is that you are an American citizen thats all. it says nothing about enlisting in the governments army. My argument is that "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed". I use this "311" to show you that although you somehow believe that the government needed a constitutional amendment to arm itself and that it refers to itself as the "people" the fact is the so called "militia" as defined in the section 311 applies to most everyday citizens who are not part of government forces.  Excluding males over 44 and most females means that more than half the population is excluded. That's not "most everday citizens."    Again you are ignoring the language by using modern definitions of a term that had a completley different meaning. Well regulated for political reasons today apparently means National guard?!? Whilst the true term as I mentioned before: Well regulated referred to the property of something being in proper working order. Furthermore "several federal appeals courts have disagreed with youl" also.  Which federals appeals courts have disagreed with me?  This section of the constitution must be taken in context of the times. We had no standing army. This section talks about calling forth the "militia" which were every male between the ages of 17 and 44. The second amendment does not discriminate, the title code and the culture of the times did/does. What are you saying? So this part of the constitution only applied 200 years ago?    "A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free  State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be  infringed."  With only a comma the sentence takes on its true meaning as was intended. The right of the people to keep and bear arms by itself is what a well regulated militia is. Using circular logic. If you first assume that the people= a well regulated militia then you could reach that conclusion.    Here is where your argument loses all steam.   Your argument is contradictory:  All the arms, munitions, armament and equipment of the National Guard is owned and controlled by the federal government, not by "the people" as clearly stipulated in the Second Amendment.    So you see there is no way that you can have a Government national guard and call them "the people". They are "the government". "The right of the people" not "the right of the state", nor "the right of the National guard", nor "the right of the federal government". not even "the right of the militia" it is "The right of the people" It's not contradictory if you think of it as a collective right.
Its unconstantutionalality aside it clearly defines the people as the militia.  Well, if it's unconstitutional why are you using it to support your arguments? Just seems to be contradictory to me.   U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez (1990)....  * U.S. v. Lopez (1995)....Printz v. U.S. (1997)....U.S. v. Miller (1939).  The question was which courts have addressed disagreed with me about the meaning of "well regulated" in the second amendment. This was the topic that we were discussing when I asked this question. Printz v. U.S. was not even second amendment case. The Brady Bill was ruled unconstitutional on the basis of the tenth amendment in that case. So what well-regulated meant is not addressed. Then you also quote U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez which says that the second amendment applies to American citizens but doesn't tell us whether it applies to them individually or collectively. The conclusion you're trying to draw from it is quite a stretch. The whole issue was whether the fourth amendment applied to non-Americans.    Fourteenth Amendment (1868): * The framers of the 14th Amendment intended to protect an individual's Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms by striking down state laws that denied this right. As stated by a Senate subcommittee in 1982, "[During] the debates over the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress frequently referred to the Second Amendment as one of the rights which it intended to guarantee against state action."143  An argument that the courts have rejected.  "It is difficult to understand how appellants can assert that Presser supports the theory that the second amendment right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right which the state cannot regulate when the Presser decision plainly states that '[t]he Second Amendment declares that it shall not be infringed, but this . . . means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the National government . . . ' Presser v. Illinois, 116 U.S. 252, 265, 6 S.Ct. 580, 584, 29 L.Ed. 615 (1886). As the district court explained in detail, appellants' claim that Presser supports the proposition that the second amendment guarantee of the right to keep and bear arms is not subject to state restriction is based on dicta quoted out of context. Quilici v. Village of Morton Grove, 5:32 F.Supp. at 1181-82. This argument borders on the frivolous and does not warrant any further consideration." (QUILICI vs. VILLAGE OF MORTON GROVE) http://www.law.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/quilici.html   No it is precisley what I am NOT saying. Because at the time we had no standing army and the militia were the people. The constitution put in the authority for the government to call to arms the people of the united states (the militia) for national defense. which furthers the argument for individual firearms ownership. But I wasn't addressing the question of what the militia is. I was pointing out that the militia can be regulated by the government according to Article 1 of the constitution.
U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez doesn't address the scope of the right. It doesn't tell us whether the right that the people have is an individual or a collective right. How come the lower courts have not looked to this decision when trying to solve second amendment issues? Since that ruling most lower federal courts have continued to reject the argument that the second amendment protects an indivual right to own a gun. It just seems very far fetched to me to use that case to support your argument.   A lot of your arguments would be right if they were made 200 years ago, but this is the 21st Century. The meaning of the word militia has changed. It once referred to a citizen militia. Now it's the National Guard. The Supreme Court explained it this way:  "The National Guard is the modern Militia reserved to the States by Art. I. 8, cl. 15, 16, of the Constitution....From the days of the Minutemen of Lexington and Concord until just before World War I, the various militias embodied the concept of a citizen army, but lacked the equipment and training necessary for their use as an integral part of the reserve force of the United States Armed Forces. The passage of the National Defense Act of 1916 materially altered the status of the militias by constituting them as the National Guard." (Maryland v. United States) http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?navby=search&court=US&case=/us/381/41.html
Brought up because you used it for your basis of a military requirment to own firearms. And yes according to sec. 311  "The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States... "  It then goes on to describe organized and unorganized. not "well regulated" and "not so well regulated".  Its unconstantutionalality aside it clearly defines the people as the militia.       U.S. v. Verdugo-Urquidez (1990). "'The people' seems to have been a term of art employed in select parts of the Constitution.... [and] it suggests that 'the people' protected by the Fourth Amendment, and by the First and Second Amendments, and to whom rights and powers are reserved in the Ninth and Tenth Amendments, refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community or who have otherwise developed sufficient connection with this country to be considered part of that community."   * U.S. v. Lopez (1995). The Court struck down a federal law which prevented the possessing of firearms within 1,000 feet of a school. The Court argued that the Commerce Clause of the Constitution in no way grants Congress the authority to enact such gun control legislation.   * Printz v. U.S. (1997). The Supreme Court ruled the federal government could not force state authorities to conduct so-called Brady background checks on gun buyers.   * U.S. v. Miller (1939). In this case, the Court stated that, "The Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense... [and that] when called for service, these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time."150     U.S. Senate Subcommittee Report (1982) :  * Courts have used the Second Amendment to strike down gun control: Nunn v. State and in re Brickey are just two examples where the Courts have struck down gun control laws using the Second Amendment.141   * An individual right protected: "The conclusion is thus inescapable that the history, concept, and wording of the second amendment to the Constitution of the United States, as well as its interpretation by every major commentator and court in the first half-century after its ratification, indicates that what is protected is an individual right of a private citizen to own and carry firearms in a peaceful manner."142     US Congress:  Fourteenth Amendment (1868): * The framers of the 14th Amendment intended to protect an individual's Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms by striking down state laws that denied this right. As stated by a Senate subcommittee in 1982, "[During] the debates over the Fourteenth Amendment, Congress frequently referred to the Second Amendment as one of the rights which it intended to guarantee against state action."143    Firearm Owners' Protection Act (1986):  * The 1986 Law affirms individual right to keep and bear arms: "The Congress finds that the right of citizens to keep and bear arms under the second amendment to the United States Constitution... require[s] additional legislation to correct existing firearms statutes and enforcement policies."144 [Emphasis added.]   Firearm Owners' Protection Act (1986):  * The 1986 Law affirms individual right to keep and bear arms: "The Congress finds that the right of citizens to keep and bear arms under the second amendment to the United States Constitution...  require[s] additional legislation to correct existing firearms statutes and enforcement policies."144 [Emphasis added.]      No it is precisley what I am NOT saying. Because at the time we had no standing army and the militia were the people. The constitution put in the authority for the government to call to arms the people of the united states (the militia) for national defense. which furthers the argument for individual firearms ownership.     Circular logic?!?!? Your being a little dismissive wouldn't you agree. Please help me understand how you come to this circular logic argument? I suppose the founding fathers were using circular logic then.  * George Mason: "I ask, who are the militia? They consist now of the whole people, except a few public officers."145   * Virginia Constitution, Art. I, Sec. 13 (1776): "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free State; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty...."   * Richard Henry Lee: "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them .... The mind that aims at a select militia [like the National Guard], must be influenced by a truly anti-republican principle."146    "A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free  State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be  infringed."     Which is contradictory to EVERYTHING our found fathers intended.    No one could have answered the question  "WHAT IS THE MILITIA" more beautifully, than Hamilton when  he wrote in the Federalist Papers under No. 28:  "The militia is a voluntary force not associated or  under the control of the States except when  called out; [when called into actual service] a  permanent or long standing force would  be entirely different in make-up and call."  Hamilton further stated in the Federalist Papers under No. 69:  "The President, and government, will only control  the militia when a part of them is in the actual  service of the federal government, else, they are  independent and not under the command of the  president or the government. The states would  control the militia, only when called out into the  service of the state, and then the governor would  be commander in chief where enumerated  in the respective state constitution." Copying and pasting large amounts of materials from pro-gun websites and not giving proper credit is plagiarism. http://www.impactsites2000.com/site3/news/news87.htm
What is your point? That is not an argument. You have proven nothing or convinced no one. So what? I wasn't trying to make an argument against or for gun-control. I think that's obvious.  Thanks for the plagiarism warning. I do not think anyone here ever thought that the cut and past was claimed or assumed to be orginal work. What anyone thought doesn't matter, it's still plagiarism.
Whatever VoR, You know damn well I put the sources for these long ago and would be happy to do it again. Because your arguments are weak and your motives questionable you resort to ancillary attacks on things not related to the debate at hand.  I don't know that. Please back up your claims. Where did you cite your source?   You are an enemy of liberty and a socialist totalitarian. Please Mr. Socialist enemy of freedom if you are ever succsessful in banning all guns don't be a coward and send someone elses son to come get mine.... Do it your self. Come and get them, Stand by your convictions.... I let you have them I round at a time! emoticon_xkill   MOLON LABE!  I support gun-control because I think it will lead to greater freedom- greater freedom to live and greater freedom from gun violence. Please show respect for my point of view and don't attack me personally.
This Statment is total newspeak... You support "greater freedom" by RESTRICTING LAW ABIDING PEOPLE OF THIER G-D GIVEN RIGHTS!. Gun control has nothing to do with guns it has to do with control. Control of the sheeple. Cars and ciggarettes kill more people than guns... Hell big macs kill more people than guns. Will you be banning those items to, oh Ceasar? This country was founded on liberty not government oversight into every aspect of our lives. We, NOT the government are responsible for our lives.   Of course gun control is about control but it is also about guns. Claiming that it has nothing to do with guns is false as I'm sure you're aware. Gun control is about the control of guns. How could it not have some interest in guns?  Here is an example of how I can see gun control being used to protect people from guns. On a small scale and within my own family we have gun control. My dad owns a gun but keeps it locked away. My brother owns a gun but has to keep it locked in a case when he isn't using it so no one else can get at it. My parents are making him do this for the safety of my younger sister and brother. This is an example of gun control and a small level that focuses on guns more than control. Do you agree that this is true? If so, is it possible that the majority of the people in this country wish to have guns controlled by the government to help protect them? Do you think that gun control on a small (family) or large (country) scale will actually offer protection more than lack of gun control could? I hope you will provide a reasonable response to these questions as I do view you as the most logically thinking pro-gun advocate here and I'd like to learn more about your incites on this issue.  Your using cars and cigarettes are good examples of deadly items that can kill. Cigarettes have second hand smoke and cars have accidents and can be used as weapons. However I don't think there is a more feared weapon that an individual can legally purchase and possess than a gun. That is why it is the target of so much criticism. Not to say that we should get rid of it or get rid of gun controls, but you have to admit that it is the leader when it comes to causing fear. Cigarettes and cars don't cause as much fear as a gun can. The reasoning behind this is that guns are often used for violence while cigarettes and cars are not. Guns in the US are especially seen as killing machines since we have more gun deaths than almost any other first world nation. That is why I don't think your example works.  The government isn't responsible for our lives unless we want them to be. For instance we have a military that will protect our lives and could also cost us our lives if we are drafted into it. The government is in control of this military. Do you think it is right for them to be able to protect and control our lives in this way? I'm pretty sure your answer will be yes since it is necessary for the government to protect our way of life on a large scale. Isn't it also alright for the government to protect our way of life from criminals and terrorists by tracking guns and limiting how powerful weapons can be?  Do you think that removing gun control would make life better in the US or make our country better. We may have more freedoms as you would say but we would have more crime, more deaths, and less safety unless you had a gun. Would this make happiness easier to achieve? Would it make our society more successful? What I really want to know is what you think the advantages of widespread gun ownership will actually be. I don't want to hear the negatives about bringing about total gun control because I've heard those arguments already. What is the real and logical advantage to removing all gun control laws on small and large scales?
I don't have to but I will give you a clue. My first few posts where you were debating Kelvins statistics and I posted the response from GOA and provided a link. I provided that link several times an will do it again. Gun Owners of America. The proof is in my previous posts which are public domain for you to freely research. I put down authors of stuff I use when I have them and when I don't I usually put somthing like portions borrowed or something of the like. Simply because you ignore the facts I present and I REPEAT them and leave out the footnotes does not mean I "CLAIM IT AS MY OWN".  No such link in any of your posts. It is assumed that when you use someone else's exact words and don't put it in quotes and don't cite a source that you are claiming it as your own work. Atleast that's the standard in the academic world.   This Statment is total newspeak... You support "greater freedom" by RESTRICTING LAW ABIDING PEOPLE OF THIER G-D GIVEN RIGHTS!. Gun control has nothing to do with guns it has to do with control. Control of the sheeple. Cars and ciggarettes kill more people than guns... Hell big macs kill more people than guns. Will you be banning those items to, oh Ceasar Newspeak? I think that the way the NRA uses the word freedom is more newspeak. On what basis do you say it is a god-given right? People can choose to stop smoking and stop eating unhealthy foods. If someone blows your brains out with a gun, there's not much you can do. Handgun Control Inc was founded by 2 victims of gun violence. Sarah Brady's husband received brain damage due to a bullet wound. These are not people who have a fascination with power and control. These are simply people that have experienced the horrors of gun violence and want to make the world a better place.
YES, Yes we would have more freedom but less crime (read book of same title "more guns less crime"). An interesting article about John Lott, the author of "More Guns Less Crime" http://www.townhall.com/columnists/michellemalkin/mm20030205.shtml Lott is suspected of fabricating data.   Also do you know why Hitler did not invade Switzerland? It had nothing to do with Switzerland being neutral no.... It was because EVERY SWISS HOUSHOLD IS (STILL TO THIS DAY) REQUIRED TO HAVE A FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUN."Although it's true that all Swiss males are subject to compulsory military service and every solidier is required to keep their service weapon(s) at home, that does not equate to there being a full-auto weapon in every Swiss home.... 14 per cent of Swiss households have a full-auto weapon in them. (With the 625,000 figure, it is 22 per cent.)"  http://www.guncite.com/swissgun.html
Its amazing at what level the antis will go to hide the truth!   "From the horses mouth"  Special Regulations for Military Firearms, Sporting and Hunting Guns  Due to the long tradition and the special organization of the Swiss armed forces as a militia army, special rules are applicable for army weapons. Between their regular annual service of two or three weeks per year, Swiss soldiers and officers keep their personal weapons at home. After they have left the army, they may keep those arms in order to continue practicing at rifle or pistol ranges managed by local communities. Special rules also govern hunting or sporting rifles.    I didn't put this in quotes but just in case you can not figure it out. I CUT AND PASTED IT FROM THE SWISS SITE LINKED ABOVE!  MOLON LABE! Yeah, I've seen that website. What's your point? You claimed that every Swiss household has a "A FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUN". Where on your website does it say that?
Your missing the point. Law abiding citizens are not using guns to commit acts of violence against his fellow man. Criminals are. The antis want to restrict law abiding citizens of thier liberty to make them "victims" that need the help of the government overlords. once this cycle of dependancy is in place then they feel that they will maintain power. Look at the welfare state and minorities for an example. That is the aim of gun control.  You say the antis. Does that mean those who are against anyone owning guns or those who are against eliminating gun control? I'm against eliminating gun control and I can say that my reasoning isn't to restrict law abiding citizens, it is to protect them as well as our way of life in the US. Besides, gun control at least solves a problem by improving our ability to catch criminals and lower gun deaths. Lack of gun control would do that opposite. Also you claim that the government is making us need them. Dropping gun control will make us need them even more for the police force that will be needed to patrol the machine gun gang controlled streets and the terrorists that will take advantage of this opening.  Lets look at the reality of things... How many people dialed 911 for a violent offense against themselves or others by a gun, knife, fist wielding criminal. Taken the amount of time for the police to respond most likley they would be dead... as chuck D once said 911 is a joke. now put FN TPS Shotgun in these victims hands instead of a phone... What do you think the outcome would be... Which one sits better with you?  I'd rather have the shotgun. But if the 'antis' had there way there would be no shotgun for either person. My look at reality is that if you put a shotgun in everyones hands then the situation of shotgun violence is going to increase. Everyone will need to have a gun to feel safe and that isn't the way it is today. Not everyone needs a gun to be safe since not everyone has a gun. Do you really think it is to everyones advantage that the majority of people have guns, or is it only to your advantage and a few of your friends? In my opinion I don't think most women will be carrying a shotgun around while most men will be doing so. Does that make this a safer country for women?  Family level gun control is fine with me. The majority of the people in the US do not favor the government controlling ANY aspect of thier lives that is servitude. Don't believe me? Do me a favor and take this little quiz have your family and friends take it. You may see my point.   I think that is an inaccurate statement. Any means everything that they do and I don't think everyone realizes how much the government does. I don't understand how your quiz shows me anything either. I've taken it before and scored 50-50.  Your Personal Self-Government Score is 40%. Your Economic Self-Government Score is 50%.  I got a different score this time because I was tougher on the legalizing drugs issue.  --Draft is ok, no restricting freedom of speech, repeal sex regulations, don't legalize drugs, close the freaking border --Business operate w/o subsidies, drop the tariffs for the most part, don't repeal minimum wage, don't end taxes, government and private funds for foreign aid.  Fear is not an excuse for legislation. The notion that I own a tool that you are phobic to does not mean that I am the one who should have my inalienable rights infringed upon. Education my friend will deliver you from ignorance... learn all about guns. shoot a few thousand rounds at some paper and stuff... ignore the fear mongers on TV... Fear is what enslaves you not my guns...  Fear is not an excuse? Why do you think we went into Afghanistan and Iraq? It was because we feared for our future. Fear drives our country and people to do what is necessary to survive in times of crisis. If people view machine guns being on our streets as a time of crisis, then by God I hope they will act on that fear. I know I will.  If you want people to learn about guns then force people to have 1 year in the military before they can purchase a gun. Then they will have surved our country and learned more about weapons. Plus they will have hopefully learned discipline and honor as well as respect for life. If you don't agree with this, what is your solution to teaching people about guns before they purchase them? I'm positive not everyone who owns a gun knows as much about them as I do. How will you deliver them from ignorance?  It isn't your guns that enslave us either. I have no problem with you owning a gun as long as it isn't rediculous. I'm thinking more along the lines of a few sniper weapons, a mini gun, and a few assault rifles and body armor. Seeing people walking around the streets like that will make me nervous regardless of how well educated you could make me. I'm for gun control, not the elimination of guns or the unrestricted use of guns. I don't want to see either of those sides prevail because they are both flawed in ways.  I do not want them to be.. And no the military of today is to protect the federal government 1st and the people second. There have been cases sighted where judges have thrown out lawsuits against police departments who failed to protect an individual because the police (paraphrasing) "do not have a duty to protect the individual". You are the last stand in defense of your life, liberty, etc. If the government could track criminals that would be one thing but they are not. They are tracking law abiding citizens. Criminals who use guns do not go through legal channels to get guns and therefore the government can not track them. Besides if we put viloent criminals behind bars for as long as we should then this would be a much smaller issue.   The military is in place to protect this country. The government is the leader of this country so I guess you could say it is there for their protection first, but it is also for the people.  We are the last stand to defend our life and liberty but that doesn't mean we need a gun to do it. Guns are more likely to take a persons life and liberty than to allow them to have it IMO. Do you think that the US would have more gun deaths with complete gun control or no gun control? Do you think that people would be more free to feel safe with complete gun control or no gun control? In my view I think that complete gun control helps solve a major problem in crime and it would allow people to feel safer because they wouldn't need to have a gun to protect themselves.  YES, Yes we would have more freedom but less crime (read book of same title "more guns less crime").  I have brought this out so many times... Here we go again....  Suggested reading Unintended Consequences by John Ross  Individuals are more trustworthy than governments this century alone some 170 million people were killed by thier governments. If you research this you will also see that these people for the most part were disarmed. You say well that would never happen here... Just ask the  Bosnians the same question during the olympics in sarejevo then ask them again today... Also do you know why Hitler did not invade Switzerland? It had nothing to do with Switzerland being neutral no.... It was because EVERY SWISS HOUSHOLD IS (STILL TO THIS DAY) REQUIRED TO HAVE A FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUN. There crime rate is lower than ours! Now you have been spoonfed the doom and gloom prophecies of the government and media overlords that less gun control would result in more crime. but no where in history is this the case. In fact it is the opposite! Remember when they raised removed the 55mph speed limit? the doom and gloom fedgov and the media predicted massacres on the highways! Montana which does not have speed limits on certain highways was often cited... Well it never materialized... Do you see yet where I am going with this? People are more trustworthy than governments....  MOLON LABE!  I think you're comparing our government to those who were not that trustworthy to begin with. How many of this 170 million were Americans?  I like the Swiss example which is why I'm against complete gun control. That is a good way to protect our nation if people are allowed to have guns. Still it shows the reality of our country. We have more crime than fully armed countries not because we don't have guns. We have guns and we still have crime and lots of gun deaths. It isn't for lack of guns that this is happening.
 Also do you know why Hitler did not invade Switzerland? It had nothing to do with Switzerland being neutral no.... It was because EVERY SWISS HOUSHOLD IS (STILL TO THIS DAY) REQUIRED TO HAVE A FULLY AUTOMATIC MACHINE GUN."14 per cent of Swiss households have a full-auto weapon in them. (With the 625,000 figure, it is 22 per cent.) This represents a maximum figure since a household could contain more than one soldier." http://www.guncite.com/swissgun.html    You claimed what 14% or 22%?? Are we so out of logical argument that we have to nit pick at these small specifics? My point is outlined in bold above... That they all CAN bring home thier machine guns and KEEP them!  Yeah I accept your claim that those who serve in the military can keep their assault rifles. I have no argument with that. I was just challenging your claim that every Swiss household has an an assault rifle in it.
You must be joking. I'm sure that making a gun is quite a bit more complicated than making a paper airplane.  All the laws in the world won't work, criminals will always be able to get guns. Then why do nations which ban guns have a much lower gun crime rate than the US? If what you say is true then we would expect to see the same amount of gun crime in nations which ban guns as in the US, but we don't.
That's not true. Only 27.2% of Switzerland's households have guns in them.  http://www.handgunfree.org/HFAMain/research/abroad/comparison.htm
Armed to the teeth? If only you had actually looked at the statistics you could have prevented presenting misinformation. Let's see what Lambert, a person who has actually done the research, has to say about this:  All male Swiss citizens between 20 and 50 who are in the army are issued rifles. Roughly 15% of Swiss residents are not citizens, and 20% of the citizens called up do not serve in the army. So, very roughly, that's (50-20)/70*.8*.85 = 15% of the population....In the Encyclopedia of the First World, I found the following information:  Pop of Switzerland: 6,800,000 Average household size: 2.5 Size of Swiss army: 625,000  There are therefore 6,800,000/2.5=2,700,000 households in Switzerland. The percentage of households containing a soldier is at most 625,000/2,700,000=23%. (Possibly less if some households have more than one soldier.)   http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~lambert/guns/archive/international/msg00003.html
Originally posted by kelvin90701  Your tabel counts the private ownership of firearms. The assault rifles kept by militia members are not private firearms.  "....Swiss soldiers and officers keep their personal weapons at home..." This Swiss are armed to the teeth!   Your own quote contradicts you. It refers to the weapons that soldiers keep at home as personal weapons. And anyway only 15% of residents of Switzerland serve in the Swiss Army.
Cool. If the United States just gets rid of 1 of every 5 guns, then upgrades the remaining guns to assault rifles we will be like the Swiss.   Hey, I can do math. According http://www.handgunfree.org/HFAMain/research/abroad/comparison.htm 41% of US households have guns in them. According to Lambert at most 23% of households have assault rifles in them in Switzerland.  1/5 of 41% is 8.2%  So if we take away 8.2% from 41% we get 32.8%. Let's turn all the guns into assault rifles. So 32.8% of American homes would have assault rifles- more than 23% of households in Switzerland having assault rifle.   You'd have to take away close to 1/2 of American guns. You certainly have my vote.
Originally posted by Viking   You can quote statistics 'til your faces turn blue and the other side will still have a statistic that says the opposite.    I bet you think that statistics is just a game. Pro-gunners say that statistics is just a game because they know the statistics prove them wrong. It didn't take me very long to figure that out.   I found this article about the gun ban in Washington DC.  Possession of a handgun or a loaded firearm in one's home has been illegal in the District since 1976... "The mayor's policy is very clear," Mrs. Kellems said. "He does not support abolition of our very strict gun-control laws. Gun ownership is not a means to control crime, and it's not a good thing for the city and its social structure." Ownership or possession of a handgun is a misdemeanor. It carries a penalty of a year in prison and a $1,000 fine. On a second offense, it is a felony, punishable by five years in prison and a $5,000 fine.... "I think it's a real myth that people would be able to arm themselves and avoid being shot," he said. "Chances are very good that they would accidentally shoot themselves or that the gun would find its way into the hands of a child, which is not what we want." http://www.washtimes.com/metro/20030212-71671916.htm  That just shows the problems with letting people own guns. Washington DC has set a good example for the nation. I think I read somewhere that after the gun ban was passed in DC the crime rate went down.
Yes, I was right. This was published in The New England Journal of Medicine.  Restrictive licensing of handguns was associated with a prompt decline in homicides and suicides by firearms in the District of Columbia. No such decline was observed for homicides or suicides in which guns were not used, and no decline was seen in adjacent metropolitan areas where restrictive licensing did not apply. Our data suggest that restrictions on access to guns in the District of Columbia prevented an average of 47 deaths each year after the law was implemented.  http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/325/23/1615  Think of all the lives that gun-control saved in Washington DC.
Kelvin, Your post defies logic. Okay, so there is no connection between a gun and shooting someone. There is also no connection between airplanes and flying. And 2+2=5. (lots of sarcasm)  Of course poverty, unemployment, and lack of education are part of the problem but so are firearms.  -Voice of Reason
According to my article, gun control has saved 47 lives each year in Washington D.C. That's something you can't ignore. Gun-control is like first-aid. It saves lives. http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/325/23/1615  ....Ownership or possession of a handgun [in Washington D.C.] is a misdemeanor. It carries a penalty of a year in prison and a $1,000 fine. On a second offense, it is a felony, punishable by five years in prison and a $5,000 fine.... http://www.washtimes.com/metro/20030212-71671916.htm That's an effective way to deter people from owning guns and make the public safer. The capital of our nation has set a good example for the rest of our nation.
*sigh* Problem is the statistics don't support what you say. Why is the gun crime rate so low in some nations compared to the US? It's because in those nations strict gun-control laws have prevented most criminals from obtaining guns. You can't continue to ignore the statistics.
Wouldn't it be banning alcohol to prevent drunk driving?
I don't think that you're making a valid comparison. Alcohol and guns are two different things. The US repealed prohibition (the 18th amendment) after only 13 years.   Are nations that ban guns thinking of repealing their laws? I don't think so. They know that they have a much lower gun death rate than the US. They look at the US as an example of what happens when you don't have enough gun-control. It might be hard for someone to understand that who has been brainwashed by so much pro-gun propaganda.  As for cars, banning cars would certainly lower the drunk driving rate, but we obviously need cars for transportation. Consequently, nobody is suggesting banning cars.  Cars, guns, and alcohol are all differents things. Viking is just introducing a bunch of irrelevant arguments and trying to confuse people about the issue so that he can advance his own agenda.
Yeah, whatever. Problem is that you can't back up your statements.  Originally posted by Viking   I see you always use gun crime rates as an argument, are you totally uninterested in other types of violent crimes, what happens when all guns are banned and we only have knife crimes? Are you going to suggest banning knives? Have you really solved any problems when the increase in knife crimes totals the decrease in gun crimes?   In Washington DC the decrease in gun deaths did not lead to an increase in knife deaths. There were also no increases in homicides or suicides by other methods, as would be expected if equally lethal means were substituted for handguns. CONCLUSIONS. Restrictive licensing of handguns was associated with a prompt decline in homicides and suicides by firearms in the District of Columbia. No such decline was observed for homicides or suicides in which guns were not used, and no decline was seen in adjacent metropolitan areas where restrictive licensing did not apply. Our data suggest that restrictions on access to guns in the District of Columbia prevented an average of 47 deaths each year after the law was implemented.  http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/325/23/1615
Viking, Can't you back up any of your statements with statistics? You haven't done that yet. You just dismiss my statistics because they don't fit your own biased agenda.
Originally posted by wjim1269  Texas's crime rate went down while Bush was governor. Why? Because Bush got a concealed carry law passed. Now the criminals knew that anyone, anywhere could have a gun, and they thought twice about committing a crime in public.  Also, name one major city that has a crime rate higher than Washington DC's. And before you try, don't say NYC or LA or Chicago or SF, because those will be wrong answers.    It's all very nice that you can say that crime rate in Texas has decreased because of more concealed guns and that the crime rate Washington DC is the highest. However, until you can cite specific statistics and studies that support your point of view and tell me the source for information it really amounts to nothing. I can't just take your word for it.  Both you and Viking have been unable to back up your claims.
In 1995 there were 12,173.5 crimes per 100,000 in DC (page 65) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/Cius_97/95CRIME/95crime2.pdf   In 2001 there were 7,709.6 crimes per 100,000 in DC  (page 77) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_01/01crime2.pdf  That's a big drop in crime.
Kelvin, Apparently, you don't read my posts very carefully. Nowhere did I say that the drop of the general crime rate in DC in the FBI Uniform Crime Report was due to the gun ban. But my New England Journal of Medicine article concluded that the gun ban led to a drop in the homicide rate.   And you should be fair. It doesn't say the drop in the overall crime rate in DC was due to the gun ban in the FBI report, but where in the UK report does it say that the rise in gun crime is due to the gun ban?   -Voice of Reason
The overall crime rate in the UK has been going down since the gun ban. As for Australia, well I bet you read that on some pro-gun website.
Originally posted by Alfaholic  The crime-rate went up in England because of gun control. Take a look.  http://reason.com/0211/fe.jm.gun.shtml  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,59866,00.html  http://www.car-crime.com/crime_rate.htm  http://www.ncpa.org/pi/crime/oct98a.html  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/html/cjusew96/crvs.htm (that ones good, has charts)  It is now a fact that gun control doesn't work. Thank you for leading the way England for showing this. By the way, I'm picking up an AR-15 Thursday. It's gonna be sweet. Can't wait.   That Department of Justice study doesn't support your opinion since it doesn't examine crime statistics after the UK gun ban.   British Crime Survey trends since 1997 indicate:  All crime down 27 per cent   Burglary down 39 per cent   Vehicle thefts down 32 per cent   Violence crime down 26 per cent  http://www.policesupers.com/scripts/currentnews.ASP?news_id=314 Sounds like the UK crime rate has been going down to me. Alfaholic is jumping to conclusions.
If guns are banned in these nations why do they still have crimes with guns? They have very few gun crimes relative to the US. So it appears that the laws are working for the most part.   If guns are banned in these nations why do they still have crimes with guns? Gun haters think banning guns will make criminals stop being criminals. Any time a person defends no limits on a right, the gun hater accuse that person of being unreasonable.  Who is saying that taking away guns will make people stop being criminals? Only the extremists say that there should be no limits for gun ownership.   Gun haters a hate group that attacks rights, then demands that guns be banned and dangerous criminals be allowed out of prison. Who is demanding that dangerous criminals be let out of prison?   What do gun haters want to do?  Simple gun haters want to allow dangerous criminals out of prison onto! Again, who is saying that? You distort what your opponents say because it makes it easier for you to win the argument.
According to data collected from each nation's embassy- "In 1996, handguns were used to murder 2 people in New Zealand, 15 in Japan, 30 in Great Britain, 106 in Canada and 9,390 in the United States."  Would you rather have a lot of gun deaths or only a few? And tell me of a law that is 100% effective. There are traffic laws, but there are still car accidents. Does that mean we shouldn't have any traffic laws? No, not if those traffic laws lead to a reduction in car accidents which they do.   As for the second amendment and whether gun ownership is a right or a priviledge we can discuss later.
Even though your car analogy has already been shown to be wrong, I would like to use it to prove a separate point. If that analogy is wrong then why are you using it?
 Regardless, I used the analogy not to prove any point of mine, but to show a further error in your thinking. Then why did you say, "I would like to use it to prove a separate point." At that time you said you were using it to prove a point.  If you can use the analogy to prove a point then why can't I?
I don't know about you, but I know I could, and I will assume that you could, also.   It really a very simple thing to do. Plans, scaled blueprints and a couple of good books on metlaworking would get you right in business. I think that a realistic number for seting up a shop to turn out your own guns is probably about $1000. This would include a milling machine, a hydraulic press (actually, a 25,000 ton bottle and some steel beams, you would have to put the thig together yourself......it is good practice). This would prety much give you the ability to build your own forged frames and slides. Everything else on most guns can bemilled (hammers, slide locks, safeties, etc...)  I started building my own because I wanted some stuff included that wasn't offered from a manufaturer. I wrtoe a letter to the ATF asking about the legality of building your own gun. They said you can build your own gun, as long as you are not building it for resale, you don't need a permit, serial numbers, or any of that other XXXX. I have sold a couple of guns I have built. According to the ATF, as long as the primary consideration of building the gun is NOT to sell it, you are OK doing this.  I have several dozen handguns I have built myself. It is not worth doing if you are just going to build a 1911 clone or a p228 (these are my 2 favorite guns) to factory specs. If you want to build something "special" though, it is the only way to go. An example:  I just finished a p228 today with a blasted stainless frame. The slide rails (both on the frame and the slide) are graphite imprgnated so you never have to worry about lubrication. Trigger, slide, and hammer are damascus consisting of 1045 steel and nickle sheet. When you etch this, you end up with a dark grey "background" with silver inlays (I prefer either a ladder pattern or amiden hair pattern).  You can't pick something like that up down at your local Gun Den.   People don't think about this kind of thing. They go "that would be far too complicated". This is a load of XXXX. You could set up an operation that turned out 75-100 guns a day for probably 10 grand, and you would only need about 5 guys to staff it.   Just one more reason that gun control won't work........ A very weak argument against gun control. According to that logic the UK should have about as many gun deaths as the US because you say that if people can't legally access guns then they will just make their own guns. But wait a minute, the gun death rate in the UK is much lower.
I don't care if people visit prostitutes. That's their business and banning prostitution would not benefit society.  Guns are a different matter. I can save lives by banning guns thereby benefit society.
"You should be concered about women who use their bodies illegally and the men who use them." -Kelvin  Yeah, well prostitution should be legalized. This comparison reminds me of two old men with obssessions- Hugh Hefner and Charlton Heston. Which person has benefited society more?  Hefner (the founder of Playboy magazine) increased our first amendment freedoms and therefore society benefited.   Heston of the NRA, on the other hand, probably just helped criminals and wackos gain easier access to guns.
Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder   Of course, law abiding citizens should never be able to carry guns. Think about it, if some did then his Marxist icons such as Stalin, Mao, Pot, Minh, etc. would not have been able to murder millions and establish the "peace" that he advocates.   What proof do you have that owning guns will prevent mass murder? Since Australia banned guns the mass murder rate in Australia has dropped to zero. How do you explain that?   ....California Fulbright Fellow Ellen Boneparth found that between 1987 and 1996, 100 people were killed in mass shootings in Australia. But after 1996, when new gun-control laws were enacted after 35 people were killed in the Port Arthur massacre, there has not been one mass killing.... The study, conducted at the University of Sydney, Australia, was based on data collected from the Australian Institute of Criminology. http://www.jointogether.org/gv/news/summaries/reader/0,2061,563110,00.html
The Australian government does not mass murder its citizens. So if you're trying to associate mass murder by the government with gun banning then you're not doing a very good job.   Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  Oh ok, now I understand VOR. Murder is only bad when it happens in mass? I never said that. You're the one who brought up the subject about mass murder and communism.  Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  The truth is that the crime rate (including murder) in Austrailia and England for that matter has INCREASED since the confiscation began.  Wrong. The overall crime rate in the UK has been declining. And gun murders in Australia have also been declining.   Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder   On the other hand, why do you think that Hitler did not invade Switzerland? Because he would have gotten his a** kicked! .  Hitler didn't attack Switzerland because a lot of the Nazi's money was kept in Swiss banks. Switzerland helped Nazi Germany invest and manage its money.  Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  Switzerland has a low murder rate primarily because its one of the last European countries where self defense is not illegal (owning weapons is mandatory). Gun ownership is NOT mandatory in Switzerland. That is pure misinformation. Switzerland also has strict gun-control laws. http://www.korpios.org/resurgent/L-switzerland.htm  Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder Tell me something, if you're honest about your intent (to prevent death) are you also on the front lines to outlaw cars and swimming pools? After all, they kill people too (magnitudes more than firearms).   This is absurd. Cars serve a useful purpose we need them for transportation. It's also kind of hard to ban water. It's impractical.
People swim and drown in water whether it's a lake, an ocean, or a swimming pool. Why ban swimming pools? People will still be able swim and drown in other bodies of water.What should we do? Drain the lakes? How do we drain the ocean? It's impractical. It's an absurd comparison. It's also impractical to ban cars as I've pointed out.  "If it were not the private ownership of guns in 1941, you would be speaking Japanese if you live on the Westcoast, German if you live on the Eastcoast." That's assuming a lot- that's assuming our enemies could defeat our military. And remember we were the first to develop nuclear weapons. Do you think they could have defeated a nation armed with most powerful and destructive weapons in the world?
You are just guessing. Anyway, private ownership of guns did not prevent the Japanese from attacking Pearl Harbor.
"This is from a story recently passed down to me...." http://www.joplinglobe.com/archives/2001/010802/oped/story2.html  So you are basing your opinion on hearsay. Hearsay is not admissible in a court of law. You need more evidence to establish that such a conversation ever took place.
In Sarah Brady's autobiography she is talking about events she experienced herself. Therefore her book is not hearsay. Her book could be used in a court of law.   The person who wrote that letter to the editor about the Japanese Admiral is not talking about events he experienced himself. Therefore it is hearsay. He was just repeating a story he heard. It's not a firsthand source which is what you need.  There are all kinds of false quotes floating around out there so we have to be careful of what we accept as truth.
I realized that Sarah Brady's book is not hearsay, but my post about what she said in her book is hearsay because I actually didn't experience those events. My post could not be used in a court of law. But you can go and read the book to verify the info I posted.
The difference is that Sarah Brady's testimony would be acceptable under oath in a court of law. Ayoob's would not even if Ayoob were under oath.  I'm sure that http://www.armedfemalesofamerica.com/ is a very unbiased website.  And you accuse me of relying too much on the VPC and the Brady website.  There were millions of firsthand witnesses to the holocaust. You only provide one witness (not a firsthand one) about what took place in Japanese meetings as they discussed military strategy. How can you compare the two?
Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  First of all, everything I mentioned IS correct. Crime in Austraila and GB is increasing, in Switzerland it is mandatory for all males serving to be armed and have arms in their homes.   Your first statement about Switzerland was misleading. You said that owning weapons was mandatory. Now you revise that and say it only applies to soldiers. How many Swiss households have a soldier in them? 14% http://www.guncite.com/swissgun.html  The overall crime rate in the UK has fallen by 27% since the handgun ban of 1997 according to the British Crime Survey, the most accurate measure of crime in the UK. http://www.policesupers.com/scripts/currentnews.ASP?news_id=314  Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  You may have to walk a little further, but at least you know you won't die in a car accident. But then again, saving lives is NOT their intent and I just want one honest gun control proponent to admit it. This is complete nonsense. Handgun Control Inc was founded by two victims of gun violence. Sarah Brady's husband received brain damage due to a stray bullet. People who have experienced the horrors of gun violence often support gun-control.
That's true. Bod Menard can testify that is what the Japanese Admiral said to him, but his testimony cannot be used as evidence to establish what the Japanese military strategy was during the war. His testimony can only be used as evidence to show that the Japanese Admiral actually made that statement. http://www.uni-ulm.de/~rturrell/sarobnewhtml/hearsay.html  Read the example about the rain. If your friend tells you it was raining yesterday then you can testify that your friend made such a statement, but your testimony cannot be accepted as proof to establish that it was raining. It can only be accepted as proof to establish that your friend claimed it was raining.
Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  VOR, you need to keep reading further on that link you sent me. That 14% figure is due to the Swiss army being reduced from 625K to 400K. If the 625K figure is used, the percentage of households with full auto weapons jumps to 22%. Also, this figure is only for FULL AUTO weapons. What about semi-auto or single shot weapons?  You're dodging the issue. I was addressing your claim that weapons ownership is mandatory. I'm showing that ownership of weapons is mandatory in only 14% of households because only 14% of Swiss households have a soldier in them. As for the 625K and 400k you said "weapons ownership IS mandatory" so I assumed you were talking about the present day situation and not how it used to be.  Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  Also, concerning what I said about the Nazis not invading, from this same website,  "In World War II, Hitler wanted the Swiss gold reserves and needed free communications and transit through Switzerland to supply Axis forces in the Mediterranean. But when military planners looked at Switzerland's well-armed citizenry, mountainous terrain, and civil defense fortifications, Switzerland lost its appeal as an invasion target."  Also,  "The experience of Swiss history has made national independence and power virtually synonymous with an armed citizenry."  And a few more tidbits... "In a nation of six million people, there are at least two million guns, including 600,00 fully automatic assault rifles, half a million pistols, and numerous machine guns. Virtually every home has a gun" (Now that answers the questions about the inclusion of the non-full auto weapons, so 33% of households have guns) Now you have me confused. First you have a quote that says that "Virtually every home has a gun" then you say 33% of homes have guns.   Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  "Thus, Handgun Control's assertion that all Swiss guns are registered is just plain wrong, and its claim that "Switzerland and Israel strictly control handgun availability" is more than a little inaccurate. "  "Yet the only individuals who are "restricted" from buying handguns are children, the insane and ex-criminals."  you can read at: http://www.asa-training.com/switzerland.html  The link you provide is a link to an article from American Rifleman. So you're getting your info about Switzerland straight from the NRA.  Originally posted by MarxismIsMurder  Now with respect to Ms. Brady. Her father had been shot in the head, obviously she is going to react emotionally. I, like others, am still waiting for her to explain why law abiding citizens should not be allowed to have guns. Also, lets not overlook the fact that she bought her son a shotgun for his birthday. In other words, "Gun control for thee, but not for me"  enough for now... Sarah Brady says that she is not opposed to law-abiding citizens owning guns. She says that she just wants to pass reasonable and sensible gun-control laws.
In recent years, the UK police have begun to record crime more accurately which makes it appear that there has been an increase in crime when that isn't really so. They were under-reporting crime before. http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~lambert/guns/malcolm.html  Also the claim that "Statistics demonstrate that crime rates in Australia have increased substantially since the government there instituted a gun buy-back program in 1997." has been debunked as an urban legend at www.snopes.com which is a website devoted to exposing urban legends.  http://www.snopes.com/science/stats/ausguns.htm
OK, I just want to respond to something a little while back. I rarely post in the gun control debates, but I'm bored.  The whole "cars kill people too, why don't we ban cars?" argument is clearly fallacious. The purpose of a car is not to kill someone/thing with, it is for transportation. If it is misused, it can kill, but as y'all claim, that applies to anything. The key difference with guns is that the primary and really sole purpose of guns is to kill something with. No one carries them for aeshtitic appeal. Is it true some people carry them for defense? Sure, but its defense on the premise that you can kill someone who attacks you, or at least deter them via threat of death. This isn't to take sides in this debate, I don't want to. But I have heard this argument made many times before, and it is getting annoying because it is clearly invalid.
I think y'all are missing the point of the flaws in the "car" analogy. The analogy isn't that anything that risks causing death should be banned, that would be ludicrious. It is that an instrument whose primary purpose is to cause death/injury should be held in higher suspician than otherwise warrented. By saying "cars kill people too," you equate an instrument that can only cause death via misuse or mistake to one which is intended to cause death. I don't contest ones right to self-defense, and don't advocate total abolition of guns in the slightest. I am merely saying that the primary purpose of guns, one which is more dangerous than your average consumer good, merits additional regulation than given to the average consumer good.  One interesting side note: We license people to use cars, provide mandatory training, enforce safety standards ("street-legal" cars), and register who owns what car. Why can't we do this for guns, if the two are so comparable?
I AM interested in how you warrent that claim, Kelvin.
Don't get me started on a contextual debate on what exactly, the 2nd amendment was designed to do.  I hardly think that owning firearms can be put on the same plane, as, say, right to life. It is subject to more limitation than that. You say that the govt. cannot deprieve you of your weapon of choice for self-defense, why a knife but not a gun? But via that logic, why not a bazooka, or a tactical nuclear missile? You can bet that the looters would think twice about looting that house :) . Even the 2nd amendment states that firearms can be regulated, hence, "a WELL-REGULATED MILITIA, being necessary....etc. etc.." The first amendment does say "well regulated speech." It doesn't have the caveats the 2nd amendment does. This demonstrates that it is on a considerably lower plane than the other right.  "Since the Second Amendment. . . applies only to the right of the State to maintain a militia and not to the individual's right to bear arms, there can be no serious claim to any express constitutional right to possess a firearm." -Opinion of the Court, US v. Warin  I STILL Don't see a warrent for why THIS right is God-given. Self-preservation I see, but I don't see the warrent for the addition of "by any means necessary" which your argument seems to imply. The fact that guns can yield political influence makes the argument no stronger. A nuke yields political influence.
Well, I don't favor total confiscation. Assualt Weapon ban, sure. And from my perspective, a handgun works just as well to kill the paroled felon as the semi-automatic rifle.  What you CONSIDER to be on equal planes doesn't make them, by default, on equal planes. If I decide that my right to drive is as precious to me as my right to vote, that doesn't make it so from a general standpoint. You have to provide some sort of general, overarching warrent for why this right is on the equal plane of free speech et al, considering that the constitution seems to afford it secondary status.
All excellent points. What did I say about collective rights in my post however? I merely said that unlike the rest of the constitution, the 2nd amendment is prefaced with "well-regulated," which gives the entire amendment a whole different slant, IE, it opens it up to regulation. Nor did I mention US v. Miller, although no that you bring it up, Miller provides the precedent of banning specific types of handguns (in that case, sawed-off shotguns).  Oh, and I don't know if the 2nd amendment was meant as a check against the federal govt.. It is as likely that it was meant to provide a "back up army", especially when you consider the 1791 Militia Act and the way it dealt with gun ownership.  Oh, and Emerson was one of the most remarkably activist decisions in court history. I guess Stare Decisis means little to our pals in Texas. In terms of circuit court history, though, you have Emerson on one side and then the 7th circuit case of Quilici v. Morton Grove which said that a municipality could ban the possession of any and all hand guns in its district. Both, in my view, are somewhat ludicrious.
Why don't I have a right to drive? What objective standard are you using to determine what I do and do not have a right to do?
With regard to the phrase "well regulated militia", it refers more to the readiness and ability than government authority to dictate what kind of arms the citizenry can possess.  what, are you kidding me? If that is what they meant, they would have said a "well trained militia." "regulated" implies, well, regulation. How is that disputable?  With regards to the need to be able to overthrow an unjust government, this is true to an extent. But it would be much easier if every fifth person owned tactical nukes, and I don't see that advocacy from any pro-gunner. There needs to be a BALANCE, and a balance is all I ask for.  You are also correct about Emerson that basically outlaws sawed off shotguns. Do I agree with this? No. Do I think it sets a bad precedent? Yes. This advances the agenda of those that wish to institute an incremental gun ban.  First of all, you mean Miller, not Emerson. Second, we know just how much traction the gun control movement had in the late 1930s. I mean, it practically was the largest lobbying group in the country right? Hardly. This case wasn't activist in the slightest, it took the words "well-regulated militia," observed that no well-regulated militia uses nor would ever need to use a sawed off shotgun. Hence, the govt. has the power to regulate it. Conservatives have an extremely annoying tendancy to label any court decision they dislike "activist" but half the time it isn't the case. Had the court ruled the other way, they would have created a right to gun ownership irrespective of the express limitations the constitution puts on it. The "creation of new rights" is the most common refrain of conservatives yelling about activism. A reversed decision is far more activist than the current one.  You do not have a right to drive. No one does. Driving is not a right. The state does not owe it to you to give you a license to drive. The activity of driving is a priveldge granted by the state, not a right.  Why is it not a right? Why wasn't that "God given"? What objective standard are you using to say what rights God gave us, and what are regulatable privilidges? I say driving is my God given right, and gun ownership is a priviledge.
In that case, I am awaiting your post on the necessity of legalizing private ownership of tactical nuclear weapons. Otherwise, a balance is certainly needed, and the question is where to draw the line.
Thank you Crim. I think it is quite apparent that Hamilton means that a bunch of drunk, untrained wackos possessing Muskets isn't "well-regulted" either. At the very least, this implies mandatory training courses prior to gun ownership.  Well, liberals have an annoying tendancy to tell us that what isn't in the Constitution really is and that what is there, the Founders didn't mean.  Perhaps, perhaps not. But I am the one saying that the line in the constitution "well-regulated" IS THERE, and it means WELL-REGULATED. You're the one playing semantical games trying to twist the text around, not me.  Even if there were no second amend, the ninth amendment already guarantees my right to keep and bear arms.  If you buy that, then you by extension believe in the whole creation of rights deal that you blasted above ("liberals have an annoying tendancy to tell us that what isn't in the constitution really is") and pretty much say that judicial activism doesn't exist b/c all these rights that are "created" are actually contained within the 9th amendment. Also another annoying tendancy of liberals is to label anyone who disagrees with them as "conservative"  Umm...my apologies. I thought calling a pro-gunner with the SN of "marxismismurder" conservative was a pretty safe bet. You don't see many liberals in that mold.
I see UNTRAINED gun-owners in that light sure. Hence, they need to be trained. Proving my point, this is saying, "this is what I think it is and therefore thats what it means. What the founders meant be damned..."  Well-regulated = Well-regulated. Communitative Property of mathamatics and logic (a=a, or if a=b, then b=a). It has nothing to do with what I or the founders thought. The Constitution is not a living document, it is to be interpreted as it was written.  I don't buy that. I buy the living document stance more. E.G., the government can create an Air Force, despite the fact that the founders never envisioned that, because the constitution adopts to modern circumstances. The ninth amendment states: "The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. " Hamilton was against the Bill of Rights on the grounds that the government could infringe on peoples' rights because they weren't specifically enumerated in the Bill of Rights. Madison put it in there to basically placate Hamilton. Plainly the ninth states that just because a certain right may not be enumerated, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. In other words if there was no second, I still retain the right to keep and bear arms even though it is not specifically enumerated. This is also why I believe the "war on drugs" is unconstitutional and also why I think prostitution should be legal. But thats another subject....  Fair enough. Hence, the right to an abortion, and the right to privacy, and any number of so called activist decisions. I am merely pointing out the hypocrisy of labeling decisions activists b/c they create rights not found in the constitution, yet saying even rights not enumerated in the constitution still exist and need to be protected. Rights are not created, they are inalienable (they are "endowed by their creator..."). The Bill of Rights doesn't grant "rights" to government, only people. What I mentioned about the liberals refers only to government powers not granted by the constitution. The decisions that I label "activist" are those decisions where the court is granting powers to the government that I believe  do not exist. Incidentally, the general welfare clause is another good example of where liberals (and many conservatives, quite frankly) are misinterpreting the constitution.  Great. You believe that "liberal court created right A" doesn't exist. I believe an unlimited right to bear arms doesn't exist. And of course the reverse is true, I believe liberal court right A does exist and you believe the unlimited right to bear arms exists. Who's to say what is activist and what isn't? Who's to say which is a right given by God and what isn't? Where's the objective standard for determination? I believe in a strict interpretation of the Constitution, this makes me neither a liberal or conservative.  Generally that is considered a conservative posiion. If you're willing to accept this, doesn't that in a way contradict the gun control theory of "well regulated militia?" In other words the founders knew the importance of the citizenry militia against encroachments of the goverment, but then gave the government the power to make the encroachments easier by disarming the citizenry?  Because A BALANCE needed to be struck! It doesn't go entirely in either direction. We need to balance the right to revolt against an unjust govt. with the problems created when everyone owns assualt rifles and bazookas and we have no registration. Either extreme presents a problem. Can you point me to any gun control laws of the likes of today that were enacted during the Revolutionary War?   I can come close. 1791 Militia act, mandated registration of firearms. Today modern military assault weapons are M-16s and AK-47s. When the constitution was written modern was a musket.  The next dictator that this country will see will also be using modern military weapons. The militia will need modern military weapns to fight for freedom. If that means nukes, then so be it.  And that just scares me.
I am merely asking for an objective standard to determine what is and is not a "god-given right." And you STILL have yet to provide one.
Originally posted by dsadevil  I am merely asking for an objective standard to determine what is and is not a "god-given right." And you STILL have yet to provide one.   And he has still yet to provide one. If more gun-control means more lives saved then more gun-control means more self preservation.
OK.... Well, that standard doesn't show that gun ownership is a God-given right. I don't know of any animals that own guns. Also I think that I would have a better chance at preserving myself if I lived in a society that had more gun-control. Look at Canada- it has less homicide and less gun violence than the US and more gun-control. So I don't see how gun-control interferes with self-preservation.
Does gun-control violate any basic rights? Let's look at some areas of the US that have very strict gun-control laws. In Morton Grove, Illinois the local leaders decided to pass a law which required residents in their town to turn in their handguns to the police station. Somebody challenged this law in a federal court. The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the law and stated in their ruling that- This appeal concerns the constitutionality of the Village of Morton Grove's Ordinance No. 81-11,[fn1] which prohibits the possession of handguns within the Village's borders.... it seems clear that the right to bear arms is inextricably connected to the preservation of a militia.... the right to keep and bear arms extends only to those arms which are necessary to maintain a well regulated militia.... we conclude that the right to keep and bear handguns is not guaranteed by the second amendment.[fn9] (Quilici v. Village of Morton Grove) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/quilici.htm  Washington D.C. also passed a handgun ban. In 1987 a D.C. court ruled that- After a jury trial, appellant was convicted of carrying a pistol without a license, D.C.Code ' 22-3204 (1981), possession of an unregistered firearm, id. ' 6-2311, and unlawful possession of ammunition, id. ' 6-2361....We now hold that D.C.Code '' 6-2311, 6-2361, and 22-3204 (1981) do not violate the second amendment. We affirm appellant's convictions....We agree with numerous other courts that "the Second Amendment guarantees a collective rather than an individual right."....The purpose of the second amendment is "to preserve the effectiveness and assure the continuation of the state militia.".... Appellant cannot show that possession of a handgun by an individual bears any relationship to the District of Columbia's desire and ability to preserve a well regulated militia.(Sandidge v. United States) http://www.abanet.org/gunviol/cases/sandidge.html
What more recent information? The most recent court ruling about the second amendment is from the 9th circuit court. Somebody challenged California's assault weapons ban and the court ruled the ban is not unconstitutional because there is no individual right to keep and bear arms. (Silveira v. Lockyer)
Ok, so you are aboard an airplane full of people heading to New York or any major city in the United States. Would you be comfortable knowing that someone who wants to crash the plane can legally bring a gun on board, thus making it easier for him to follow through with his plan? Or would you rather make it more difficult for him to hijack the plane? Your choice.
100 people on a plane. There is going to be at least one good citizen in hiding waiting for the right time to put 2 shots to the body and 1 to the head of a terrorist.   Are you willing to take that chance though? I would rather not take the chance and have a terrorist with a boxcutter than one with a gun.
Anyone who wants to legalize bringing a weapon onto a plane is an idiot. Simply stated...  Always Stay Open Minded
Do you or do you not believe in free and good citizens to be able and should be able to take care of themselves. Or do make a special case just for airplanes.  Yes, in fact I do makes a special case for airplanes  Anyone who wants to legalize bringing a weapon onto a plane is an idiot. Simply stated...  Phewww... I was beginning to think that I was the only intelligent one on this gun control thread.
Thats because its not even worth arguing over. Just like its not worth arguing with a Nazi about whether or not Jews are inferior. Its such a stupid position that its not worth any time.   Your view that passengers should carry deadly weapons on board a plane is absolutely retarded. I'm sorry, it just is. I shouldnt be wasting time debating you on this non-issue, but for some odd reason I am.
 In typical concealed firearm states, typical licensing is 1 in 5 citizens, up to 50% depending on geography, and of course much less elsewhere. Citizens who carry religiously are 1 in 20. I used to live in Utah which is a very pro-gun state and according to statistics only about 2% of residents of Utah have a license to carry a concealed weapon so I find your statistics quite hard to believe. There is no good reason to believe that guns makes us safer on the ground so why do you think guns will make us safer on an airplane?
There is a difference between someone being allowed to carry a gun in park and someone being allowed to carry a gun in an airplane.  Then someone with bad intenions along with co-conspirators (possibly) would hijack plane.  Thats because its not even worth arguing over. Just like its not worth arguing with a Nazi about whether or not Jews are inferior. Its such a stupid position that its not worth any time.   - Then why did you make the thread?  Always Stay Open Minded
 - Then why did you make the thread?  I made this thread several days before I decided it was worthless arguing with the people who want deadly weapons in airplanes. So lay off please. Thanks :)
Man oh man, there are two threads spewing this idiotic idea of bringing guns onto planes? Do you guys even realize that if the terrorists really are suicidal that they would be fine with simply crashing the plane? Lets say you have only 3 terrorists on board and they are just casually walking around with their guns like everyone else on the plane. Suddenly one makes a run for it into the cockpit, shoots the pilots, shoots the controls, while the other two are shooting into the crowd. Now the plane is doomed. Or how about if they opened fire into the windows and walls of the plane? That won't be easy to fix. Or what if they simply put a homemade bomb inside one of their guns and blew that up on the plane?  Out numbered 100 to 1 it is my opinion that the terrorist will have the upper hand because he will have planned what he is doing and no one else will be aware of what is happening until it is already done. On a plane, it is especially volatile and everyone seems to be assuming that there will be people everywhere willing to stop a terrorist. My guess is that the terrorist would act when half of them are sleeping and the other half or working or eating. I also would guess that almost none of them would want to have a gun anyways. There are families there who would refuse guns and there would be business people who are content working on laptops, not handling a gun. Lets say that maybe 10% of the people have guns. How hard would it be to assume that half of those would be terrorists and it would basically be a 1 on 1 against people who are unprepared? And how many of those people with guns who are not terrorist will accidentally fire a shot per year? Can you picture it now, a man accidentally shoots a child on board a plane. The child's father shoots the man and other not knowing what is happening shoot the father while others shoot back at the guy who just shot the father. Wow, now that would be exciting! I can't wait to see guns on board a plane.  Now come back to reality people. This idea makes zero sense on a plane. I know for sure there would be a no gun section that would be very extensive to accommodate those who refuse to be anywhere near guns which will be maybe 90% of all people who fly. The only realistic idea that there is would be to give pilots guns and guards on the plane guns. Giving the average person a gun on a freaking plane is absolutely insane.
Zeth,  and someone with good intentions would... stop them.   - Ten terrorists simply get on board a plane and shoot the other three on the plane that have guns. I don't undetstand why someone tries to defend legalizing guns on planes. It would be nice if we could trust everyone but we simply can't because thats life and theres alot of crazy people out there.  Always Stay Open Minded
What is so simple about it? How does terrorist having guns make it simple for them to shoot someone who has one too? How is simple that when a terrorist has a gun that they can suddenly see through clothing to see which passenger is carrying a gun? It is no simple matter to watch your back aboard a plane even if you have a gun. I assure you the good citizen is not going to play fair when they are dealing with terrorist. They are going to attack from concealment and from behind.  First off lets assume that if you are allowed to bring guns on board, then the terrorist will be wearing bullet proof vests just for protection. Also they will have the additional help from being organized and having a plan. They will likely have more ammo, they will likely have better guns, they will likely be better trained, they will likely be more willing to use them, and they will be more willing to die than the common person on the plane. All this will work towards their advantage. Plus they may not even want to know who has a gun. Maybe they will take the policy of shoot first and ask questions later. If they want to 9/11 the plane into a building, what do they care if everyone on board is dead already? So your theory that average citizens will defeat the terrorists is a hope. Maybe a 50/50 chance?  Even if it is a 90/10 chance of victory the risks are still too great. Right now if terrorists took another plane, do you think they would have any better odds than this? I think at this time people would be willing to go hand to hand with terrorists or hand to knife or hand to gun. The terrorists won't have a huge supply of ammo if they were to get a gun on board, they would likely have weak guns compared to what they would have with your idea, they would be lightly armored if at all, they would maybe have knives but the average person will have an ink pen that is a good substitute for one in that sort of situation, and I don't think any terrorist is going to even want to risk going up against 30 or 40 angry passengers as long as they are basically unarmed. I'd say we have a system in place right now and passengers on board planes right now that will solve the terrorist threat for the most part.  It is not about your trust. It is about freemen allowed to control thier own destiny. Lack of trust is not a good enough reason to restrict someones rights. You must be able to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt before you start to take rights away from a person.  For you its about that. Are you more important than anyone else who will be on the plane? How many people on the plane will have their family with them including kids? Will they be able to be as care free about guns being on the plane as you seemingly are? I bet your thinking that every single person feels comfortable around guns, right? I bet you think that guns are everyone's passion and they would all love to bring one on board a plane because it truly makes them feel safe. I'd love to see a study done on this because the numbers would be against you in a bad way. But I'm sure you don't care. You just have this insane idea that makes no sense and since you consider yourself and people like you more important than the vast majority, you feel your ideas are perfect and without flaws. Fine, you go tell some Joe Blow business man to get on a plane with 30 guys stroking guns. Tell a few elderly people to bring guns with them when they get on the plane. Ask children to bring Gun Bingo along with them as they name the guns they see being carried freely around the plane. Does this all sound reasonable to you? I'm sure it does!  "Crazy" is not a good enough reason to restrict a persons rights. Only 1 group of people have thier rights automatically taken away: convicted criminals.  Convicted criminals only? Hey lets assume your on a plane with your family, assuming you have one. Lets say a person with a clean criminal record is sitting behind you with his gun aimed squarely at your kid or father or whatever. What will you do about this? How about if he starts acting a little crazy and starts waving it around as his eyes roll back in his head and you hear him chant something about being Satan's chosen one? You still alright? He starts sweating and gripping the gun tighter and fingers the trigger. His eyes are getting wider and wider as his pupils dilate. I bet your thinking ah, the sweet feeling of complete safety. *Bang*  Oh, but this won't happen to you though, right? It will happen to someone else, so why should you be concerned? Let the crazy and suicidal bring guns on board as well.  You want to debate that this could happen without guns on a plane? Fine, be my guest. I doubt you will be able to find one case of it.  The legally insane and spouse batters also get their rights taken away. The insane after a judge declares them insane. Wife abusers only after a judge says so. NEVER before.  Sweet. Lets also not try to discriminate against the Arabs walking onto the plane in a huge pack with about 5 guns each, full body armor, and their last will and testament at their sides. Or you could try to be a little more realistic if you feel the need to.
remember that well trained terrorist that are willing to die are an expensive and limited resource. The terrorists don't have the time or money to waste on 10% chances. If the terrorists DID fight all their battles with only 10% chance of winning, then they will exhaust their resources very quickly.  From a strategic point of view, they would be better suited to committing their resources to more successful.   Oh, and a group of Muslims in full battle gear won't get on a plane either way. Terrorists have to blend in until the moment they strike. If their attack is detected before they spring into action, its chances of success are minimized. Likewise, John Q "gun toting" Public gets to conceal the fact that he's packing heat on the airplane until the right moment (assuming he maintains presence of mind), so a conspicuous set of attackers is an advantage to the Good-Doers  Also remember that Americans are a limited and valued resource. If the terrorists succeeded 10% of the time, they would kill a whole lot more of us than we did them. Do you debate this?  Would you debate that terrorist could easily be more successful than this? If we allow people to walk onto planes with guns, how will we check for explosives? How about checking for any chemicals? The terrorist could be very resourceful when giving such as wide range of things to work.  You have to look to Kelvin's debate if you wish to argue whether fully armed terrorists could get on a plane. He doesn't want to discriminate against crazy people and those certainly qualify as crazy. Also you claim that they would have limited chance of success if detected. I would debate that John Q won't be on that plane after he sees the apparent terrorists boarding it and calmly taking their seats without anyone stopping them. I would say those terrorist will be the most successful rather than the least. Please debate Kelvin if you don't like the idea of this happening.
What is so simple about it? How does terrorist having guns make it simple for them to shoot someone who has one too? How is simple that when a terrorist has a gun that they can suddenly see through clothing to see which passenger is carrying a gun? It is no simple matter to watch your back aboard a plane even if you have a gun. I assure you the good citizen is not going to play fair when they are dealing with terrorist. They are going to attack from concealment and from behind.  Nor is the terroist going to play fair. Would you like a strategic layout of how a terrorist would do it. Ten prepared and trained terrorists are going to be able to hijack a plane vs. three or four civilians.  Would you feel secure knowing people around you had guns. I wouldn't if I was in a store much less an airplane.  The planes are buisness and their regulations for security of its customers are good. For what reason does one have to carry a gun on a plane??   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Dhard,  Since gun haters like to play the what if game. What if a law abiding citizen had a ccw and took out the terrorist before they crashed the planes into the WTC?   What if the terrorists had guns? Trained terrorists who have been planning the attack for years, ready and willing to take down the plane.    Kelvin,  What a shame. So many people have died to secure your 2nd Amendment rights and you trade them away.   Should we allow bombs on a plane as well?  For what reason does one need a gun on a plane?  Surely its obvious to you that this poses far more threats than securities. Don't be stubborn.     Always Stay Open Minded
The decision to actively take your own personal defense and destiny in your own hands is a very personal decision.   Its another thing to allow guns and put thousands of people in danger. If you want to decide your own destiny don't do it at others expense.  Is it obvious that if we trade away our freedom, the terrorist have already won?   Should people be allowed to carry bombs on as well?  Montalban,  Airplanes didn't exist. This was before the word terrorism existed. None of the founding fathers had something this extreme in mind.  Should people be allowed to carry bombs on as well?   Always Stay Open Minded
You don't really seem to undestand that its a risk to national security...  Should we be allowed to carry rocket launchers? Assault rifles? Gernades? C4?
When the founding fathers put   "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  Planes were not invented. Airport security was never an issue. There were no such terrorists or threats are there is today to our national security. This is not what they meant.  Besides even if the government did allow planes to make the rules such as that no airline would allow guns on a plane. They would be bankrupt in less than 3 months.  Also for what reason does one have to carry a gun on a plane?  Wow 2 times you've avoided my question.  Should people be allowed to carry assault rifles on planes? How about gernades or rocket launchers? C4 ok too?
What do you think of Sarah Brady transfering a firearm to her son? An act she is trying to stop, that she has called the "gun show loophole"?   The who?? The what? The where?  For the same reason I carry a gun after dark to the supermarket.    Wow....  You completely ignored my commentary on the 2nd Ammendment and other weapon question that I'd like to see your answer to...
These matters have been decided by Supreme Court Justices. Not logical, OK. The justices have much more experience with freedom than you do.  "There is, obviously, no simple answer to these questions. Many people assume that logic is the basic tool of the judicial decision. But Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes stated, "the life of the law has not been logic; it has been experience." - Holmes, The Common Law 1 (1938).  You don't even have the right to free speech. When you have experinced freedoms enjoyed in this country similiar to our own in the USA. Come back and give us a call.  You're funny to listen to sometimes. You will defend the constitution to the death in some posts while in this post you act like it would be fine with you if people just went around it.  So do you still defend the 2nd amendment? Do you still think that it should be followed to the letter? Or do you think that experience has shown us why the 2nd amendment cannot be followed to the letter?
I agree with you AMD... I go for the "the constitution is NOT a living document" and attempts to apply modern language or other outside the realm of constitutionality to circumvent it is tatamount to treason. :)  How far do you go with this? Should the government apply all of the constitution to private companies as well? Should people have the right to bear arms on an airplane or should the airliners get to determine whether they let passengers do this or not?
Alright, I agree with your stance on this at least. Much better than Kelvins idea that guns not only can be brought onto planes but should be brought onto planes.  Do you think that the constitution should be open to change if it is the will of the government or the people to do so? For instance, if through a democratic process the people of the US showed that they 2nd Amendment needs to be modified, should it be allowed?
Did the people on the gun free airplanes on 9/11 die a gentler kinder deaths because there were no guns on the airplanes?   What was the ratio of law abiding citizens to terrorist? At least 10 to 1?  How about this question gun haters. Was it easier to kill 3000 people with 2 airplanes then guns?  What are airplanes built to be used for? I guess on 9/11 they were used to kill at least 3000 law abiding citizens.  Will the airlines be held accountable for allowing their property to be used to kill people?  Just answer the questions gun haters!  Question, is Rev. HellH0und now a gun hater as well because he doesn't want guns on airplanes unless the airlines choose to allow them on?
Did the people on the gun free airplanes on 9/11 die a gentler kinder deaths because there were no guns on the airplanes?   What was the ratio of law abiding citizens to terrorist? At least 10 to 1?  How about this question gun haters. Was it easier to kill 3000 people with 2 airplanes then guns?  What are airplanes built to be used for? I guess on 9/11 they were used to kill at least 3000 law abiding citizens.  Will the airlines be held accountable for allowing their property to be used to kill people?  Just answer the questions gun haters!  Question, is Rev. HellH0und now a gun hater as well because he doesn't want guns on airplanes unless the airlines choose to allow them on?
We could get like 90 posts a day if we kept going back and forth like this. But instead I'll answer your questions and see if you are honorable enough to answer mine.  Did the people on the gun free airplanes on 9/11 die a gentler kinder deaths because there were no guns on the airplanes?  Nope  What was the ratio of law abiding citizens to terrorist? At least 10 to 1?  Sounds about right  How about this question gun haters. Was it easier to kill 3000 people with 2 airplanes then guns?  Much easier with airplanes.  What are airplanes built to be used for? I guess on 9/11 they were used to kill at least 3000 law abiding citizens.  Built for transportation. Yes they were used to kill almost 3000 law abiding citizens on 9/11  Will the airlines be held accountable for allowing their property to be used to kill people?  Doubtful because they really had little to do with what happened.  Just answer the questions gun haters!  Alright I answered them with a smile on my face :)  Now will you answer my question, is Rev. HellH0und now a gun hater as well, in your opinion, because he doesn't want guns on airplanes unless the airlines choose to allow them on?
I CAN REMAIN SILENT NO LONGER.   Let me start by saying that I am an airline pilot. There are people right now that are allowed to carry firearms aboard commercial aircraft, if they have the proper documentation. HOWEVER, as pilots...we have veto power. If i don't like the way you look at me when you hand me your FS508 form, I will ask you to leave my airplane. It ultimately is the captains decision, but if I as the first officer object, you will get off my airplane. Let me also state, I am a gun lover! I own 3 rifles, a shotgun, and revolver, and a pistol. I value my rights as an American to carry my gun, but please don't tell me you stand behind the constitution to win this arguement for you. Yes, it does give us the right to bear arms, but times have changed, and the wording has not. Should the government be able to take my guns? NO! Should I have to register my guns into a government database? NO! Should I have the right to get a permit and carry it in MOST places. YES! Should i be allowed to cary a gun on a plane, in a school, in a government building, in your home if you object? NOT ONLY NO, BUT NO! Think on this. The FAA (in their infinate wisdom...gee I hope the FSDO is looking!) decides to let everyone with a weapons permit to carry on a gun. So I have 37 armed people sitting behind me. The bulkhead doors within an aircraft are not bulletproof. Suppose while you are duking it out with Mr. Hijacker you put a round through me and one through my captain? Now your screwed, the aircraft will crash, you all die. A weapons permit does not make you a "good shot", and it is unthinkable to say that everyone who starts blasting away will only hit Mr. Hijacker. Ok, second. I am sure many of you have flown before. You guys remember the little safety lecture? "In the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure an oxygen mask will deploy from the ceiling...secure the mask over your nose and mouth...blah blah blah." What do you think the loss of cabin pressure comes from. A HOLE IN THE FREAKING AIRCRAFT XXXXX. Aircraft are pressurized inside, meaning that the pressure inside the aircraft is greater than the pressure outside the aircraft. If it was not, we would take off with live people and land (or crash) with a plane full of dead people. A bullet, creating a hole in a window, or the skin (pressure vessel), will cause something known as rapid decompression. Does anyone remember the United flight that had to make an emergency landing in Hawaii? A small crack in the fuselage was present, caused a large section of the aircraft to structurally fail, and several people were sucked out. This flight was extremely lucky to even have the chance to land. Many times, when an aircraft rapidly depressurizes, it becomes structurally damaged to the point it is no longer aerodynamic (does not fly) or is no longer able to be controlled (cannot be flown). Either case...now your screwed, the aircraft will crash, you all die. Suppose someone accidently shoots into the wing or through the floor of the aircraft while slugging it out with Mr. Hijacker. Assuming that the aircraft does not depressurize...what about the 1000's of gallons of jet fuel in the tanks. (most fuel thanks are in the wings and some aircraft have fuselage tanks) So now the plane blows up...now your screwed, the aircraft will crash, you all die. I agree with one question I keep seeing in this post...WHAT NEED DO YOU HAVE TO CARRY A GUN ON A PLANE ANYWAY? Would guns on aircraft have prevented 9/11? Probably not, because the terrorists would then have guns too. If you were to allow guns on airplanes now, you would be arming the terrorist with deadly weapons, that not only could kill you, could take the plane down by themselves...and still kill you anyway. This will never happen, nor should it ever be seriously considered. It will make it much harder to hijack a plane with a boxcutter or nail file, especially in todays climate. I think we all now know that terrorists don't hijack planes to cuba anymore, and I think that the public is going to be much more empowered to act in the face of a threat to an aircraft. This has actually occurred several times since 9/11, anyone remember that shoebomber guy? Last, and most important, almost all of the other pilots that I know feel the same way I do about this, and not one of them will fly an aircraft with armed passengers other than Federal Air Marshalls or Law Enforcement officials authorized to carry them FOR A REASON. If the general public is ever allowed to carry guns on board a commercial aircraft, they will do so. However, it would be quicker to take the bus, because there will be no pilots willing to fly them. WE PILOTS DEAL WITH ENOUGH DANGERS UP THERE, WE DON'T NEED TO WORRY ABOUT AN AIRCRAFT OF ARMED HILLBILLIES WITH GLOCKS KILLING US BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT THE MAN WHO STOOD UP TO GET SOMETHING OUT OF HIS CARRY-ON WAS ACTUALLY HABIB Q. TERRORIST.
Once again we get the gun hater what if game.  I am a gun lover! I own 3 rifles, a shotgun, and revolver, and a pistol. I value my rights as an American to carry my gun  He is a self proclaimed gun lover. He even lists the guns he owns. How can he possibly be a gun hater?  Hey gun hater! What if a terrorist or airline pilot that has gone postal hijacks a plane and is threatening to kill all on the plane. What if a person with a gun drops the terrorist or airline pilot that has gone postal with one bullet and saves the airplane. If the gun haters are going to play what if games please have the backbone to play what if in all scenarios! By the way his is why I do not play the what if game. To be fair a person using the what if bs must do it to come out in favor of both sides of the issue. Oh and since you what if the negative side I do not need to repeat that for you.  I think the response to your what if scenario has already been listed. What if a bullet hits the pilots? What if a bullet goes through the floor or a window? What if a bullet hits the jet fuel? This are legitimate concerns wouldn't you agree? Isn't it hypocritical that you haven't listed the concerns of the 'gun haters' in any of your posts yet you demand that those opposing you list your concerns?  I think the best solution for the topic of having guns on a plane is to let the pilots and trained guards have guns on board to defend against a terrorist attack. This way the terrorist would still have the task of trying to sneak a gun on board just to have a chance at all and of course he would have to face off against trained professionals in order to take the plane. I think this would stop a vast majority of all hijackings as well as prevent any dangerous criminals from taking a gun onto a plane.  Would guns have prevented 9/11. You said you guess not because the terrorist would have had them. Just which state is issuing ccw's to terrorist?  Like we debated earlier, you don't know who is and who isn't dangerous until they reveal themselves. How will the state know if it is issuing a CCW to a terrorist or a model citizen?  Once more gun hater did the gun free zones at schools prevent the columbine killings? How many laws did the criminals at columbine violate?  Do you support guns in schools? What age limits should there be?
Debating an ***** is never as much fun as debating an intelligent person...but here goes. If you feel the need to call me a gun hater...hmmm...what can i call you?  Hey gun hater!   Hey *****...i like guns, i own guns, i believe in my right to carry a gun...nuff said.  What if a terrorist or airline pilot that has gone postal hijacks a plane and is threatening to kill all on the plane.   Hey *****...he would still be easier to deal with if he has a sharpened pen rather than a 40 cal.  Would guns have prevented 9/11. You said you guess not because the terrorist would have had them. Just which state is issuing ccw's to terrorist?    Hey *****...we will never truely know the answer to this, but I doubt that they would have prevented it. And it is completely feasable to believe that if the terrorists were able to apply for pilots licenses and get them, why could they not get a weapons permit. A pilots license requires application to the Federal Aviation Administration and The Department of Transportation. I know that they did this just like everyone else. (the examiner that flight tested me for my private pilots license and my instrument rating gave flight tests to several of the terrorists) How hard is it to get a weapons permit? Not very hard, a little money, fill out a form, send it in, wait for your permit. Even if they were not issued a permit, I could make you one on my computer in about 5 minutes.  Oh and yes I was waiting for the gun hater to claim they had guns. This can be compared to the racist that would claim they are not racist because they have black friends, but they still want them there racist laws!   Hey *****...I am neither a gun hater nor a racist. Your argument is irrational and invalid. I believe very strongly in my right to own a gun, and I also believe in the equality of man...even ******.   I defended the airlines right to deny people to carry guns on the planes. It is called private property. I just stated once a business or person(such as an airline pilot)denies you the ability to defend yourself that business or person is responsible for your safety. The courts have ruled the airlines and port authority can be held responsible for the people killed on 9/11    Hey *****...good for you. But think about one thing my little *****, If a terrorist were to carry a gun on a plane because the airline allows guns on board and did not know he was a terrorist; he takes it over, and crashes it...are the airlines not then responsible for that too? If citizens carry guns on board an aircraft because the airline says it is ok, and they kill someone accidentaly while shooting it out with a terrorist, the airline would still be responsible for the death because they allowed the gun to be carried aboard the aircraft. What if they accidentally bring the plane down while shooting at a terrorist like I said, then the airline that allowed that gun on board is still responsible. It is a catch .22 (little joke there). You cannot have it both ways. Asking any rational, non-***** will yeild you the same result, there is far more danger with guns on board than if they are not on board. Are you saying that you and six friends (or strangers sitting around you on the plane) would not fight or wrestle with a terrorist? It has been done since 9/11, and it worked. Oh yeah *****...you have the right to not get on my plane in the first place if I deny you your right to carry a gun on board. So if you get on board without your gun, YOU are responsible. There are other means of transportation...like you own car. In your case, I would recommend the car, even if going to Europe.  Once more gun hater did the gun free zones at schools prevent the columbine killings?    Hey *****...no, they did not. But is the answer to take down the gun free zones...and just allow kids to carry guns to school? Sure, both Columbine and 9/11 caught us with our pants around our ankles, but we need to learn from these lessons...and in many respects we have. We have improved security, better bomb detection, better screeners, and more security on the aircraft itself.   Hey *****...grow up. I am not trying to infringe upon your right to carry a firearm, just not on my plane. And unless you are a Federal Air Marshall or a criminal, you will NEVER do so on any commercial flight originating or entering the United States.
When I was in school there were shooting clubs at school. Guns could be brought to school for show and tell. Kids also went hunting after school. No one complained about guns on school grounds.   How old are you? And when you were in school, were seemingly normal kids snapping all of the sudden and taking guns to school and killing their classmates? Times have changed dip$#!^. WAKE UP. It would certainly be nice if we could still do this, but we can't. I went hunting after school too, I just stopped to get my gun at my house before i went hunting. WOW, a couple minutes of inconvenience...woe is me. This is not the 1950's anymore. Kids have in the past brought guns to school with the intention of killing others, and they will do so in the future. Let's not make it easy for a kid to kill other innocent kids.
One more thought...you little *****...Is your gun going to stop a "terrorist" who legally purchases a gun, gets a weapons permit legally, and carries it aboard a plane legally from pulling it out quietly in his seat and shooting a hole in the aircraft and bringing it down before you even see him. NO! Your gun would be just another useless piece of metal found on the ground by the NTSB. Even if you know everyone who has a gun on a plane, do you know their intentions? NO. A terrorist is not just some Arab who is here illegally, they can be your neighbor, friend, or even family members. John Q. terrorist. I am a US citizen, I have a weapons permit, and if the government allowed me to carry a gun on board, I COULD do so legally. (not that i would) This makes your "what if" about you shooting me with one shot and killing me before I can do any harm a moot point. I could happen, are you willing to take the risk? YES or NO? If you answer yes, you are a bigger ***** than i thought. If you answer no, you admit that it is safer to not allow ANYONE to carry a gun on board. If you don't answer, you prove that I have made a valid point and you don't have the ***** to admit you might have actually learned something. Maybe you should take the train or the bus.
yeah but using that logic remember that pilot who was screaming ALLAH AKBAR! as he (THE PILOT) crashed the plane full of people...  Even if everyone had a gun the pilot could still do this.  Or the muslim gi who lobbed a grenade into his gi buddies tent...  Everyone did have a gun here and it still happened.  OR this chaplain in gitmo who was caught with secret documents....  This is US stupidity. We allowed Muslims to have a say in that person being there. Guns will not prevent stupidity.  fedgov agents are not the answer to your personal saftey.....  In certain situations they can be. I can't say that I would feel safer if red necks with guns were on a plane with me. I actually would find it unlikely that we would be safer if people were able to bring guns onto a plane. It does open up more security issues and if I were a pilot I would have to demand that all aircraft that I fly have protected areas for myself if guns are onboard. This would cost a great deal of money to change and I don't think that the common person would even support this. However, having 'fedgov agents' onboard is more acceptable for everyone involved.   Or that ranger who killed his family after he got back from the og gulf war?  Guns will not prevent nervous breakdowns either.  pesky non-pilot civilians don't have a monopoly of being out of control...  Even you agree that airlines should have a right to choose whether people can bring guns on board so obviously the airlines do have the civilians in this monopoly if you believe it as such. Still I wouldn't say that civilians are completely helpless on planes. It isn't like they are chained down on planes, although that would solve the terrorist threat :)
You miss my point. I was making the point that civilians do not have the monopoly on horrendeous behavior and that our exalted leaders and thier agents are not immune from such behavior. They are no different than you or me.  My point was to show that even if everyone had guns they still would have been completely helpless in all those situations.  Rednecks? Do you mean poor country people?  My brother is a redneck by his own definition. Along with other 'redneck' traits, he is so comfortable around a gun that he sometimes forgets that other people are not comfortable around a gun. He actually points it at people as a joke while it is loaded. That is insane but he doesn't understand that. I don't feel safe or comfortable around people like that and I'm sure you will find people like that who are more than willing to take guns onto planes if allowed to do so.  I am more comfortable around so called rednecks who have had guns ALL THIER LIVES and VIEW THEM AS TOOLS than I am around some cherry trooper looking for his first "collar".....  Would you be comfortable around my brother? He really isn't that experienced with guns and he isn't a real thinking person when it comes to what the consequences of certain actions are. Even if you would feel comfortable around him, would you feel comfortable on a plane with your family around him?  look at the shooting statistics... It is rare in so called redneck areas to be a victim of a shooting while it is almost 100% more likley that you would be a victim of a shooting in a cosmopolitan area such as D.C.  I'm really not as worried about being shot as I am worried that my brother will accidentally shoot someone. On a crowded plane I can see people accidentally bumping into each other and someone who was joking around with their gun will pull the trigger and kill someone. I worry about that more than someone using a gun in violence on a plane.  Point is is that homicidal maniacs do not need a gun to do their dirty work.... it is the maniac not the tool you should conentrate on.. I will give you a litte MA advice... someone points a gun at you don't stare at the gun it is inanimate... look at the criminals hand elbow shoulder and his whole self. If he is going to pull that trigger this is your only hope for (unlikley but must be tried) evasion. Do understand what I am saying?  I'm afraid I don't understand what your saying here. I was saying how a crazy person with a gun isn't likely to be stopped when he catches people by surprise, especially his own family. Repealing gun control laws isn't going to prevent this from happening.  What your asking here is that people be trained to understand how to tell when a person is going to pull the trigger. That may be beneficial to know if confronted with a gun, but how many people will actually understand this at the time a gun is in their face and how likely is evasion assuming you are dealing with someone who just came back from fighting in a war?  Yes its the airlines choice and my choice on whether I fly it. They failed before do I CHOOSE to let them fail me again or do I choose an airline that would allow me to defend myself...  They will fail again regardless as to whether guns are on board or not. Eventually someone will bring a bomb onboard a plane and use that or maybe a chemical gas. Guns will not prevent failure. The best way to prevent failure would be to take away all the rights of the passengers and make them sit naked and tied down. Even then you have the risk of pilot error. You will not be able to prevent failure no matter what is done. You only wish to have the illusion of safety because you have gun. My illusion of safety is that we live in America and because of that we are safer on an airplane than anywhere else you could possibly be at the time.  I might be coming around to your idea that gun control doesn't work but I don't like the idea of guns on planes at all. I really cannot see a real advantage while the risks are everywhere. Just not a good risk-reward scenario.
No offense but your brother is an XXX. I understand now a little you fear of guns as any normal human being would be. But the problem is not the gun. The problem is your brother. YOU DO NOT POINT A WEAPON LOADED OR OTHERWISE AT ANYONE. He needs a good beatdown or at least a menacing arrest. He is atypical of most gun owners and most gun owners would come down much harder on your brother than apparently you have. Zero tolerance for such dangerous behavior... Remember that YOU are in control not this fool... I am sure however he would only misbehave like that once... There are laws against "menacing".  I suspect that there are laws against what he does with that gun and he probably is atypical, but seeing him make me question whether the average person can simply be trusted to have a gun.  His behavior is from ignorance and like I said before he has already broken laws that YOU could do something about.  Heh, well its a political problem then. I don't think I would hear the end of it if I was to turn in my own brother for breaking this law. But that is my problem to deal with.  As for the plane, don't you think that the fact that it is crowded could on occasion cause a gun to go off when it isn't supposed to? I think this would be especially true if large enough guns were allowed on the plane as they are clumsier.  Nor is a full on gun ban going to prevent him from finding another tool for the same purpose.  So basically there is no solution for it. It cannot be used to bolster either sides point. I just seen that you seemed to be using it as a defense for why gun control should be eliminated and I didn't understand how that could be.  You can chose preparedness of laziness that is your choice. Do not get me wrong evasion is all but impossible no matter what every yahoo in blackbelt magazine tells you. But at the moment of impending doom you have the choice of victim or resitor. The point is is the XXXXX that is threatening you with a weapon would do so no matter what tool he had in his hands and his intent is not to ask you for directions. What tool would you prefer in this situation? a cell phone to call 911 or a 13 round H&K USP 40. If you have just your hands then wouldn't you have wished you had trained yourself to respond to this situation..  A gun of course but I would also rather the other person have a knife than a gun. I would also rather they have a hand gun than a silenced sniper rifle. I would also like for the police to have records of that person owning that gun so that if he did succeed he would be hunted down. Also I do suspect that if a person wants to kill you he will do so when your guard is down so although a gun would be nice to have this isn't always going to be an option.  Your illusion of saftey is just that an illusion. ONLY YOU CAN DETERMINE YOUR OWN SAFTEY. An illusion is a lie. And a lie will get you killed.  The illusion of safety is the same with a gun. You can feel safer although you may not actually be any safer. It is just a matter of your mindset.  I understand that and may agree with you to an extent. Just as if I had a bar I would have a no gun policy as alcohol+XXXXXX like your brother=no good. But it is the private companies choice to make NOT the governments.  Do you think that any airlines would actually allow people to bring guns on their planes? My suspicion would be that few, if any would even consider this much less allow it. There are just too many risks and too many lives at stake. Planes are already so safe that they are the safest form of transportation in our country. I don't think they would want to risk this by adding guns to the mix when there is already a system in place that is extremely effective.
DHARD3006. You are hopeless. You scare me...and I'm sure you scare the majority of people. I will not address any more postings to you, as you do not want to debate, only call people GUN HATER and RACIST and say that we want to ban your right to bear arms. I don't want anyone to ban my right to bear arms...period. If you cannot listen to logic, or even debate a point from the other side INTELLIGENTLY, then you do not belong here. You are irrational, paranoid, and completely devoid of common sense or inteligence. I think I'm going to the range now. emoticon_xbye
The officer who shot scumbag James davis's killer in NYC fired up into a crowded balcony of panicked sheeple at 50 feet... 5 shots fired 5 shots center mass... These what ifs are useless... What if a herd of charging rhinos flew out my but and trampled a schoolbus full of nuns?   That is the most unconvincing thing I've heard you say yet. The what ifs are useless? Lives are at stake and you don't want to hear about what ifs? Are you saying that you would just implement something like this without asking what if? Frankly, that is just insane and I have a feeling that you know it doesn't make sense not to ask what if. You would at least want to do a test with people walking around a crowded area with loaded paintball guns just to see what would happen. If the probability of a gun going off accidently on a plane is likely enough that it will occur more than once per year, then I would debate that it has already become more of a threat than hijacking it today.  Look at dhards posts... His brash style aside he is right on when you look at it logically.. 9/11 no guns look what happened.. Columbine... Gun free school zone... bo guns allowed... What happened..... and on and on and on.. When will you say ENOUGH! and start determining your own destiny?  You already made the argument against this by showing what things happen even when there are guns.  The Gun is a tool, I am the weapon. That is the mantra. I have no illusions of saftey with a gun. I know what I can and can not do with this tool and would deploy it as I see neccessary.  As long as neither sides have safety then this cannot support either side of the argument either.  I don't know, nor is it really an issue at hand. Airlone owners may agree with you that is thier choice and it is my choice if I want to utilize thier services.  Just wanted to see what you thought about that possibility. Here we are arguing it and I really don't know if anyone would even consider such an idea. It sounds way too risky to me especially if gun control laws are dropped.
Your using extremist logic. I am not sayin all what ifs in all cases are bad. I am saying here the what if game is pointless her. For every doom and gloom scenario you can imagine I can come up with an equally ridiculous puppies and wildflowers scenarion for the same topic.  OK, as long as you weren't trying to say that what ifs were unnecessary.  More importantly what are you going to do about your ignorant brother?  I've already told him if he points that thing at me again I will rip it to pieces the second he leaves it alone. If someone ends up turning him in, fine, he deserves it. I'm not going to be the one to do it though not just because it would cause a rift in the family, but I also don't want to test his stability emoticon_frazzled
Gun hater pilot cannot win an argument so now gun hater pilot is going to take his computer and go home!  What if gun hater pilot respected peoples right?  What if all gun hater respected peoples right?  The only thing wrong with gun hater pilot playing the what if game is gun hater pilot will always what if the bad scenarios. Gun hater pilot will never what if a good scenario with a gun because gun hater pilot wants to ban guns!  Do not forget gun hater pilot thinks unarmed people die a kinder gentler death!  The only thing is gun haters like criminals do not respect peoples rights!  Gun haters have this desire to make anybody they cannot brow beat into compromising out to be "irrational, paranoid, and completely devoid of common sense or inteligence. " they have to do this.   Remember gun hater pilots logic is to disarm law enforcement officers just because gun hater pilot racially profiles them and does not like their appearance!   I think you pretty much proved my point for me, thanks.
What did you state? Anybody can be a felon so we need to suspect everybody? Or something like that. What is the definition of paranoid? A fear of everything.  I say everybody can live their lives until they harm or kill another person. So gun hater pilot without violating some ones rights how do you do this? I think people like gun hater pilot should be strip searched every time gun hater pilots wants to get on a airplane simply because gun hater pilot could be a terrorist. This would not be based on knowledge of gun hater pilots intent, it would be simply based on gun hater pilots appearance. Hell gun hater pilot may be drunk!   Gun hater pilots states treat all people as criminals.  Which is a better world?  Gun haters pilot paranoid world or a world where everyone is treated with respect?  I said: Everyone has the POTENTIAL (again...note the word potential) to be a felon. The point I was making was that we cannot tell who is law abiding and who is not. Therefore, we should not allow anyone to carry a gun on a plane, because these people may either be law abiding or not. If restricting all people from carrying a gun on an airplane is treating people as criminals to you, too bad. I consider it making everyone on the plane safer. And apparently, so does the TSA, FAA, FBI, CIA, etc... I never said to treat everyone as a criminal. You again have put words in my mouth. I am sent through a metal detector, my bags go through x-ray, and if in any question, I am hand searched. It is the same for everyone flying. Again, if this is what you consider threating people like criminals. Anyone could be a terrorist. Remember, the 9/11 terrorists got on the planes lawfully. If the big point still eludes you , then perhaps you should give up on this debate.
How about shopping malls and petty theft? Should people be searched before the leave a shopping mall, because we can not tell who is a thief and who is not? How about rapist? Should we arrest all men because they have the potential to be rapist? Both actions will make the community safer. "And apparently, so does the TSA, FAA, FBI, CIA, etc... " CIA? That is the first I have heard of it?   So what if "terrorist" get aboard a plane? So what if they do? What have they done? Have they done anything before that was illegal? If terrorist get aboard a plane, do not do anything, and just get off at the destination. Then they are not really terrorist are they?  The law is used for punishment AFTER an act, NEVER before. If terrorist consipre and get in this country to commit an act. Then the root cause is not guns, you got deeper problems.  CIA: Central Intelligence Agency.  Malls have security. Those little things attached to packages that make alarms go off when you take something from the store without paying for it. Perhaps you have heard of this. I never said arrest someone for having the potential to commit a crime. I said that since everyone has the potential to commit a crime, and we cannot distinguish between those who will and those who will not, we should not allow anyone to carry a gun on an airplane for this reason. This has nothing to do with letting John Q. Terrorist get on a plane. He might get on a plane, who cares...however he will do so without a gun. The arguement here kelvin is that DHARD thinks anyone with a CCW should be able to carry a gun on a plane. It has nothing to do with arresting someone because we think they are a terrorist or they might commit a crime. It is simply, should people be allowed to take a gun on a plane. I do not think guns are a problem in this country. But a terrorist on a plane with a gun could very well be a problem. So my answer, and apparently the way the majority of people see it, is to not allow ANY guns on planes (suprisingly: the way it is currently). If you want to chime in, understand the arguement first.
CIA? When did they recommend a public policy. It is thier policy not to deal with internal civil policy.  It has everything to do with arrest.  Arrest = the removal of your rights.  Gun ban = the removal of your rights.  The CIA gathers intel from around the world in order to affect our policy both at home and abroad. Their intel filters down to influence policy made by others. Perhaps I should have used DHS or NSA, but again, you people always focus on the wrong thing and avoid the real issue.   arrest: v. 1. To stop; check. 2. To seize and hold by legal authority. 3. To capture; engage: ie. arrested my attention ---n. 1. The act of detaining in legal custody. 2. The state of being so detained: under arrest .   and come to think of it, when you get arrested they read you your rights! :)   Gun Ban = a bad idea proposed by extremists who think illegalization will stop all or most gun related crimes. This will never happen, and is unconstitutional.   Common sense gun CONTROL laws = Laws desired by the majority of Americans calling for common sense measures (ie. background checks for firearms purchase, the prohibition of guns in certain areas; such as airports and planes, schools, federal buildings, some workplaces, bars, etc.)   Total repeal of all gun laws = a bad idea proposed by extremists who think having no gun laws will help reduce crime and protect people. This will never happen either, and would be unconstitutional.
Notice not one of the common sense gun control laws gun hater pilot is demanding is to punish dangerous criminals by keeping them in prison to keep guns away from them!   Keeping prisoners in jail is not gun control, it is prisoner control.   Criminals will not obey the so called common sense gun control laws gun hater pilot wants!   One more time: At the airport they have no choice. Nobody can carry a gun onto a plane. You do know that there are ways of screening for guns, don't you?  Hey gun hater pilot why do they send up fighter aircraft now when a plane straws off course? I guess unarmed law abiding citizens being shot out of the sky by a USA fighter is more gun hater common sense gun control logic!   That makes no sense. Am I familiar with intercept procedure and reason...yes. What does this have to do with taking guns on a plane or gun control?
Which will help solve the "problem with criminals getting guns" oh so much more than the 20,000 laws on guns we have today. Which one protected the kids at colimbine? which ones?   True. Keeping prisoners in jail does prevent them from getting guns and using them to rob the local 7-11. This much is obvious. But agsin, it is not a measure of gun control. This is prisoner control resulting in crime prevention.   The "gun free school zone" laws obviously did not help anyone at Columbine. Proper enforcement of these laws probably would have though, and this is what we need. Enforcement of the laws.   Yes, in tests they have gotten guns, knives, explosives past the screeners, this is very true. But if you just simply allow everyone to carry a gun, then you allow the terrorists to be armed as well. I would rather that we find 99% of the weapons before they go on the plane, than to know that anyone intent on doing harm can carry a weapon on with the proper credentials. Wouldn't you?  STOP RELYING ON THE GOVERNMENT TO PROTECT YOU!    Then who am I to rely on, I sit in the cockpit remember? Am I to just assume you will be there? Am I to assume that every flight I take there are law abiding citizens on board who are porperly trained in the use of a firearm, willing to shoot it out with a terrorist? Suppose the only one that gets on my flight with a gun that day is the terrorist. That would make it fairly one sided in my opinion. That is very dangerous assumption.   You can't make the connection? Plane gets hijacked.. tangos have guns (which were smuggled past that holy grail called the TSA... Air Force comes up and shoots you down....GAME OVER.... STANDING ORDERS.    Could happen.  Second scenario... Some (3) passengers have guns Kills tangos... 1 civillian not involved killed in crossfire 10 are injured. 200+ saved on plane countless on ground....   Could happen.  Third scenario...Some (3) "tangos" have guns...kill armed law abiding citizen passenger. Lose 1 tango in the process. By my math, 2 tangos left. 0 armed law abiding citizen passengers. 1 hijacked aircraft now on approach at JFK veers off coarse, and takes out the next big landmark, 200 on plane dead, thousands killed on ground.   Could happen. The fact here is that we could argue scenarios to death with the same result. Could happen. Of coarse the best is your scenario (#2), the worst is mine. But look at the probabilty factor. If we screen all passengers, the probability is very low that any of these will happen. If we allow firearms to be carried on, the probability of these scenarios increases exponentially. It is a simple matter of risk assessment. The idea is to make it as risk free as possible. It will never be 100% risk free.   And does anyone see the irony that the policies I am defending are the current policies in place? Someone other than me must have thought them up, and some group of people must have reviewed all the options and decided that this was the safest course of action. Until we have a safer policy, these are the ones that we will use. I am more than willing to give up my civil right to carry a gun on an airplane if it makes it safer for my family, myself, and those around me. I am sure the majority of Americans are willing to do the same.
 It has been shown that even today in screener tests that the screeners  KNEW were coming that agents posing as terrorists smuggled.... guns, grenades, bombs etc RIGHT PAST THE SCREENERS! (all where deactivated obviously)  I haven't heard of anyone smuggling a gun on a plane. Anyway according to your logic, prisons should be abolished because some criminals have managed to escape from prison. What good are prisons if criminals can escape from them? Let's just let all the criminals run free.   Screeners do a great deal of good just like prisons. You don't just trash something because it's not 100% effective.
I agree. Gun laws that are no 100% effective or even down right poor are no concern to me. It is the gun laws that violate my rights are a concern to me.  You as a gun advocate SHOULD be concerned with the gun laws that are poor and make no sense. These are the laws that need to be changed, adjusted, or more importantly just enforced. And what gun laws violate your rights? If there is a law preventing you from taking a gun into a school, then you do not have the right to take a gun into the school. You cannot have violated what you do not have. Laws are written to support, defend, modify, or even supress elements of the constitution in order to apply it to modern day america.
NOT 100% effective... They did an exercise, they were told the who, what, where, and when.. AND THEY STILL FAILED! I am not saying abolish it... But I AM saying not to rely on it to keep you alive. That responsibility (ask ANY combat vet) is ultimatly up to one person.... can you guess who?  Let me get this straight. You don't trust something that isn't 100% effective to keep you alive? Isn't it strange then that you trust a gun to keep you alive if it isn't 100% effective? Guns can jam and fail to fire, they can run out of bullets, they can be off on their target, and of course they cannot protect you from other guns. They are far from 100% effective. Mix the reality of guns with people and you lower their effectiveness even more because people can be ineffective in their use of the weapon and may use them at the wrong time or with the wrong intention. This will lower the effectiveness of your method well below the effectiveness of the current screener method. So why do you trust your method to keep you alive if it is not 100% effective?
EXTREMIST LOGIC!!!! can you guys please be more rational? Follow me..  Are you actually able to keep a straight face when screaming "EXTREMIST LOGIC"? In case you are wondering, the people you are yelling that at are the ones who are sticking to conventional logic and conventional methods. You are the one who is looking to make radical changes and because of that you are going to have to use extremist logic to help justify your reasoning which of course you have. Just the basic idea that guns on planes will make it safer is very extreme logic.  This was an example of a specific situation. The gun is a tool I am the weapon. NOTHING is %100 but I would like to be in control of my own destiny.... not some low paid government agent from the "take XXXX away agency" AKA the TSA...  You are not in control of your own destiny even with a gun. As I showed in my last post, guns fail and I'll add to that by saying people are unpredictable. Because people are unpredictable and guns fail, you are probably less in control of your own destiny on a plane with guns than you are on a plane that doesn't allow guns and has screeners.  No low paid government agent controls your destiny either. They are simply going to play a small part in making sure no weapons are on board a plane. They are not literally in charge of anyones destiny! So I don't follow your logic here at all.  Also your rights Guns can not protect you from other guns... however GUNS+TRAINING=EDGE... Meaning that I who choose to be the master of my own destiny who is on the side of righteousness and truth have and continue to train myself in armed and unarmed combat.. I keep my self in peak shape. I eat healthy, and I am aware of my surroundings... I can hit a target at minimum 3 times the distance that even the average UN soldier can hit. I am the master of my destiny.... Are you of yours?  Gun rights can protect you from other guns. They can make sure those guns are in the hands of responsible people and help to ensure that guns only get into certain places. So far it has been 100% effective in my case :)  Once again, a gun doesn't make you the master of your own destiny. You may even be fighting on the side of what is right and true but that doesn't mean that guns are right and true. As you stated earlier, guns are a tool, you are the one who controls that tool. Would you proclaim that total gun freedom is right and true and that gun control is not right or true? Remember now, guns are just a tool :)  Your gun firing ability does not make you master of your destiny. If you were to be shot from behind, you would already be dead. Your ability wouldn't save you. So to claim that you are master of your own destiny just shows how far out there you are in your beliefs that guns are the answer to problems.
Gun control laws demanded by the gun haters are only obeyed by the law abiding citizens!  The only people the gun haters want to disarm are the law abiding citizens. Gun hater pilot has stated gun hater piloted would disarm law enforcement officers based on how they looked at gun hater pilot!   Not one demand from the gun haters to solve the problem of crimes by criminals and terrorist is to deal withe the criminals or terrorist!  Every demand from the gun haters is to attack the right of the law abiding citizens to bear arms!  So when the gun haters deny a person the right to defend themselves they should be responsible for the person safety. When the gun haters fail to protect the unarmed law abiding citizens they should be held accountable!   Criminally and financially!  Hey DHARD, could you please make a logical arguement if you want to continue your posting on this thread. You spout off the same illogical banter in every post, and it is getting to the point where I just want to avoid even reading them...because i know what they say already. A debate is a fluid thing...we make a point, argue/defend, and move on. Your gun hater slogans may make sense to you, but to logical people on this thread they are really nothing more than illogical rantings. Calling me a gun hater shows your level of ignorance in this world. I have said that I am a gun owner. I have said that I shoot these guns. I have said that I carry my pistol with me (concealed with a ccw) quite often. You may chose to think I am making this up in some grand gesture to win your hearts so I can change your minds. Well, you are entitled to your belief, I really don't care. Just do me a favor, COME UP WITH A VALID ARGUEMENT FOR YOUR POSITION. Don't just keep spouting off your pointless XXXX telling everyone else what I, your so called gun hater pilot, want to do. If you think I just want to disarm law abiding citizens then you need to go back and reread the posts I have put up. If you think I don't want to address criminals and terrorists, you are an *****. You never did understand what I was saying about a pilots authority to kick someone off an airplane. It was not about me being prejudice about someone bringing a gun on my plane. Maybe you need to go back and reread some more. It was an example, but you continue to shout that with just about every post. The whole point pretty much is that as a pilot, I can tell someone to get off my plane. I would probably never do that to a law enforcement officer with the proper paperwork, I would however do this to ordinary citizens with guns if the law was ever changed to accomodate you. Almost every pilot I know has said they would do the same thing. Either that, or we would all walk off the airplanes, and you would not be able to fly anyway. I really find it quite funny that I am defending the current policy and you are trying (although not logically) to agrue for the opposite. I may not agree with kelvin and rev either, but they actually argue with some degree of intelligence. They know how to present an opinion, argue it, back it up with facts, and most importantly the listen and respond to other peoples opinions. If you want to debate...then debate. If you want to continue to call people gun haters and tell other people our so called agenda, you might as well stop posting. As of now, you have no credibility with me, and I bet that a lot of logical people, no matter what side of the debate they are on, would feel the same way.
Your "conventional logic and methods" disarm law abiding citizens. You are the one being irrational due to your phobia about guns. My radical changes are to go back to what the constitution says. Show me an example where the ban on machine guns has saved one life?   Even if I am irrational I am still part of the conventional logic. You should realize that you are the extremist here and not everyone who is arguing you.  Show me an example where allowing guns on planes will save lives. It is just theoretical. I could prove to you that the elimination of all guns will save lives by simply subtracting all gun deaths from our national total of deaths per year. That would theoretically work except the fact that more knife murders may occur then and perhaps guns will be brought in illegally to murder people. I can answer the question you are asking but you will simply be able to show how my answer is just theoretical just as your response would be. This would be pointless.  You don't have to tell me this... but I am in control of my own destiny even if I fail. I choose to show my teeth you give them your belly... Who is willing to die standing and who is living on thier knees?  Your teeth can fail and my belly can succeed, it just depends on the situation. There are situations where I'll be more in control of my destiny without a gun and you corner yourself and lost complete control of your destiny because of your gun. It is situational. You could just as easily die on your knees while I walk away. You can't just assume that a gun puts you in a better position as you seem to be doing. I'll admit that it will often come in handy although I doubt you will ever admit that it could work against you.  When they refuse you the right of self defense and pilots don't allow individuals on because of a "dirty look" They in effect are in control of your destiny... HOWEVER. I choos to fly with these XXXXXX and allow the fedgov to search me like a common criminal... But I will not stand down and sit idle and hope others will come to my resue in the event of a disaster....  Who is they? The low paid government workers control you destiny because they won't allow you to look dirty at pilots? The pilots control your destiny more by flying the plane than they do by not allowing guns on it! I suppose in the case of disaster you will push the pilot out of the way and fly the plane? Oops, your logic just failed.  I am a much more deadly weapon unarmed than armed... As I would be in much more fear of my life and would more likley resort to deadly force in defense of myself and others...   Of course you are and so is everyone else. This doesn't give you any advantage as long as everyone else is armed. It could even put you at more of a disadvantage if the group opposing you is coordinated against you and you do not know it.  You mean gun control not gun rights don't you? And no gun control laws have not been 100% effective in your case... Your brother has almost killed you on how many occasions? Which gun law protected you there?  Gun rights work just fine as they stand today. You call it complete gun control but there are gun rights as well. They work well hand in hand as it stands. I see no problem right now.  My brother is the proof that gun control is necessary. I don't see how you think that he is evidence that there should be no gun control at all.  I AM THE MASTER OF MY OWN DESTINY! AS A FREEMAN ON THE SIDE OF RIGHTEOUSNESS AND TRUTH I FORGE MY OWN PATH THROUGH THIS LIFE AND I AM ULTIMATLY RESPONSIBLE FOR BOTH MY ACTIONS AND INACTIONS!  Guns are a tool and I control the tool... If I fail and am killed I will know that I did everything I could to protect myself and my family... If the criminal is the only one with the tool and I don't Who's hands is my destiny in?   Someone points a gun at you whos life is your hands in.. I for one would like to have the score evened...  Once again, you are not the master of your own destiny. If you were then you would be in complete control which of course you are not regardless as to whether you have a gun or not. Your actions may even prove to be responsible for something that isn't righteous or true.  Guns are a tool that can fail. You have to realize that. You are also possible of failure because of a gun. This again shows that you are not the master of your own destiny.  I'd debate that if the criminal wants to kill you then you are already dead. My friend is a black belt and awesome in karate. I could beat him in a hand to hand fight if he was unsuspecting enough. If he doesn't anticipate my criminal intentions then he would lose. The same would go for you if a criminal was to attack you while you were unaware of his intentions. Again, proof that you are not the masters of your own destiny.  A gun being aimed at you may not even give you time to draw your own gun before you are dead especially if you don't see it coming or you are outnumbered. A gun can get you killed just as it can save you. Guess what this shows?  I do not believe guns are the answer to my problems... Just another tool for dealing with the realities of life.. Your extremist logic is portrayed here as viewing my stance as an all or nothing stance... As one well trained in armed and unarmed combat techniques and as a vet from GW1. I know oh so much better than you the reality of combat as demonstrated by your lax attitude regarding your life....  You believe guns are the key to controlling your destiny and this is of course false, you just don't realize it. I never suspected that you were this blinded by the power of a gun until now and I have to begin to question some of the stuff you have said in previous posts. If you believe a gun is the ultimate answer to controlling your destiny then you are blinded by your love of guns and cannot rationally debate them. I can see why you also think that conventional logic is extremist logic. You don't think like a conventional person would and you therefore see everyone who disagrees with you as using logic that doesn't seem realistic and therefore is extreme. To each his own I guess as I cannot even begin to believe that I can show you my point of view if you believe that I am an extremist and you believe that guns are the controller of destiny.
Your "conventional logic and methods" disarm law abiding citizens. You are the one being irrational due to your phobia about guns. My radical changes are to go back to what the constitution says. Show me an example where the ban on machine guns has saved one life?  Yes, at an airport they do disarm the law abiding citizen. They also prevent criminals from carry dangerous weapons aboard an aircraft. I think that the majority of law abiding citizens (which most law abiding citizens do not carry guns by the way) understand that this is a measure enacted for safety. I wonder if people would feel safe knowing anyone is able to carry a gun onto a plane (law abiding citizen and criminal), or that we are screening for weapons and attemting to ensure that none pass through. And as far as that machine gun ban saving lives, that is a pointless question. If it has saved lives, we would really never know, think about that.  When they refuse you the right of self defense and pilots don't allow individuals on because of a "dirty look" They in effect are in control of your destiny... HOWEVER. I choos to fly with these XXXXXX and allow the fedgov to search me like a common criminal... But I will not stand down and sit idle and hope others will come to my resue in the event of a disaster....  The dirty look thing is really getting old, I have explained that several times and I will not do so again. I would not refuse the law abiding citizen with a gun based on how he looks at me, I would simply refuse the law abiding citizen with a gun. There is a difference. Again, most other pilots that I know have said they would do the same thing. If a law was enacted allowing citizens to carry guns on board planes, the majority of pilots would be on strike so fast, the airline industry would grind to a halt. And if you feel so strongly about you convictions, why would you go against them and fly on a plane unarmed? Seems you would be better off not flying at all.  I am a much more deadly weapon unarmed than armed... As I would be in much more fear of my life and would more likley resort to deadly force in defense of myself and others...   Then why would you need a gun on a plane? This is the point. You can defend yourself without one, and 100 unarmed passengers against 3 unarmed terrorists kinda puts the odds in your favor.   Your brother has almost killed you on how many occasions? Which gun law protected you there?  Gun laws do not prevent stupidity. They do however provide a penalty for stupidity with guns. Seems like common sense would handle this problem. Take his guns and lock them up if he cannot handle them responsibly. He is the kind of person that would accidentally kill someone with a gun and thereby make some flower toting liberal say "oh my god, guns are so dangerous...let's get rid of them all!" Don't be part of the problem by allowing him to be an idiot. Take them, hide them, lock them up.   Guns are a tool and I control the tool... If I fail and am killed I will know that I did everything I could to protect myself and my family... If the criminal is the only one with the tool and I don't Who's hands is my destiny in?   You said above that your destiny is in your hands even if you fail, you said that you are a weapon even without your gun.   Someone points a gun at you whos life is your hands in.. I for one would like to have the score evened...  That is what they are trying to do by verifying that nobody carries a gun on board. They may be disarming the law abiding citizens, but they disarm the criminals as well.
Interesting how gun hater pilots logic is to ban the right of law abiding Americans to bear arms!  Typical gun hater logic.  Criminals kill people so gun haters like gun hater pilot want to pass gun control laws that only law abiding citizens obey!  I guess gun hater pilot would call this common sense gun control!  Ban the right of law abiding American to bear arms while allowing dangerous criminal to remain free!  Oh and yes gun hater pilot you did state you would ban a law enforcement officer the right to carry their gun onto your airplane even if they had the proper paperwork. Gun hater piloted stated that this would be based solely on how the law enforcement officer looked at gun hater pilot!  Thanks, I think you just proved my previous post.
Gun hater logic.  Terrorist use guns to hijack airplanes. Gun hater solution ban anybody from carrying guns onto a airplane. Result terrorist used the next available item allowed (box cutters) on the airplanes to hijack the airplanes and fly them into the WTC.   Gun hater logic, more searches and check points and add box cutters to the list of not allowed items on a airplane. Results a business brought to it's knees and the next time terrorist want to hijack a airplane they will simply use the next available items allowed on airplane to hijack all of the unarmed law abiding citizens.  Once again when gun haters and the government deny people the right to defend themselves the gun haters and government should be held responsible if the unarmed people are killed!  Why not instead of posting gun hater arguement, why don't you present YOUR arguement. Do you have one, or do you just want to call people gun hater all day?   And what next available items? Pencils? Pens? What? Remember, if the terrorists can carry it, so can we. The 9/11 terrorists were able to legally carry boxcutters on board. They have a what, 1 inch blade? Are you aware that the law abiding citizen was allowed to carry up to a 4 inch blade on a plane on the morning of 9/11? This did not prevent anything, but the laws did allow weapons to be brought aboard the planes, the planes were taken over, and the terrorist used them to kill 3000+. I would think that any rational American learned a lesson against allowing obviously dangerous weapons on a plane. You said this before, it made no sense then, it still makes no sense. It is an invalid arguement.
What?!?!? The Nazis were irrational and were the "conevtional logic" of the time!  Conventional to their small group. I'm sure you have a small group of people who also believe your logic is what is conventional. The Nazi logic ended up affecting the world therefore you have to judge their sense of logic against that of the world in which case they were extremists.  All through the 70's pilots were permited to carry guns on planes... in the 40's anyone could.... how many deaths? 0  This is out of the context of today. How many terrorists were using planes as weapons back then? How many people are getting killed on planes today? The situation has changed therefore what worked in the past will not necessarily work today.  your extermist slim view is most frustrating. Did you even read my last post? I am the weapon, My gun, my rifle, my fists and my boots are tools How would I ever corner myself and "loose control" simply because I would carry a gun? This is extremist logic.. You seem to think I would go nuts and get myself killed simply for carrying a gun... Well I turn this around on you.. You are a phsycopathic civil rights violator who is willing to put me in harms way for your ideology. You are essentially violating the 14th amendment by denying me my civil rights. You have shown your propesnity for the absurd and it is YOU who should be regulated.  Of course I read your last post. I'm not under the assumption that every life threatening event will end in death although you seem to be. The majority of the time you will be just fine if you cooperate with the criminal although resisting him may result in death. You could easily lose control of your fate simply by pulling your gun at the wrong time or having it be seen by the wrong person. That is conventional logic. You seem to think that I will simply get killed because I don't have a gun. I don't know why you assume this but you do so have at it. I'd rather have a gun than be unarmed but I'm not going to be so blind as to believe that without a gun I will die and with a gun I am in control. I cannot see why you think this way and it is most frustrating to me.  They is the federal government and civil right vilolator extremists like yourself who are more worried about me and my 2nd amendment rights than his VERY OWN LIFE when it comes to the scenarios you have put YOURSELF in.  The federal government is now an extremist as well? This went from a single person being an extremist to the entire government in a matter of moments? Shesh, no wonder you want anarchy.  In case of disaster a monkey with headphones on could land a plane... Don't believe the pilot hype that planes are hard to fly.... XXXX I could talk you down by reading the instructions on the internet.....  I didn't ask who could land the plane. You said that "But I will not stand down and sit idle and hope others will come to my rescue in the event of a disaster" and I asked if in the case of a plane disaster if you would begin to pilot the plane. I wanted to know if you are willing to depend on the pilot or not in the case of a disaster as this would defeat your stated opinion.  Even more extreme. I am not for a 100% armed society I am for the choice... most likley (number pulled out of air) 15% will carry... But it will deter the criminal element from violent crimes as they have a 15 in 100 chance of being shot if they attack somebody.   Besides I train in 3 man tactical scenarios all the time...  It may deter but it still doesn't mean that you are in total charge just because you have a gun.  You train for this but you have to admit that even a single person could defeat you if they wanted to and there is really nothing you could do about it. The extremist government would actually have the best chance of protecting you if someone was out to get you.  How many crimes did the 1994 assault weapons ban stop? How many gangstas attacked people by bayonet charge? (one of the things the AWB made illegal) WHY DO POLICE AND THE FEDGOV get these very weapons that are supposed to be "bad"? How many legal gun owners have killed innocents? How many cops and fedgov agents killed? look at Waco.... 75 percent of ATF casualties were from "friendly fire" they killed all those people all over a $200 tax? And don't give me that "he thought he was jeezus and he has sec with lots of women"... So did clinton. And WTF were tax agents doin there if that was what it was about?  Remember 170 million killed by governments this last century alone....  lol, if you want to debate statistics I have to do no more than point out how many gun deaths the US has per year already to debate that guns are not going to save lives. If you want to end gun deaths you can eliminate the guns and in the US that saves a lot of lives on paper.  No you brother is proof that you are a sheep... Made to lick the bootheels of your fedgov masters... While you hope and pray for them to save you from the one day your brother kills you or someone you love...  Wow, that whole statement there makes you look really intelligent. Good job trying to stay on target here instead of using ad hominem arguments.  Don't legislate YOUR stupidity on law abiding citizens like myself. Comparing me to your brother is an insult and your bigotry is now well noted. If your predjuces (based on one case) can't allow you to see the whole picture I can no longer say I care. Your attempts at making me a criminal by violating the constitution all for the sake of your personal well being is selfish and narrow sighted.   lol, to follow up your last paragraph you now show that you are unwilling to read before responding. I never compared you to my brother so I hope you will do the right thing and retract this entire paragraph.  You are whats wrong with this country...   Oh I am? I thought criminals were what was wrong with this country :)  Would you make these same arguments at an NRA meeting?  Why, would you?  You as a sheep simply do not understand.  I don't understand? Are you sure that you believe that having a gun means you have complete control over your destiny? lol, talk about not understanding :)  Round and round... Of course guns can fail... people can fail.... hammers can fail... But I am willing to die trying. YOU won't even stand up for yourself... You have rolled onto your back and shown your belly already! And when that day your brother kills your sister/mother/family member what will you say at the funeral... what will the eulogy be? "I knew my brother was out of control, I only wish I could have enacted more gun control laws in time!"  Pitiful  There you go again. You love the idea that guns kill and you are so sure that they will kill. I can't believe you support guns at all with how much killing you say that they do.  Karate for the most part is whats at the mall.. USELESS! CQB, Stamina drills, Boxing/kickbocing and Brazillian Jiusitsu (my opinion of course) but thats another subject..  Your theme is well noted.... "Might as well give up cause they will probably win anyways!"  Pitiful  Nah karate is beneficial in my opinion. You do improve your strength and stamina as well as becoming more disciplined and confident in yourself. Plus you get the added ability of being able to protect yourself in a hand to hand combat and even help prevent injury in a major fall. I think the benefits of karate are almost endless but your right, this is another topic.  My theme is that you are wrong in your assumption that you are in complete control as long as you have a gun. If someone wanted to kill you then you are already dead. So yes you will always be open for defeat even if you have a gun. The knowledge and weapon doesn't hurt to have but it doesn't make you in complete control of your destiny. I hope you realize that.  Your solution? Stand there and get shot... My solution... Look for all posibillities and act decisevly... (I would not pull my gun if one were that close to my head)  You?  Pitiful  lol, my solution is your solution, not to pull a gun if one were close to my head. At least we agree on something :) But again my point was that you are not going to be in complete control of your destiny just because you have a gun. If someone gets the jump on you then it doesn't matter if you have a gun or not. Your destiny will be in their hands. I just want to make you see this.  OH FOR THE LOVE OF G-D! I AM THE MASTER OF MY OWN DESTINY! I do not carry a gun it is not allowed in my "state". I am in no less control than when I someday will be able to.. You are projecting a stance I simply do not have. If you are looking for an excuse to "bow out" with your belly shown just go as this display of victimhood turns my stomache and makes me want to weep for my countrymen.  Well I still fail to understand what you mean by you are the master of your own destiny. Do you really know what destiny even is? Of course your stance is as I've stated and I only am quoting what you have stated in your posts. If your stance is otherwise then why do you keep repeating it the same way?  lol victimhood? I'd rather be a victim than a corpse. I have a feeling that in the case of an actual crime you would be more likely to be a corpse than I would be. You would create a problem without the need to do so by bringing guns into a tense situation while I would try to diffuse the situation. So who is more likely to walk away, you or me? You just sound like you're out to cause trouble.   I'm proud of this country and am glad to see that the majority is sensible in their wants. I don't believe that you are trying to be sensible and nor do you seem to be asking for something that is in the interest of this nation. You just seem to want to have your way and I don't know what your intentions are if you were to get your way but I for one would be suspicious of them.
In case of disaster a monkey with headphones on could land a plane... Don't believe the pilot hype that planes are hard to fly.... XXXX I could talk you down by reading the instructions on the internet.....   Ya think so? Boy, think of it, all that training and I could have just had someone read me the instructions! All the money I could have saved, all the time! I would give you about a 1 in 50 chance if getting it on the ground (note I said ground, not even runway) without killing someone. I would give you about a 1 in 100 chance of getting it on the ground without bending it. Man, I wish I could take you up in a 76, let you sit in my seat, and try to talk you through a landing. That is one of the dumbest things I ever heard. There is a little more to it than push forward, trees get bigger, pull back they get smaller! Pull back too much, they get bigger in a hurry! I would also love to see you fly just a simulator in IMC (in the clouds, no outside visual reference). I would try to talk you down, but as you came spinning out of the sky I don't think I would have time. What's the weather like over in fantasy land today?
Show me the statistics on your first point.  lol, if you have to ask then the point is already lost on you.  Of the disproportionate number of rape victims I have had come through one of my unarmed combat classes the majority were told to not to resist. You know what... They were raped 100% of the time. These women sought out a way to protect themselves so that it would never happen again. To them some things are much worse than death. If your brother killed someone you loved and shot you within an inch of your life I would bet my arsenal your opinion to be "a good doggie" and roll to show your tummy and XXXX yourself would change... Either that or you would break down. That my friend is reality.  What percent of those who resisted are now dead? That is exactly the point. You encourage resistance but won't admit that resistance has its disadvantages! Also you must be assuming that your arsenal would be an option at all if you were attacked. Reality would be that the criminal is looking to accomplish something with minimal difficulty and making as clean of a get away as possible. You would make both impossible and therefore people would of course get hurt. That is reality.  knowing I may be killed, Knowing that I may be killed no matter what I do. I choose to say no to being the victim. I refuse to die on my knees. I refuse to let this criminal be 100% in control. This is how I am (or my students) are the masters of my/thier destiny.  That still doesn't make you master of your destiny. If you have no control then you are not master of your destiny. You can refuse to die on your knees but that doesn't prevent death from coming to you. Therefore the criminal would be 100% in control. You can try and convince yourself that you are in control just because you refuse to get on your knees but that doesn't mean that you are in control at all.  Most of these women when they joined have told me they would kill themselves before they would let it happen again. Now they make a similar comment but the killing part is on a slightly different "subject".   I congratulate them for their willingness to die to protect themselves. That takes a lot of guts to do but that still doesn't make them master of their destiny. I'd also encourage them to learn some karate to go along with weapons skills as it will improve their hand to hand combat which will be most beneficial in that situation.  Which of these women are you?   I'm the pretty blonde I think. Watch it, I practice the open hand :)  NO I DONT! How many times do I have to say this. Please quote me so I can see where I failed to convey this message to you!  lol, need I remind you that you said you are master of your destiny. This would mean that you are in control. You also preach resistance and use of force. This would indicate violence will occur anyways so be pre-emptive. I just get the feeling that you are obsessed with the idea that violence will occur and you need a gun to save your life. But if you don't think that this is the case then at least I can see you have not lost complete touch with reality. Still I cannot understand your obsession with being in control of your reality based on having a gun.  Was waco an extreme response to a suposed tax violation? was shooting randy weaver's son in the back and his wife thhrough the head and extreme reaction for supposedly selling a shotgun with a stock 3/8 too short?  I don't want anarchy. Please read the link at the bottom of my tagline to see what I want.  I'm not sure what your saying here. We were discussing how a screener at the airport was an extremist government agent and suddenly you then jumped to accusing the entire government of being extremists. Now I'm not really sure how you got on the topic of Waco but alright, sure they are government extremists as well I guess.  You don't want anarchy, you just don't want any more gun laws and it doesn't go beyond that correct? I'm guessing your views are libertarian based on pieces of your posts?  Never said I did. You applied this reasoning to me. I keep telling you its just another tool  Sure you did. You said you were in master of your destiny.  Didn't I already cover this? Show me where I ever said a gun was an absolute?  You said you were master of your destiny.  Eliminating guns? OK eliminate guns.... Will you do this before or after you eliminate drugs and prostitution... oh oh what about gambling.... then I guess you better eliminate knives too... don't forget cars!   I gave an example, I never suggested that it was a good idea to eliminate guns. I wanted to show that statistics could show whatever you want them to show on paper. But just to answer your question, I would eliminate drugs first of course. Gambling is perfectly fine with me although it has to be controlled. Knives are too easy to make to eliminate so why even try? Cars cannot be eliminated unless teleportation is developed. At that time cars can be eliminated. Which order would you eliminate them in anyways?  That was not ad hominen.. Actually its an observation. You said that "people like my brother are why we need gun control" Now while I did not respond with happy words my point was made. You want to restrict MY rights because you allow your brother to point a gun at you and refuse to diffuse a life threatening situation because you don't want to get your mommy mad.  Hey as long as it was not ad hominem and was instead not happy words :) hehe, well I'll forgive you for it, just be a little more careful in the future.  "people like my brother are why we need gun control" Either you think that I am like your brother and need to be regulated or your willing to assume I am guilty before innocent simply because I have a gun. You want to regulate my lawful activities based on your pshycopath of a brother. My feeling that you compared me to your brother is so much less of a stretch than this mis information you keep using stating that a gun is an absolute.   Why would that mean that you are like my brother? I singled out my brother as an unusual case. How does that mean that everyone is like him including yourself? I realize you are not my brother and probably no one else in the world is, unless he has a twin!!!! (DAAAAH)  I want to regulate you because I cannot trust you. I think you want too many freedoms and that will open up security risks for those who truly are good citizens. I think that you and people like you are asking for way too much to be doing it just for the good of mankind. You are out to accomplish something other than what you are stating therefore I cannot say that I trust you. So although you are not my brother, I cannot trust you more than I trust my brother. You are too fanatical about your belief.   ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.  You have yet to clarify what you mean then. Let me help you. You are master of your destiny.  Destiny - an event (or course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future.  Therefore you are the master of what will happen to you in the future or what is currently happening to you. Do you realize type of mindset you would have to have in order to believe this? That is why I question your ability to understand a lot about this debate. I'm not sure whether or not you believe that you truly are master of your destiny or not. If you actually believe that you are then you are a few bricks short of a building.  heh heh heh.. (laughing at this notion..) moving on....  hehe, yeah I think it is pretty cool too. You stated that you wouldn't pull your gun if someone had one by your head. You are obsessed with being master of your destiny and if you knew karate you would have quick enough reflexes to have a chance at taking any gun that was put near your head. Yet interestingly you think this is a joke. lol :)  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.  (I will be using this line everytime you bring up this wrong assumption)  You still don't understand what you are really saying, do you? I can't say that I'm surprised as it would seem that you have lost some touch with reality IMO. I used to think you were a pretty down to Earth person when it came to the gun control debate but lately you seem to be getting crazier with your debates and now that you are claiming that a gun makes you a God because it allows you to be master of your destiny, I can see my assumptions about you in the past were inaccurate.  I also don't care if you use the same line over and over again. You are stating something that is absolutely insane and I'm going to call you on it as it will pertain to this debate.  ***YAWN***  Yet for the gazillionth time you are attributing points to me that I do not hold.  But I will say this.. Having a gun potentialy increases your odds of survival in some circumstances[/b] in which you would otherwise be killed..  This is particularly confusing as you believe a gun potentially increases your odds of survival yet you are still master of your destiny. That is really a strange point of view to take. Wouldn't you admit this is a strange statement?  Lets just leave this as you don't get it.   As far as I can tell I am making the logical statement here. You don't seem to know what destiny actually is and even if you do know what it is then you are crazy to believe a gun or anything else will make you master of it.  This is why you are sheep. You are leaving the choice of being a victim or a corpse up to your assailiant. I am moving it to myself. You assume I would not try to "diffuse" the situation but rather come out swinging, shooting, whatever. You are so one sided that you wouldn't even consider that I might. 1. Play victim to a point  that the scumbag thinks he is in control. 2. try to talk the guy out of it. 3. run The difference is that I am choosing what my response would be to the point that best suits my life. I do not leave it up to the criminal.   He does not have my interests in heart.  lol you are the sheep. You believe that a gun makes you master of your destiny. I'm sure someone told you this and now you follow it to the letter like a sheep. I make my own decisions as the situation changes. I don't depend on a gun making me master of my destiny. I believe I can help my cause by making decisions that make sense in a particular situation.  The criminal will often has is own interests in heart which will be to get what he wants and make a clean getaway. He isn't going to want a fight or to murder anyone as it will lower his risk-reward ratio.  Answer these:  A mugger approaches you with a knife which ones would you allow   him to do?  1. take your wallet?  2. take your girlfriends wallet.  3. fondle your girlfriend  4. fondle you.  5. put you in the back of his van  6. handcuff you  7. blindfold you  8. rape your girlfriend  9. rape you  10. Kill your girlfriend  11. Kill you?  Now answer the same question if this guy had a gun  lol, well I could ask you the same questions and you would probably have the same answers. You would eventually fall back on pulling your gun which would probably get you and your girlfriend killed. I'm sure you think you become master of your own destiny just because you pull your gun but in actuality you don't. Think this way is only going to get you in trouble!  I am not trying to trap you here. I use a questionare very similar to this at my CQB school.   Well if I can only answer yes or no then number 3 is where it becomes no. Number 3 is where the criminal is going to be focused on something other than what his intent is and will allow me to have a chance to strike at him and with good cause. Karate is valuable in this sort of situation although you may not believe that it is. The only time that karate becomes useless is when you are in gun sites from a distance and since this case has a knife then I have the option of force with me at all times. I'd also be willing to guess that step 3 is where you would take a stand as well since it would be your best opportunity and best risk-reward. Wallets mean nothing compared to the life of you and your girl so there is no reason to risk them over such a simple thing.  You suspicious of me? I don't want ANYTHING from you... You however want something from me.  Are you sure you are in the majority?  I'm suspicious because I think you may actually believe that you are master of your destiny. You are a little crazy in the assumption and to have someone like you on the streets with a gun cannot be a positive thing. You are going to hurt someone or get hurt yourself so of course I'm suspicious of you. I don't know how far you have gone already but I know I wouldn't want to be there when you go further. You sound like the type of person that makes the case for gun control seem like a perfect idea.  Also I hope the majority believes that no one can be master of their own destiny simply because they have a weapon.
I want to note that you forgot (intentional?) to respond to this.  "I didn't ask who could land the plane. You said that "But I will not stand down and sit idle and hope others will come to my rescue in the event of a disaster" and I asked if in the case of a plane disaster if you would begin to pilot the plane. I wanted to know if you are willing to depend on the pilot or not in the case of a disaster as this would defeat your stated opinion."  I responded to your questions so I would hope you will respond to mine.
d00d the post is so long. Of course I would depend on the pilot and his training (or the computers that fly the planes for them).... But as the MASTER of MY OWN DESTINY I chose to put myself in that position..   We can let this go you obviously don't understand... Its a state of mind. Of conscious choices. I bet when you get on a plane you don't even think of such things...   Anyway this is getting off topic... Answer my knife/Gun quiz above and we can leave the absurdly long posts behind us...  I only brought this up again because I wanted to be sure that you were in the mindset that you would be able to admit that you had made an inaccurate statement. You hadn't done this yet so I just wanted to see if you were going to stick by what you said regardless of what information followed. Sorry but I've had people like DHard that will do exactly this. Thanks for responding to this.  Also I did answer your knife/gun quiz already. You will find the response in an above post.
"Liberty in our Life Time!  The Free State Project."  Oh snap. I didn't even put two and two together here until now. I heard about the Free State Project on the radio the other day and it is run by a bunch of Libertarians. So I guess that does mean you are one of them. Are you actually part of the Free State Project? Are you one of them that are moving to New Hampshire?
Yes absolutley. Any thirteen year old with "flight simulator" could do as good a job as you. How to land a plane Why are you pilots so arrogant... This explains your snobbish attitude towards those who you suppsedly agree with you. I was a loadmaster in the Air-force for a while and practiced emergency drills with the pilot so I could (in an emergency) be guided (which became obviously unneccesarry) to land both 130s and 141s. So I know the drill.    Besides... don't most commercial airlines have planes that all but land themselves? Those guys aren't even bus drives anymore... More like subway drivers.... get off yourself!    What is the ideal cockpit crew? A pilot and a dog...the pilot is there to feed the dog, and the dog is there to bite the pilot in case he tries to touch anything.  How many pilots does it take to change a light bulb? Just one. He holds the bulb and the world revolves around him.  How do you know if a pilot is at your party? He'll tell you.  How do you know when you are half way through a date with a pilot? Because he says: "That's enough about flying, let's talk about me"!  Little boy to airline pilot: "You're a pilot?!?!? That must be exciting." Pilot: "Not if I do it right."  Ok tough guy. That was actually amusing. I liked the HOW TO LAND A PLANE thing. might work in a cessna...might.
Hah hah! you are such a stereotypical pilot.... How do you get that big head into the cockpit!  Your right... you wouldn't need it in a regular commercial jet as they can land themselves now, jr.  Oh heres another from Maxim Magazine  How to Land a Plane (a 767 no less!)  That one was even better, I printed it out, I am going to take it to work with me, everyone loves a good joke.
Hey gun hater pilot what does your post have to do with the topic of gun control?  Or like all hate group members if you cannot win an argument you try to disrupt it!  Hey here is the definition of infringement  1. 1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege  So tell me how you are pro right to bear arms if you want  limits on that right?  It was not addressed to you.
If you would notice this is not your private message board!  Hey gun hater pilot what does your post have to do with the topic of gun control?  Or like all hate group members if you cannot win an argument you try to disrupt it!  Hey here is the definition of infringement  1. 1 : the act of infringing  2 : an encroachment or trespass on a right or privilege  So tell me how you are pro right to bear arms if you want  limits on that right?  ok, true it is not my private message board. so let me explain. it was a response to another persons post on this board who can debate another intelligently without falsely labeling them as a "gun hater"...so therefore it did not apply to you.
Gun hater pilot gun haters like you that want gun control laws that infringe on the right to bear arms! This is why you are called a gun hater!    Gun hater pilot we have seen how you respond to people that don to agree with you, you use insults!   Ok, your right, I will try not to call you names and continuously falsely label you as a member of a hate group. I will also not post the same worthless XXXX 20 times in a row, as some people might be getting sick of me spamming on the thread.
You may wish to visit the atf web site before you say what is not allowed to be carried around.  The risk is from criminals and terorist who do not obey gun comtrol laws!  What do you have to fear of the law abiding citizen carrying any of the items you mentioned? Nothing!   But keep up the good work at attacking the rights of the law abiding citizens and do nothing ot the criminals or terorist!  But rocket launchers, C4, grenade, and assault weapons are all arms? Why can't we carry them around? Perhaps because there are laws? Do you accept this? How can you accept someone limiting your right to bear arms? Perhaps because there needs to be some limits? And let me ask you, If you were brought into a room full of 100 people, and told you that 1 of them might be a criminal, could you pick him out? What if we give all those 100 people assault weapons and put them on a plane? Would you get on the plane knowing that 1 of them might be a criminal? On the street, I have no problem with someone carrying an ak47. They are less likely to kill 300 people, and if they do start shooting, I can shoot back, run, or let the cops deal with him. In an airplane, there is nowhere to go. There might not be an air marshall or any of your "armed, trained, law abiding citizens" to deal with him. You can't pull over and get a cop. So why arm a plane ful of people, when you know that you could be letting armed terrorists on board? If you seriously want to debate, then answer these questions honestly and logically.
Once again gun haters you need to visit atf web site to see what is legal before you allow your mouth to over run you backside!   Seems kinda funny that you of all people would direct people to a site that clearly spells out gun control regulations. My point was the that there are laws making these things illegal, DUH. Could it be possible that in the wrong situation in the wrong hands they could be dangerous? Could this be the same with a gun on a plane? But you logic that any limitation on your right to bear arms is wrong, therefore the ATF must be a "gun hater" organization. What about the NRA? They support some gun control regulations (like the gun free school zones), are they "gun haters"?
"First, we believe in absolutely gun-free, zero-tolerance, totally safe schools. That means no guns in America's schools, period ... with the rare exception of law enforcement officers or trained security personnel.   "We believe America's schools should be as safe as America's airports. You can't talk about, much less take, bombs and guns onto airplanes. Such behavior in our schools should be prosecuted...."   NRA Executive Vice President Wayne R. LaPierre, Jr.  Ahhh, another "gun hater" at his best huh?'
First did the totally gun free zones at school work at columbine?   No, they did not. Had they actually been enforced, they would have.  Second what did the totally gun free zones on the airplanes do on 9/11?   Obviously they did what they were supposed to (as far as preventing guns from being taken on a plane), because they were enforced.  So now box cutters are banned. Well the next airplane to be hijacked, the terrorist will simply obey the new rules and still hijack the airplanes!   With what, car keys? You seem to ignore the fact that on the morning of 9/11, anyone could carry a knife with up to 4" blade on it? They did not prevent the hijackings either. So why would it be any different with guns?  The people that made these areas gun free need to be held accountable for the deaths of the law abiding citizens! The courts have ruled that the victims can hold them accountable!    I have asked you on numerous times to show me the proof of these rulings. Where is it? And who do you think should be held accountable, the government? Certainly not the airlines as you have stated in the past, they do not make the laws. The government made the laws.  This is another thing gun haters hate, is people having a different opinion. Gun haters feel they have the right to force people to disarm then not accept the responsibility for the safety of the unarmed law abiding citizens!   I never challenged your right to have an opinion. This is a debate forum, and opinions are what make this work. I obviously don't agree with your position, but if you backed it up with logic and factual evidence, then maybe I could at least see your side of it clearly. Instead, you attack anyone with a different opinion than yours, label them as "gun hater", and refuse to debate any points or answer any questions. My opinion is that guns do not belong on an airplane in the hands of citizens. I think the government has taken responsibility for the law abiding citizens by ensuring that nobody can carry a gun or other dangerous weapon on board a plane. Would you want it the same way if guns were allowed on board and your entire family was killed by a terrorist or psycho with a gun? Or would you then blame the government and airline for their deaths?   Oh and NRA Executive Vice President Wayne R. LaPierre, Jr.is entitled to his opinion!   Yes, he certainly is. The question was, IS HE A "GUN HATER" because he proposes these limits? By your logic, he would have to be. My opinion is that he understands that some common sense gun control laws are neccesary and at the same time fights for the rights of gun owners. What is wrong with this? And what is your opinion?
The laws were enforced the law abiding citizens were obeying them, the criminals did not!   Again, no, they were not enforced. Putting a law on the books and putting up a sign is not enforcement. Enforcement is using screeners and technology to ensure that the guns do not get in the school.   You ignore the fact that the next time terrorist hijack another airplane they will simply use what is allowed on the airplane, as they did on 9/11!   I ignore nothing...I asked you, what do they have left to take over a plane with? The magazines in the seatback? Car keys? Remember, that every citizen getting on a plane can carry anything that a terrorist can. They could on 9/11 too, but this did not prevent the hijackings. Why do you assume that allowing people to carry guns on board will make that difference? Suppose the terrorists are the only one on the plane that flight that have a gun?   A gun hater is a member of a hate group. Hate groups want to take rights away from other people. Since you want laws that only affect the law abiding citizens right to bear arms you are a gun hater. Not one gun free zone prevents a criminals from bringing a gun into it!    I only want laws that affect law abiding citizens? Does not ensuring that everybody getting on a plane does not have a weapon affect everyone getting on the plane? This includes law abiding citizens and criminals / terrorists. Why do you chose to ignore that fact. And the airports are perfect examples of gun free zones that prevent guns. BECAUSE THEY ENFORCE IT WITH THE APPROPRIATE SECURITY MEASURES. It could be the same with schools if every school had the proper enforcement. Enforcement means assuring compliance with a law. Like having the ability to screen people and assure that they do not break the law.   9/11 proved gun free airplanes do not work!   No, 9/11 proved that we should not allow any weapons on board an aircraft, as arming the terrorists only makes their job easier. Being that there were no guns on planes on 9/11, i would say the gun free zone worked. The problem was, we let other weapons on, ie...knives, and this worked to arm the terrorists.   Guns were not allowed on the airplanes on 9/11 and over 3000 law abiding Americans paid a price for that!   Again, do you know that guns would have prevented it? Do you know if anyone would have been carrying a gun on board other than the terrorists? How can you blame not having guns on board for 9/11? The 9/11 terrorists could have just shot everyone on board and still flown the plane into the buildings. Dead bodies in a plane cause just as much damage as live bodies do.    Yes the government and airlines are responsible for the deaths of the victims on 9/11. By disarming people they assume responsibility for their safety.   Again, maybe the government, but deffinately not the airlines. The government makes the laws, not the airlines. What about the people themselves? If you get on a plane where you know you cannot have a gun, you are taking the risk in the first place right? AND IF YOU WANT TO CONTINUE USING THIS ARGUMENT ABOUT THE COURTS FINDING THAT THE AIRLINES AND TRANSIT AUTHORITY CAN BE HELD RESPONSIBLE, POST THE LINKS TO THE RULINGS. PERSONALLY, I HAVE LOOKED FOR THIS INFORMATION, AND HAVE NOT FOUND A THING. SHOW ME THE PROOF, OR STOP USING IT AS AN ARGUMENT.   Now if he is demanding gun laws as other gun haters do that would disarm the law abiding citizens, and then not be responsible for the unarmed citizens yes he would be a gun hater!   Well, I think his comment pretty much speaks for itself. So by your logic, Wayne is a "gun hater". Very nice. I'm sure many, many people would agree with you...sure. That is the most rediculous thing I have ever heard.
Can anyone show proof of rulings stating the airlines and transit authority can be held liable for the deaths on 9/11? I have looked several times and can find no such rulings.
Once again for the last time since gun haters seem to not want to accept the fact that gun free school zones were enforced. The law abiding citizens at any school that has a shooting obeyed the laws. The criminals did not!    They obviously were not enforced. Did they have screeners at columbine before the shootings? Did they have completely controlled entrance to the school. Did they search people? Did they have metal detectors? This is enforcement. The laws were not enforced, result, dead people. If they had all of these things in place at Columbine, it would have never happened.   Again the terrorist will obey the rules to board the airplanes. Then the terrorist will use whatever the government or airlines allow on the airplanes to hijack them, as they did on 9/11. Basically a weapon is anything used to threaten to harm or kill a person. People not wanting to be harmed or killed will comply with the terrorist demands, as they did on 9/11. One group of people on one airplane decided they did not want to die and resisted. It appears they saved untold innocent law abiding citizens lives by doing so. I guess you are angry at these people for endangering the aircraft by resisting the terrorist!    That's one of the worst arguments I have seen by anyone on this thread. Again, what weapons do they have to use now? Yes, they can use their hands, but as we saw on 9/11, so can the passengers. And I find it would be hard to hijack a plane with a pair of hands...don't you? And I am proud of the people that fought back, they did what they should have. It has also happened since 9/11 that passengers have subdued criminals and would-be terrorists on planes. That proves that this works. Passengers can fight back with their hands and be effective.    Oh hey what did the passengers that resisted use? Bare hands maybe? Yes you can also use you hands to kill people. And this is enough for some people to not want to confront terrorist. Just the threat of physical force will make some people comply!   What? Make people comply...like making the terrorists sit back down? Like 50 passengers choking him...with their bare hands? Wow, what a concept.   Gun free airplanes and schools worked, the criminals and terrorist were able to commit their crimes because no one could resist them!   They were able to commit their crimes on the planes because: 1. they had weapons that they are not allowed to have now. 2. the passengers did not know that the terrorists were on a suicide mission.   The passengers who did find out (united 93) were the ones who fought back and saved countless lives on the ground. Before 9/11, people thought of hijackings as a couple of terrorists taking over a plane and going to cuba, demanding money, or some other political end. Few people envisioned them as taking over planes to use as weapons. That is why people were always told to comply and obey terrorists. The game is different now, and we now know we must fight back. If a plane full of people can figure that out in a few minutes by making a cell phone call, perhaps the rest of us who have had time to reflect on the events of 9/11 would have a good understanding that fighting back is no longer just an option, it is neccesary.  They were able to commit the crimes at Columbine because: 1. Nobody was waiting at the door to stop them, there were laws in place, but nobody to carry out the enforcement of the laws. PERIOD.  A weapon is anything that can be used to threaten to harm or kill a person to force them to comply with your demands! Criminals and terrorist used these gun free zones to their fullest advantage! Gun haters should be happy the gun haters made the criminals and terrorist jobs easier!   No, I think the fact that we allowed 19 people to board 4 planes with boxcutters made it easier. Do you think that 19 people could again take over 4 planes with their hands? Or a pencil, or a book, or a magazine, or a PDA, or a camera, or a ...  Again you do not know if guns would not have prevented it. Gun haters never what if anything good outcomes with guns because gun haters want to ban guns!   You are right, they might have prevented it, they might not have. Is it possible that they may have been the only ones on board with guns...yes. But skip that part, lets lay it out.  1. 3 terrorists stand up, you are the only armed person on the plane. You shoot all three before they can shoot you or anyone else...unlikely, but lets say you do. WOW. Your a hero, you can go on Leno and get your I'm a hero with a gun medal, and everyone will think you are just great. WOW.  2. 3 terrorists stand up, you are the only armed person on the plane. You shoot 2 of the terrorists before the 3rd on kills you. I guess you are still a hero of sorts, but sorry, they will only be able to put the medal in your grave with you, and no Leno.   3. 3 terrorists stand up, nobody else on board is armed, they win.  Now let me ask you, you seem to feel very strongly about who to hold responsible. Would you be willing to take personal responsibility if someone with a gun hijacked a plane and ran it into another tall building? After all, you pushed to have the guns on there. Would you fight a lawsuit naming you as responsible for the plane full of people and those killed on the ground? Would you be willing to take responsibility if you accidentally shot someone on the plane while in a shootout with a terrorist? What if someone pulls out their gun to show someone else and they accidentaly shoot the person, or themselves. Will you take responsibility. After all, you pushed to have the guns on the plane. Truth is, if you push to have the guns on the plane, then you are responsible for the safety of everyone on the plane. If a terrorist kills someone with a gun, you are just as much responsible, after all, you wanted him to be able to walk on the plane with a gun. You say, the people who have forced others to give up their rights should be held responsible for the safety of the unarmed, so by the same logic, if you push to have guns on board, you are then responsible for anyone who gets killed by one of those guns.   "First, we believe in absolutely gun-free, zero-tolerance, totally safe schools. That means no guns in America's schools, period ... with the rare exception of law enforcement officers or trained security personnel.    You find this to be an ambiguous statement?  "We believe America's schools should be as safe as America's airports. You can't talk about, much less take, bombs and guns onto airplanes. Such behavior in our schools should be prosecuted...."    How about that? They are very clear, especially where he says "this means no guns in America's schools, period." Somehow it does not surprise me that you don't get this.
Gee the law abiding citizens at the gun free zones did not need to be searched or pass through metal detectors they were obeying the law. The criminals that killed them were not obeying the law pertaining to gun free zones!   DUH! What is your point?  It appears gun hater you concept of a civilized country is all citizens are treated like criminals, passing through check points being searched randomly! Are these more common sense restrictions the gun haters want?   In airports and schools, absolutely. And enforcing a gun free zone with security checkpoints and searches is not treating people like criminals. You have no concept of what security is.  Once again for the gun hater the threat of physical force is enough to force some people to comply. And yes what about the people that resisted on the one plane. Did they cause it to crash? You know your constant harping about a law abiding citizen doing the same thing with a gun. Are you going to blame them for wanting to resist?   So if a terrorist stands up and says "anybody moves and I'll punch you in the head...this is a hijacking", people will cower in fear? I think I would probably laugh at him and tell him to sit down. I think you would find more than enough citizens who would subdue him if he didn't. And could you rephrase the rest? It made little sense to me, what do you mean?   Interesting how gun haters always claim times are changing!    They aren't? You seem to think this is the 1700's, and you just might get to shoot a redcoat. Times have changed. Many things are different just since 9/11. I would call this change.  The laws were enforced the law abiding citizens were obeying them, not one law abiding citizen had a gun in the gun free zones at the school!   What? Is your alarm on? Laws do not need to be enforced for law abiding citizens. They need to be enforced to prevent criminals from breaking them. Do you know what the word enforcement means? Enforcement is actually observing and ensuring compliance. How can you say the laws were enforced if 2 kids carried guns into school? If the had been enforcing the laws, they would have been stopped at the door.   Once again nothing but bad what ifs. What if law abiding citizens with gun saved the airplanes?    Ahh, the old what if argument. This is really stupid. And actually, I did give you your what if, #1. Sure that is the best case outcome, but I am not concerned with the best case scenario, I am concerned with the worst case scenario. You could say "what if nobody ever hurt anybody again". While it sounds nice in theory, this is far from logical.   People defending the right to bear arms have always said a person using a gun is responsible for any things that happens when they use a gun!    You really didn't answer the question. Would you be willing to be held responsible for deaths on a plane even if you did not shoot the gun? By your logic, if you push to have the guns on the plane, then you personally are responsible for the flying public. And you still never showed me any proof of the courts ruling that the airlines and transit authority can be held responsible for he deaths on 9/11. Is this perhaps because you can't find any proof of these? Don't worry, neither could I.   Gun haters are the ones that blame the gun for the person commiting crimes with guns!    So by your logic, wait until someone hijacks a plane and drives it into a building, or at least kills a few people on the plane and lock him up then? Or let 2 kids walk into a school and kill 13 people? Did it ever occur to you that if these kids had not been able to walk into the school with the guns, 13 people would still be alive?
So in other words, these things violate your constitutional rights, and you would rather die than have your rights violated. Very noble, also very extreme. So if it comes down to letting 10 innocent people die, then maybe arrest the criminal, or stop the criminal before he kills 10 innocent people, you would rather they die?
Oh and I will not lower myself to trying to insult you by using the word "duh" . Unlike gun haters like you I do not need to do this . But it appears gun hater such as you have a need to insult anybody they cannot win a debate with..   I bet any reasonable person would state that I have already won this debate many times over. I'm sorry if the use of "DUH" upsets you. I guess that is a bigger insult than calling someone "gun hater" continuously.   What is the point? Gun hater your gun free zones worked at columbine and the airports   At the airports, yes. There were no guns. At Columbine, no, there were guns.   Even the biggest person can being taken down by a group of people.   Exactly. So why arm the big bad terrorist with a gun?  Times have changed?    Yes, they have. Your extremist logic on this makes no sense.  Yes the unarmed law abiding citizens at the gun free zones at schools and airports that were killed by criminals and terrorist were doing this "Enforcement is actually observing and ensuring compliance. " The criminals were not!   The law abiding citizens don't do that. This is for law enforcement and screeners to do. Your argument on this makes no sense.  Gun haters like you always what if the negative never the positive. Why is this? Simple gun haters like you want to limit or ban the right to bear arms!   I did what if a positive for you. But why look at the positives? Positive situations don't kill me, the negative ones do.  Oh that is right you have the ability to tell just who is going to commit a crime! Yes I forgot you would deny a law enforcement officer on your plane with a gun simply based on how they looked at you. Gun hater you need to teach law enforcement people this ability. The police could just arrest a person before they commit a crime.    You completely don't get the point.
Oh and yes the courts have rules that the victims families can hold the government and airlines officials responsible for 9/11!   And yes, you can use you new alias to reply to me.  Still waiting on the proof of this, I have only asked you about 10 times now. Claiming something so absurd and offering no proof as a backup just proves your lack of credibility and the fact that you will say anything to refute others.
How are they saved? What are you basing this statement on?  Canada which has the same type of gun laws as the USA also doesn't have the same need for its citizens to be 'saved' either.  What's happening in countries without liberal gun-laws such as Australia? We don't have zillions being in need of saving. I don't need you to save me with your gun and I'd rather not make it easier for a terrorist to take a gun on a plane.
I don't have a gun. I'm not sure if you're arguing against the wrong person here.  Several posters I'm responding to are about allowing people to take guns onto planes, I am against this.  I am not pro-gun. You need to adjust your sights Sorry, I meant to direct my argument against others.
Comparing gun laws from differen countries them screaming about crime rates is useless. There are thousands of cultural differences between countries, which contribute to the differences you are going on about. I don't imagine you would be very happy if I were to wildly quote stats from Switzerland and Israel.   Why don't you, many others have no problem using these countries as examples, even though our cultures and societies differ vastly.   Somebody rushing the cockpit with a gun would no doubt arouse suspicion and be shot before he could do any damage on a well armed plane.    You hope. Or, perhaps he could kill 2 or 3 people on his way to the cockpit, or he could shoot through the forward cabin bulkhead, hit one of the pilots, or damage instrumentation in the cockpit, or put a hole in the pressure vessel, or hit a fuel tank, or hit a fuel pump contained in a fuel tank causing the plane to explode...etc. You get it? You cannot make any accurate statement on the exact turnout of events. It is safer to assure no guns board a plane, unless carried by a marshal or credentialed law enforcement official. And one more thing...who are you to guarantee that many of the passengers on the aircraft are armed? It certainly would not be mandatory to carry a gun, so just suppose that the only armed people to climb onto the plane one particular day are the terrorists. Boy, that woud suck.   As opposed to "hey that guy has a box cutter, lets sit around cowering to see what he does".   Perhaps on the morning of 9/11...yes. Now...not a chance. It has already happened several times since 9/11 that the passengers...not law enforcement...have subdued unruley passengers. Prior to 9/11, a hijacking was seen as a couple people with a political agenda taking an airliner to an airport of their choosing, and bargaining for ransom of some sort (political, monetary, release of some prisoners...etc.) 9/11 changed the definition of hijacking. Now, people know they must fight back. Personally, I would rather face a terrorist with a boxcutter than one with a gun, but that's just me.   Do you know why the air in commercial aircraft doesn't get stale?   Yes, I do. But is does not seem that you do.   It is because of adjustable vents controlled from the cockpit.   Not quite. It is because air...reffered to as "bleed air" is taken from the compressor section of a turbine engine. As air is spun into the compressor, there is a valve at the third compressor blade (P3 valve) that takes this air and bleeds it off of the engine...hence the term bleed air. This air then passes through something called an ACM (air cycle machine), where it is cooled and then allowed into the cabin. The air may be recycled through something called a VCM (vapor cycle machine), recooled, and sent back to the cabin, or it is discharged from he aircraft through outflow valves located at the rear of the pressure vessel. During a loss of cabin pressure, pilots do not play around opening or closing "vents". Pilots will descend the aircraft to a safe altitude (usually 10,000').   If bullets were to start flying, the vents would be closed slightly to account for the difference, and the aircraft would keep flying. If you are imagining a scene from aliens when a bullet goes through the wall of a plane....haw   The problem here junior, is that you seem to be misinformed. At normal cruise altitudes of most airliners (30 - 40 thousand feet) the pressure outside the aircraft is very low. Normally, you will have something called a differential pressure, which is the measurement of the difference of pressure between the air outside and the air inside an aircraft. This pressure is normally 5.27 PSI in a fully pressurized aircraft. When a bullet would go flying through the side of an airplane, breaking the pressure vessel, it causes something reffered to as a rapid or explosive decompression. With the differential pressure, and the sudden weakening of one part of the structure of the aircraft, a bullet hole will turn into a huge hole within milliseconds. Take for example a balloon. Blow it up just a little bit so that is just barely stretched (pressure inside not much greater than pressure outside), and poke it with a pin...what happens? The air slowly leaks out. Now, take a balloon and blow it up so that the skin is stretched tightly (pressure inside much greater than pressure outside), and poke it with a pin...what happens? BOOM. Same thing. It has happened with aircraft before...look up the example of the United flight that landed in Honolulu missing a large section if the overhead fuselage, and some passengers (seats included). The other problems are that when pieces of the aircraft go flying out, or people or seats etc...they have the potential to take out engines, strike the wing or tail...causing serious structural damage...etc. Flying a plane with structural damage with possibly one or more engine out is not my idea of a good time....haw.
(Skips to the end of the thread without bothering to read the intervening 13 pages)  I'm all for it. If taking a gun on a plane is legal (Actually, I believe it already is, although extremely difficult) then I am going to have one, and if anyone tries to hijack the plane I am going to give them two in the chest and one in head.  Problem solved.  Long story short, people are going to try and hijack planes no matter what. And generally they are either very stupid (Thus dangerous) or suicidal (Thus dangerous) and the survival of the passengers decreases dramatically when this happens. Simply staying cool and following the orders of the Hijackers is not going to get you off the plane alive.  Since these people are going to try and hijack the plane anyway, I would rather have the ability to stop them with minimal risk to myself and others than having to resort to using the cutlery provided, or my own body.  Perhaps you should go back and read the preceding 13 pages, you might have learned something. And no, unless you arre a properly credentialed law enforcement official, you will never be allowed to carry a gun on board a plane with you. You may have it in your checked luggage, but FAA regs require the bag to be located in a compartment that is not accessable by you, and the gun must be unloaded, and double locked. You retain the key. Just one thought on the rest of your post, yes, people have and will in the future hijack / attempt to hijack airplanes. Arming the passengers on a plane creates more danger than assuring that none of them are armed. Remember, just because you can shoot at him, he can shoot back. Would you rather get in a shoot out or simply tie someone up with the help of the other passengers?
The above quote is a lie!  The very fact that the employees for one airline smuggled illegal drugs and guns onboard the airplane demonstrates the security measures are a farce! All the added security has done for air travel is to increase the cost of air travel!  Great now we hear from the safety Nazis that passengers should wrestle terrorists down. Ok tough guys just how many of you will attack a person holding a sharp instrument a.k.a. a weapon. As for placing your firearm locked and unloaded in a part of the airplane you cannot reach. The same employees that will place your gun there are the same employees that can place guns where they want them. Thank god being a terrorist is not as profitable as smuggling drugs!  America is no safer! Of course the safety Nazis will say this is just one case. Well 9/11 is also just one case of terrorist talking control of airplanes and using them as flying bombs. The safety Nazis used this one case to add all of the new security measures that cost money and time. Still, guns and drugs were placed on a plane.  So what is your solution? And just what about what I said was a lie?
Well let us see, your solution is to disarm all the law-abiding citizens then have these disarmed citizens wrestle any terrorist to the floor and tie them up. This was attempted on one of the airplanes on 9/11, only after some of the passengers received cell phone calls from loved ones telling them what was taking place in NYC.   No, obviously you do not have the ability to comprehend my position. My solution has nothing to do with disarming law abiding people. Actually, it is not my solution, it is the government's solution. Currently, the law is that only those with proper credentials (ie...law enforcement or certain govt. agents) may carry guns aboard an airplane. Everyone else is screened, law abiding citizens and would-be terrorists alike. The idea is to assure that every passenger getting on an airplane (other than those certain few) are not armed. And as far as wrestling a terrorist to the floor, yes, it has worked since 9/11. Remember the shoe bomber? It has also taken place on several other commercial flights since 9/11...it seems that people now understand what is at stake and are willing to take an active role in their own defense.   The criminals in NYC at that one airline demonstrated that they can place on airplanes illegal drugs and guns at any time. So now let us apply this to the terrorist that would do the same thing. So now we have unarmed passengers at the mercy of an armed terrorist. You want these unarmed passengers to wrestle the terrorist to the floor and tie them up. When unarmed people attempts to disarm an armed terrorist the armed terrorist has the upper hand even if the weapon is only a box cutter.   If you note, I have never said that the current system is free from flaws. No system is ever free from flaws. The idea is to mitigate risk wherever possible. Hey, at least they caught these people in NY and Miami. It at least shows that people are watching. It also shows that there are holes in the system that need to be fixed. Every time a flaw is discovered, it draws light to the fact that things need to be fixed. I believe the philosophy is sound, I don't believe it is currently being implemented properly. And as far as wrestling with terrorists, yes, I do want passengers to wrestle with them. They should do whatever it takes to subdue him. It has worked since 9/11 as I pointed out above. I personally would rather wrestle with someone who has a box cutter than someone with a gun, but perhaps that's just me.  My solution? You have nothing to fear from law-abiding citizens carrying guns. The criminals proved they can place guns anywhere they want them. The days of terrorist hijacking airplanes and releasing the passengers is no more. The people one the one airplane demonstrated they would rather fight and die then just sit in their seat and die!   I don't fear anything from law abiding citizens. I don't fear them carrying guns on board airplanes. I fear terrorists with guns on airplanes. Remember, on 9/11, the terrorists boarded the aircraft legally with boxcutters (which were then legal). So what would stop a terrorist from getting on an aircraft with a gun? And yes, you are correct that the people have demonstrated that they would rather fight than just sit there, what is the point? And what is your solution? You never really stated a solution. What is your plan to prevent another 9/11. How does your plan get implimented, how does it work?   You have the right to continue telling people they need to be unarmed and attack armed terrorist.    Again, the idea is for everyone to be disarmed, not just law abiding people. Besides, as seen on 9/11, we cannot discriminate who is a terrorist and who is not. The idea is to not gived anyone the opportunity to have a weapon which makes it easier for them to take over the plane. And post 9/11 I don't think it is even neccesary to tell people that they need to attack someone who threatens the safety of a flight and subdue them. I think people somehow already understand what can happen, and will fight back regardless of what the terrorist has in his hand.   I have the right to tell people they have a right to bear arms to defend themselves. I also say that when people commit a crime with a gun these people need to be punished not the law-abiding citizens!   Yes you do have the right to say that. I for one support peoples rights to bear arms, just not on airplanes or in schools. And I agree, anyone commiting a crime with a gun needs to be punished, but that is a different subject. At 40000 feet, with a suicidal terrorist and a gun, there are no courts or jails, and it is difficult to punish someone after they drive a jet into a tall building.   You spread lies about armed law-abiding citizens like Mike Moore does with bowling for columbine!   What a load of XXXX. Show me one lie I have written here. Next, show me one that is about law abiding citizens. Just because we stand on opposite sides of a debate and do not share a the same views, does not mean that what the other person says is a lie. It is a debate, not a documentary. Much of what we write on here is simply opinion, supported by facts. Don't confuse the 2.
So by your plan, we can all carry guns on the plane, that includes both law abiding citizens and terrorists alike. OK, so you have said that there is nothing to prevent terrorists from sneaking guns onto planes right? Pay off thr ground crew, implant someone, etc. All well and good. So can we reasonably assume that the terrorists could do the same with a bomb? One of the baggage handlers or fuelers or maintanence techs which go vastly unsupervised about the airport could easily slip a bomb onto the plane, especially in the cargo hold. So what are you and you gun going to do now, shoot the bomb? And can you assure me that every flight, and I mean every flight will have an armed passenger on it? Are you going to quit your job and go fly from city to city every day with your gun to assure my safety? Are you going to assemble an army of these people to do the same and cover every single flight? If you answered no to any of these...plan fails. Try again. I think we already have people to do that, they are called air marshals. I would like to see them on every flight, I don't think they currently are.
Look, it is simple. The terrorists on 9/11 carried boxcutters onto the planes, legally. The boarded the planes, legally. They bought tickets forthe flights legally. We did not know that they are terrorists. So what is to stop someone from carrying a gun onto a plane legally, then using it to commit and act of terrorism. Nothing. After all, if we don't know they are a terrorist, how can we stop them?   If a criminal or terrorist wishes to place guns or drugs or even a bomb they will simply do it. This was demonstrated by the airline employees that placed the drugs and guns on that one airplane. This was one airplane that was discovered, how many more airplanes are not discovered that the drugs and guns make it to the intended criminals? You are happy that the drugs and guns were discovered by the authorities. The down side of this discovery is that the drugs and guns made it to their intended city. The drugs and guns were not discovered before they left the ground. So you are happy that the unarmed law-abiding citizens were placed in a dangerous situation if there had been a terrorist on that airplane.   While yes, this has probably happened many times, the particular case you are talking about they did know about the drugs before the plane took off. The suspects were under investigation for a while. It probably happens on a regular basis without the knowledge of law enforcement. This is really not concerning to the point at hand. And by the way, there is no mention of them smuggling guns on board the aircraft, just the drugs. Guns are mentioned, but only that 5 guns were confiscated. The guns were most likely confiscated in the cars of the criminals. I think they would have mentioned the guns. Now of coarse, it would not be hard to imagine that guns could easily be placed on an airplane. (although everything had been placed in the cargo hold, which is relatively difficult to get to on most planes in flight. this even brings up the point that you may transport guns in your checked luggage, so in a sense, a lot of flights possibly already have guns in the cargo hold.)  Air marshals? Once again your solutions are to cost law-abiding citizens more money. Was there an air marshal on that airplane with the drugs and guns? Using your logic we would place a cop on every street corner in America to fight crime. One has to find it funny that you place your security in armed air marshals and not armed law-abiding citizens. Is it the training air marshals receives that makes you feel all warm and safe?   Make the airlines pay for it. Or eliminate some wasteful govt. spending and use that money to pay for it. There are a thousand possibilities. Was there an air marshal aboard...who knows. Air marshals are armed, law abiding citizens. And yes, the training that they recieve makes me feel SAFER than some of the XXXXXX that would carry a gun onto a plane if allowed. How easy is it to get a gun? How easy is it to get a CCW. I know many people tha have CCW and guns, but they would not make me feel safer than someone who is specifically trained in armed intervention on an airplane.   If you are so fearful of terrible things happening on airplanes then maybe people like you should not be flying.    Nice try. How about this...if you are so afraid to fly without a gun, take a bus. I am more fearful of what would happen on board a plane if we allowed guns on board.   I would be personally willing to gaurantee that there is an armed passenger on every flight, if you would be willing to personally gaurantee that thee will be a terrorist on every flight. YOu are making a rediculous assuption, which is that by allowing law abiding citizens to carry a gun on a plane terrorists would automatically have the same right.   And just how could you do that? You have that many friends? This I find hard to believe. And I am being rediculous? Your plan of being able to "guarantee an armed passenger on every flight" is absolutely groundless. (unless you run the air marshal program) And again, it is obvious that it would not be difficult for a terrorist to get a gun on a plane, after all, they don't wear a label that says Hello...my name is Habib Q. Terrorist. It seems as if you are saying you can tell who is a terrorist and who is not. Why don't you go work for the TSA then...you woud be invaluable.   I am not going to continue this debate, I feel like I am just rehashing that which I have said in the last 10 pages, It is getting a little old. You obviously feel the way you do, and I feel sorry for you. However, I am glad that the system currently does not allow for your dangerous ideas. If you want to agrue some more, write something, then go back and read any of my posts to DHARD and others, you will find my rebuttal. It seems as if you and DHARD are peas in a pod, perhaps you read them all before?
 1. Like I said, extremely difficult to do legally. Only very few people are allowed to do so. With any luck, I will be one of them (Just got recommended for a position in the Australian Special Forces).  2. Actually, no it doesnt. You see, hijacking a plane is either suicidal (guaranteed death for passengers) or very stupid. A hijacked plane can only go so far on the fuel it has. It is easily tracked, easily boarded and easily re-taken. Professional and smart criminals do not do it any more because it is almost imossible to pull off effectively. When the plane lands, the ground forces will surround it, wait you out, and then take you out.  3. With regards to the box-cutters or knives:  You need to be very good to kill someone with a small knife like that. If someone on a plane I was on tried to hijack it with a box-cutter they would soon be in a world of pain. If they are good enough to kill me with it, they should be making their living by training ninjas in Japan rather than hijacking planes.  1. Being in the Australian Special Forces will still not entitle you to carry a gun onto any flight arriving or departing the United States. I do not know what the law is for domestic flights in Australia, nor Australian international flights that do not enter the US.   2. The point was that I (as well as the majority of other Americans) feel that by screening for and attempting to keep guns off airplanes, you make it far less likely that a hijacking will take place. The idea is to mitigate the risk in the air, not to make it more likely and then deal with it once it happens. It is like the difference between using a condom for birth control and using abortion for birth control. And as you know, fuel was not a concern for the aircraft on 9/11, as a matter of fact, the terrorists specifically picked planes that would be heavily loaded with fuel to make the post crash fires more effective.   3. It sounds like you should have been on one of the planes on 9/11 then. Perhaps you could have put the 5 terrorists in a world of pain. While it may not be as easy to kill someone with a boxcutter than with a gun, it certainly can happen. 9/11 was the perfect case in point. Out of 4 attempted hijackings, 4 were successful, sounds like they did OK to me. The "fundies" (I like that term) as you called them, are highly trained individuals. They trained and planned for years to carry out a suicide mission. I would say that this shows an extreme level of commitment to their cause. These are not the terrorists that we used to think of, they are a new breed and should be regarded as a much greater threat.
 Three worked. The fourth one was stopped when the passengers were called on their cell phones and made aware of what was happening by their family members.  And where are these people now? DEAD.
It is a terrible thing when extreme leftist like you sundowner will not acknowledge the bravery of law-abiding citizens.   Extreme leftist? Hardly. Extreme Moderate.  And I did not forget anyone. I am proud of the people on United 93 who did what they had to do. After all, you are the one who continually points out that I support the idea of unarmed passengers confronting armed terrorists. Are you suggesting that they should have sat in their seats and let the terrorists do whatever they wanted? Your argument is circular, and makes no sense. My ideal situation is that nobody on the aircraft is armed, thereby preventing the need for any unarmed individual to attack an armed terrorist.
Oh I know that, but I dont intend to stop there. I plan on staying for six years before attempting the SAS, and from there, who knows? Perhaps CIA field agent, perhaps SF training instructor in any western nation... My point was that I'm on my way.   Good luck to you. It is a long road, I hope you make it.   I agree that letting just anyone have a gun on a plane is lunacy. I have always taken a middle-ground as far as gun control goes. I dont think just anyone should be able to take a gun onto a plane, but I dont see why more people arent allowed. Certainly licence the hell out of it, make the licences very hard to get, certainly. But I dont see why it should be practically impossible.   I think we mostly agree on this point. They advocate repeal of all gun laws, stating that it is unconstitutional to place limits on a natural right. This means that they would have any old citizen with a gun carry it on board an aircraft. I know many people who own guns, few that I would trust in close quarter combat with one. The problem would be hillbilly Jed with his .45 gets on the plane, a passenger who appears to be middle-eastern stands up to go to the bathroom, and Jed blows a hole in his head. This is what I am against. The average American gun owner is not trained enough to be trusted with a gun in the situations that may arise in a hijacking. I would agree with making a special licence, making it difficult to obtain, and making the training extensive in order to get said licence. But in a sense, we already have that. We have the air marshal program, and whether the anti-gun control croud wants to admit it or not, this program does precisely what they are advocating. I am for expansion of this program, and making a volunteer air marshal program as well. Perhaps frequent flyers who are also gun owners complete the training succesfully, and then agree to carry aboard for say a 10% discount on airfares or some other perks. The only problem with this is that background checks would need to be done, and I don't mean sitting in front of a computer and looking for previous felonies, I mean real extensive checking where they talk to your neighbors where you grew up, get your highschool transcripts, extensive psychological testing, etc. The kind of checks required of trainees at the CIA and FBI. These checks are time consuming and expensive to do, so the anti-gun control croud would never go for anything that "waste" taxpayer money. I think a big part of the problem (certainly not your problem) that some of the people here have is that the air marshals are a government program; the FAA, TSA, and NTSB are government agencies; and that firearms laws and regulations are governmentally imposed; and these people are more anti-government than anything. They put more faith into a 230 year old piece of paper than they do a modern government that is attempting to deal with modern problems. The constitution is a good framework for our government to run by, but it is outdated, and needs to be applied to modern day America.   No-one knows the exact details of the 9/11 hijackings. I think that they must have gained access to the cockpit, as the plane en-route to camp david crash-landed. It is my belief that certain passengers fought with the hijackers, but the pilot was slain and the place forced to crash. In such a situation weapons are academic.   No doubt, their efforts were heroic. Who knows why the plane crashed, perhaps the terrorists realizing that they could not win drove it into the ground out of desperation, or perhaps an untrained passenger simply stall / spun the aircraft into the ground after getting to the controls. We really will never know the true story. The point is, that if we had controlled by means of security who was allowed to get on the plane armed, and ensured that the others were not armed, the whole day of 9/11 would have been just another September day. We allowed people to legally carry weapons on board 4 aircraft, and these weapons were used to hijack 4 aircraft. Makes me wonder what would have happened if the terrorists had used several hundred hijackers instead of 19. We could have had 20 aircraft hijacked for every hundred passengers, and judging by the success rate on 9/11, this would have been devastating. Just think what could happen if we allow ordinary citizens on board an aircraft armed with guns like some have suggested. The terrorists could just blend into the crowd again, and board with weapons at the ready to take over a few more planes.
Never will people that want to limit the right to bear arms portray self defense in a good light. Using sundowners quote why would anyone want to fly if we portrayed air trave with the results of 9/11. If as sundowner does every time a person defended air travel someone would say &#8220;The problem would be hillbilly Jed flying from the hills to NYC and some dang terrorist hijacking the airplane and flying it into some dang tall building.&#8221; Why should anyone want to fly if air travel is only portrayed in this light. I am anti-gun but still pro-self-defense. Someone attacks you and/or your family? Do whatever is suitable and according to the law to protect yourself and your relatives. If these two things couldn't go together than most of the Western nations wouldn't allow people to defend themselves.   And what sundowner tried to say (I am suggesting he tried to say that) is that the risk of armed passengers is higher than the benefit. Tell me, how many successful attempts of hijacking occured during the last 10 years involving American airlines or airlines travelling towards the USA or with mainly American passengers? Apart from 9/11 there weren't many, if any at all. So even if we assume that these hijackings xould have been stopped (optimistic), we still should consider the accidents that could have happened during the same amount of time. One over-jealous passenger firing his gun is too much.   I also wonder why airlines not simply invest a few bucks to improve the planes'cockpit doors. This could hold off hijackers better than any gun imo...
This is the phrase to watch out for when people claim to be pro something. Huhu, watch out; I am regarding two sides of a problem. Guess this makes me an enemy of state...  The terrorists have demonstrated that airplanes today are just flying bombs. So now you have a airplane full of unarmed passengers at the mercy of armed terrorists. The security experts have stated terrorists can get guns on airplanes anytime the want to. This was demonstrated by the recent incident at the NYC airport when drugs and guns were found on an airplane placed there by airline employees. Of course terrorists CAN find ways to smuggle arms and other things on planes; but just because there is no 100% safety, do you want safety measures to be abolished? And if terrorists capture a plane, how likely would it be for a armed, law-abiding citizen to take them out without harming any bystanders (could be accepted) or hitting the plane?  Calculate the risk, armed terrorists hijack a airplane and use it as a flying bomb. Are all of the passengers dead at the end of this? They are certainly dead at the end; never claimed anything else.   Security experts have stated that airplane design does not allow for that. What about restrooms and eating accommodations for the pilots? What would design concepts like these cost the airline customers? Are you going to design airplanes with the front third of the airplane for the pilots? How are you going to screen pilots to see how they would react to hostages being killed on the other side of that reenforced cockpit door because the pilot will not do as the terrorist demand? It wouldn't be enough to strengthen doors; but it could addtionally be done. And sure, the pilots wouldn't be perfectly safe, they never can be. But it is about reducing risks. I also see the dilemma when terrorists kill hossies to gain access to the cockpit. But in that case one could argue they would die anyway. Personally I wouldn't rate this so cold.  To top it off once the authorities on the ground become aware of a hijacking fighter aircraft will be scrambled to intercept the hijacked airplane. The pilots of the fighter aircraft orders will be to shoot that hijacked airplane down to prevent it from being used as a flying bomb. Is this more of a risk then &#8220;One over-jealous passenger firing his gun is too much&#8221;? Ask yourself, what is more likely to happen? Just one shot-down plane would be terrible (but maybe inevitable), but how about 1 plane per year (could be more, who knows?) that accidently crashes?
Pls, tell me you are kidding on this one. A law enforcement officer is 7 times more likely to use their weapon inapropriatly than a regular citizen (MSNBC). Further, the requirement for a Law enforcement officer in most of the united states to carry a weapon is that they must be able to hit a paper plate sized target 6 times in 20 seconds at 20 yards.  This is pathetic. I personally know I can do a 3x5 index card 16 times in less than 20 seconds at 20 yards. At 100 yards, I can kit a paper plate sized target 14 times in 15 seconds for sure, and that includes changing clips. I would imagine that most of the regular shooters here can do the same.   I do a lot of competition shooting. We used to have a few cops that would show up and plan to show us "how it is done" They have all gone home shame faced.  FOr some reason a lot of liberals seem to endow cops with some kind of superhuman ability when it comes to handling firearms and showing good judgement. Some of my best friends are cops, and I shure wouldn;t want most of them backing me up in a life or death situation which involved marksmanship. AS far as keeping their cool, lets all keep in mind that the ONLY tie in US history a registered machine gun has been used illegally it was in the hands of a chicago narctics officer who got mad while questioning a suspect and blew him away.  Are YOU serious? While you may be able to hit a paper plate at 100 yards (with a handgun?) the average American gun owner has never had any formal firearms training, has probably not been to a firing range in the last year, and probably could not hit the paper plate consistently at 15 yards. Sad but true. Remember, it is not a requirement to be able to shoot a gun accurately to buy a gun. There are many people who buy guns for self defense, and then put it in their nightstand or car and never fire the gun once. If the law was opened up the way JustAnotherGuy wants, these are the people that will then be allowed to carry guns on board aircraft. This scares me. Police may not be expert marksman, but they do have firearms training, and must qualify with a firearm, showing that they at least have some measure of skill.   A law enforcement officer is 7 times more likely to use their weapon inapropriatly than a regular citizen (MSNBC).   Could you provide any links to back this up? Any data or statistics?
Which is more likely to happen a plane hijacked used as a flying bomb like on 9/11 or an accidental discharge of a firearm causing an airplane to crash? Well can you produce one incident of a passenger causing an airplane to crash because of the accidental discharge of a gun? I can produce one incident of terrorists using airplanes as flying bombs.   Well, it seems that it was rather easy for the 9/11 hijackers to get on board the aircraft, since they did so legally. As far as guns, it is difficult to say because currently as in the past, you are not allowed to carry a gun on board an aircraft. Why do you suppose that is?
Make jokes all you want, but you have a problem with people defending themselves. I don't. And I also accept your right to shoot possible attackers if this is the appropriate way to solve the situation. I don't like it, but I still can accept it. But if you can't accept things and oppinions you don't like, please don't debate ;) .   This is a quote from you later on in this post ?But in that case one could argue they would die anyway.? So when you argue people will die anyway it is still better if they all die not defending themselves. Even if a lone passenger defending themselves would save the airplane with a few casualties verse all onboard dead.  Great way to change the meaning and intention of my words. I just said that if a plane is used as a flying bomb, all passengers would die. This is in case there was a successful hijacking attempt.   Again we get your well they are all dead anyway why fight. This is again out of context; it was part of what I said about the use of strengthened doors.   Which is more likely to happen a plane hijacked used as a flying bomb like on 9/11 or an accidental discharge of a firearm causing an airplane to crash? Well can you produce one incident of a passenger causing an airplane to crash because of the accidental discharge of a gun? I can produce one incident of terrorists using airplanes as flying bombs. As sundowner said, guns aren't allowed on planes so thank god no trigger-happy idiot could start firing at once. But if I think of statistics about gun-related accidents and imagine an ordinary gun owner in a narrow plane, trying to take someone out, I think the risk is too high. Question: Why are you so scared about a hijack? And do you think that the average gun owner (who would be the average armed passenger if guns were allowed) could stand a realistic chance against terrorists? When you talk about the 9/11 terrorists you have to remind that they weren't on their own, had nothing to loose and had had the possibility to carry a gun themselves. So do you think it could have been prevented?
When did airlines company or the government pass a law or rule that made it illegal to have a gun on a airplane? Flying is international. A single nations law couldn't do anything about this issue.   Try practicing what you preach if you do not like other people?s opinions! Guess what, I already defended myself a couple of times. Bet you never did or you'd know that you can defend yourself without a gun.    Never changed.    it is not out of context. Yes it is, when I am talking about the worst result of a hijack and you make a statement against self-defense out of it.   If people want to be frightened-pacifist afraid of their own shadow then let them. When their beliefs prevent other people from defending themselves it is wrong. You can be a victim all you want, you do not have the right to make other people victims of violent crimes. Got argument?   What it the title of this post? "Desperate attempt to make another guy think about a few simple questions". Reckon it didn't work as there are no answers.
Then you do not have any documentation to defend your claims about guns on airplanes. Just like you. But I explain my thoughts and tell why my opinion is that guns shouldn't be allowed on planes. You are never giving real answers but just claim that guns would be helpful.   Whatever, so you beat up a five year old. Yep, and then I took on his younger brother emoticon_rolleyes . Hint: People aren't armed in my country.   Was not taken out of context Ok, you win... You just made a conclusion out of a statement to judge about my feelings regarding self-defense.   Was not taken out of context Didn't said to this part of your post. Just my answer to your pointless complain.   if you do not like the topic of the post start your own post! Maybe you should read the part of the post you are requesting a title for again and answer my 2-3 questions there?
Then you do not have any documentation to defend your claims about guns on airplanes.   And as far as every day ordinary American citizens being allowed to carry guns onto airplanes, you have no documentation to defend your claims either. There is however historical evidence to show that the air marshal program works, perhaps you should look it up. Hint: early to mid 60's-1973. As I have said all along, air marshals make a great answer to this problem. It has worked in the past, perhaps we should use it more extensively now.   Whatever, so you beat up a five year old.   Ahhhhh....a witty retort Watson....you were by no chance the 5 y/o were you?  if you do not like the topic of the post start your own post!   Someone in the past on the gun boards was clear to point out to me that this is not my private forum. He has every right to post here.
 Ahhhhh....a witty retort Watson....you were by no chance the 5 y/o were you? ? Something like 'little brat'?   Someone in the past on the gun boards was clear to point out to me that this is not my private forum. He has every right to post here. Did I misunderstood his post? Or what did he mean?
Here is the quote from the safety experts on the air marshal program. "Putting merely one air marshal aboard every daily flight in the U.S. would require an army of at least 35,000 officers-a far greater number than total of all those who now work for the FBI, Secret Service and the U.S. Marshal Service combined (17,000). Moreover, he adds that one marshal might not be enough to foil a whole gang of hijackers, of the kind used by Osama bin Laden. Clearly, he says, it will take a long time to deploy enough marshals. "  Yes the extremist leftist attitude for this cost of the air marshal program is to make the airline company pay for it. Who pays the cost of added security measures that may not work? The customers!  Who pays the cost of airliners slamming into buildings, killing thousands, injuring thousands more, and destroying 100's of millions of property? And the lawsuits that follow? And the rebuilding? And the cost of new security measures? The American consumer is the one who picks up the tab for all this. Prevention is cheaper than mopping up the mess. 9/11 has cost more and will continue to cost the American consumer more money than any other domestic disaster in history. Besides, creating jobs would do more to stimulate the economy and the cost rise would be negligable to the consumer anyway. Paying 3 or 4 more dollars per ticket is not going to break most travelers.
So there is no reported case of the below quote ever taking place? No. And I never said there were.    One must take notice of the fact that every time a person defending unarmed passenger on airplanes they use phrases like the above quote. Any thing to vilify a persons right to defend themselves. For some unknown reason people like The_Comedian and sundowner would rather die from religious zealots flying them into a building then the chance they could die in a rescue attempt by armed law-abiding citizens. Dying while defending or dying in a crash is no difference and in that case the attempt to defend would be tried by anyone. Question is, are the dangers of confusing an ordinary citizen with a terrorist not too high?  As said several times, there weren't any similar hijacks to 9/11 before and after.
You have no reported incidents of what you have been claiming about law-abiding citizens carrying guns. Yet you chant the negative side of law-abiding citizens carrying guns. Typical tactics of people that want to ban the rights of other people! Never said ban the right, I said restrict it. And why I came to my conclusions I posted several times.
You as with all anti gun/gun control advocates are using undocumented statements to defend your demands to limit or ban a right. We may use undocumented states sometimes, but at least our posts are thought over. You never explained how a law-abiding citizen (read: gun owner in your language) could gain the skills and ability to protect a plane.  You have done nothing but vilify the law-abiding citizens that carries a gun with insults to push your goal of limiting or banning a right. If questioning the ability of an ordanary gun owner to judge such a situation right and to be effective against several terrorists, then yes, I am insulting them.
The first time anybody was EVER shot on board an airplane was during a hijacking. No gun toting citizen has ever shot anybody on an aircraft.  I thought gun-toting citizens weren't allowed on planes emoticon_confused      This ends up being a difficult point to argue on either side, since there is really not enough data or had research to draw a firm conclusion. I think the best argument for this would almost have to be the low number of inapropriate shootings by citizens carrying guns in general. There are over 40 states now that allow concealed carry, but according to the latest numbers from the ustice department the number of improper shootings is actually DOWN from where it was in the 1920's (the last time widespread concealed carry was allowed). They attribute this to the fact that most states that issues concealed carry permits require a class that explains the legal use of force.   I can't see any reason that aboard an airplane would be any different.  Definetly. If there was appropriate training (who conducts the legal use of force class? The police?) then that would hopefully eliminate those who are eager to use their shiny new toy.   What about the problem of liability? If you (collective you, not you personally) shoot someone on a plane while trying to take down a terrorist, are you legally and morally liable? Or are you free to do as you wish as long as you take down the hijacker? I know police are very careful when hostages are a part of the equation, and do whatever they can to ensure the safety of bystanders.   Sure, they would all die anyway, but would their families understand? What if they hijackers want to be flown to mexico, and then set all hostages free, and you try to stop them, kill them and several bystanders when everyone would have gotten out alive? I doubt hijackers share their detailed plan with hostages on planes. At least their true ones.  And guilt. I would feel crushing guilt knowing that when I missed I killed a mother of three.
They aren't anymore. The point was that for years they were, and it didn't cause any problems.  Good :) Were there any hijackings? That seems to be the main thrust of this topic, what happened during a hijacking.   Usually the NRA.   Do they get input from the police? If the police at least endorse it, if not conduct a class themselves, I would trust that there would be fewer questions later as to the appropriatness.    Liability is already established in such cases, and it depends on the circumstances. Civilians are held to much higer standards as far as liability goes than police officers are   As they should be. Police are trained to know what to do in different situations (theoretically). They should be trusted to have acted appropriately. Anything citizens without that training will do could endanger more lives.    As far as I know the only airline hijacking where everybody got out alive was the very first one, which was pretty much just a robbery   How many hijackings have there been? I wasn't aware of any other buildings being crashed into.     yep, that would be pretty bad. Target practice pretty much solves that problem, though  No matter how much training you've had, you can miss. If that loss is unnecessary then it's especially bad.
Law-abiding citizens are not allowed to carry guns onto airplanes. Too bad this cannot be said about criminals or terrorists!   Neither are law-abiding citzens allowed to strap dynamite onto their chests and run into a bank. What's your point?    It is estimated that guns are used 2.5 million times a year to defend their owners. Are there any incidents of these people harming innocent bystanders?   No accidents? Ever?    Training? How much training are the terrorists given?   We get people demanding that unarmed passengers attack armed terrorists. We get people demanding that unarmed passengers just sit there and be flown into a building. Let one person say law-abiding citizens should be allowed to carry guns and all of a sudden these law-abiding citizens are vilified with many insulting names.  I have no idea what your point is. I am not demanding anyone attack a terrorist. In fact, if I'm a hostage I don't want anyone who is a hostage with me attacking a terrorist at all. That would just get the rest of us killed along with you as his friends open fire.   You are not Rambo.
Once a citizen does this the citizens is a criminal.   Yes, I know. Was that your point? That people who do illegal things are criminals? I know this, no worries  Do you have any reported incidents of accidents after 2.5 million times a gun is used to defend the owner?   Thursday, January 8, 2004   Teen's Shooting Death An Accident   By Penne Usher Mountain View Telegraph A charge of involuntary manslaughter against a man accused of shooting a 15-year-old boy will stand, police say, despite claims by the victim's father that the shooting was not accidental. Jared Nelson was shot and killed Dec. 23 at his home in the Sunset Acres subdivision northwest of Moriarty. John Raikes, 19, was arrested at the scene and charged with involuntary manslaughter and negligent use of a deadly weapon, said Detective Clarence Gibson of the Torrance County Sheriff's Office. Gibson said a shotgun believed to be the weapon used in the shooting belonged to Raikes. "He was playing with the shotgun and accidentally shot (Nelson)," he said. Nelson sustained a fatal gunshot wound to his abdomen. Gibson said the two were best friends. Raikes, a local area resident, had recently moved in with the Nelson family at their Sunset Acres home where the shooting took place, said David Nelson, the victim's father. David Nelson said he does not believe the shooting was accidental, but Gibson said that claim is unfounded. He said the sheriff's office has completed its investigation and the charge of involuntary manslaughter will stand. "The kid didn't know any better- he thought the gun was empty," Gibson said. David Nelson said Raikes was behaving abnormally when he arrived at the Nelson home on the day of the shooting. "John was in a highly agitated state prior to arriving at the house that evening," Nelson said. "He wasn't combative, he wasn't wanting to fight, he was agitated about something else." Nelson said the family was not aware that Raikes had a shotgun. "We don't own firearms. The issue is not to have guns or not- the issue is to be responsible," Nelson said. Jared Nelson was a ninth-grader at Moriarty High School. David Nelson said grief counselors were available at the school Tuesday.   and    http://www.packing.org/news/article.jsp/9421  Accidental death suit goes to jurors   OAKLAND - Jurors will begin their first full day today discussing whether one of the world's largest gunmakers should pay millions to the parents of a Berkeley teenager accidentally shot to death by a friend.   ...Dix died after his best friend, Michael Soe, shot him in the chest with his father's Model 92 Compact L handgun. Michael, then 14, had replaced a full magazine in the gun with an empty one, but failed to check for a bullet in the chamber.   ...At the heart of the case, San Francisco attorney Elliot Peters said, is that the huge Maryland-based company outfitted its gun with an inadequate chamber-loaded indicator. The indicator was supposed to show the gun's handler when a bullet was in the chamber by displaying a red mark on the right side of the piece.   But it was so ill-conceived, Peters told jurors during closing arguments, that gun owner Clarence Soe never even knew it existed despite having fired the weapon 12,000 times at a shooting range.   ...Lawyers for the Dix family called in experts who testified that a better chamber-loaded indicator could be built for the Beretta. They showed jurors sections from the gun's manual stating there was no need to open the slide at the top of the gun to look for a bullet in the chamber because the indicator would do the job.   "Beretta knew and recognized this risk and chose to do nothing about it," Peters said.   Walnut Creek attorney Craig Livingston, representing Beretta, pointed out that blame for the shooting rested solely with Clarence and Michael Soe. Clarence Soe had an obligation to safely store the weapon, he said, one that he chose not to uphold when he left it in an unlocked camera bag in his bedroom.   He said the father and son, who both testified during the two-week trial, suffered from a "horrendous lack of judgment," which led to the death of Kenzo Dix.   ...It was the second time an Alameda County jury heard the case. The Dix case first went to trial in the fall of 1998, ending in a verdict favoring Beretta after a little more than two days of deliberations.   The decision was later overturned on appeal, though, after some jurors said they felt bullied by a juror who had sided with the gun distributor from nearly the beginning....   Here is the link for Accidental death suit goes    You can't argue that accidents don't happen.    So are you saying you do not think an airline passenger being flown into a building will kill you?  I'm saying that if I think that I might get out of a situation alive, I'd rather take that than you being a hero and trying to take down 5 armed terrorists and getting everyone killed.
Did this accident happen when a person was using a gun for self defense? No!  I never said accidents did not happen. Here is my question "Do you have any reported incidents of accidents after 2.5 million times a gun is used to defend the owner? " Of course being the anti gun/gun control advocate fanatic you are you will use any lie you can to push your goal of banning guns. Do you have any record incidents of an accident when a gun is used to defend the gun owner? No!    I'm sorry, your language was a little confusing. I didn't get what exactly you were asking. I thought you were claiming accidents never happened :)  Here's what you were looking for then:  MAN KILLS HIS WIFE'S MOTHER ACCIDENTALLY Houstonian Fires On Supposed Prowler When He Hears Scream; Verdict Is "Accidental Death"   Justice J. M. Ray Tuesday returned a verdict of accidental death in connection with the shooting at 7:20 p.m. Monday in which W. W. Wootan, 36, opened fire on his mother-in-law, Mrs. Ola Oldham, 50 of Bremond, when he thought she was a prowler in the back yard of the Wootan home at 1212 East Quitman. Mrs. Oldham died almost instantly from a bullet which struck her in the back of the neck which lodged at the base of the brain. Wootan, a fireman for the Southern Pacific, fired two shots when he heard his wife screaming from the direction of the garage, where she had gone to get out the car.   Wootan told Detectives Laird and Brown that Mrs. Oldham and Mrs. Madelyn Ballard of Lafayette, La.---the latter Mrs. Wootan's sister ---had been visiting at the home for several days. "We were all about to leave for the Trinity Baptist Church on Hogan Street." Wootan said "Our 10 year-old daughter, Mae Lavelle was going with us. "My wife generally drives the car and she left the house to go to the garage to get the car, and I was to lock up after everybody got out of the house. "I heard my wife scream near the garage."   "I had my gun in my pocket as I always carry a gun when I go out at night. "I didn't notice when my mother-in-law left the house, but I saw Mrs. Ballard and my daughter on the back porch. "I thought I saw a shadow move near the back step and I fired my gun in that direction twice. "I didn't know just why I was shooting, but I was afraid and shot. "After the shooting, I rushed out from where I was standing near the back door leading to the porch and I think I stepped over a body on the ground.   "I met my wife midway between the porch and the garage. "We went to the back steps and I saw I had shot my mother-in-law. "I shot her accidentally. We were always on the best of terms and I never intended to injure her in any way. "Several persons arrived and we took Mrs. Oldham into the house and put her on the bed. "She appeared to be dead when I got to her. "My mother-in-law was always kind to my wife and myself and I wouldn't have had this happen for anything on earth."   Mrs. Wootan told the officers that she went to the garage with the idea of taking the car out and parking it in the driveway to save time. "I started to open the garage door," Mrs. Wootan said. "I turned around and saw the shadow of some object. "At first I thought it was a dog and then decided it might be a man and I screamed several times. "Then I heard two shots. "I saw an object fall and I cried: "Oh, you killed the baby!" "When I said that, others in the house started to scream and my husband ran out into the yard and I wrenched a gun out of his hand."   "Then I discovered that it was my mother who was shot. "Someone picked up my mother and took her into the house and put her on the bed. "She didn't say anything after she was shot. "There was never any trouble between my husband and my mother. They always thought a great deal of each other. "The only reason my husband shot was that he was afraid someone was after me."   Carl Ross, Boulevard ambulance driver, was called to the scene but found Mrs. Oldham dead on arrival.   Funeral arrangements for Mrs. Oldham will be announced by the Fogle-West Company.   Mrs. Oldham is survived by her husband, J. F. Oldham of Bremond: three daughters, Mrs. W. W. Wootan of Houston, Mrs. M. C. Smith of Livingston and Mrs. M. P. Ballard of Lafayette, La.; two sons, Bryan Oldham of Houston and Neil Oldham of Bremond; parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Brantner of Bremond; five sisters, Mrs. A. E. Jones , Mrs. J. A. Pryor, Mrs. J. T. Comer and Mrs. R. M. White of Bremond and Mrs. Lena Lee of Houston; four brothers, G. W. Brantner of Friendswood, Lee, Morris and Roy Brantner of Bremond, and two grandchildren.       This could be said of the airline passengers on 9/11 when the first three airplanes hijacked were flown into buildings. Once the passengers on the fourth airplane were made aware of this by their family members on cell phones they reacted like they did. They choose to die fighting. They prevented an airplane from striking another building and saving the lives of other people.  And they didn't need a gun to do it?!?!?!?!?!?! :O :O :O OMG how did they do it WITHOUT BEING ARMED?!!?!
 Generally not. The police are nowhere near the experts in law hat you seem to think (thus the pathetically low conviction rate in America). The NRA has always been considered foremost experts in firearms safety and their proper use. This was actually the reason the NRA was started. They only stepped up as a guns rights orginaisation after the anti gunners went on the offensive. In many places (including around here) the NRA teaches the cops the classes on safe firearm handling and appropriate use of force.  I wasn't thinking firearm safety, because I would agree that, as the NRA's main occupation being the handling of firearms, I would imagine they're quite good at that :P I was thinking more the legality of using their weapon. If the NRA and the police are seeing eye to eye as to what's appropriate, then there's no problem. Do you see what I mean? Then there would be no questions later.      Since police are trained to this theoretically high level of awareness regarding the use of force, shouldn't they be held to a higher standard? TRaditionally if a police officer is found to have use force improperly or has an accidental shooting, they face suspension or even loss of their job. A private citizen guilty of the same thing faces prison. Seems a little lopsided to me, especially when you consider that police are MORE likely than private citizens to commit such an offense (this has been attributed to the kind of folks that become cops).  No, I would think police should know what is appropriate, so they should be given more leeway in regard to what they do. They are also a government agency, created to protect us. What they do they do to protect all of us. That limits their liability. Obviously excessive use of force should be looked into, but their training should allow them some leeway as to what they are allowed to do.  Private citizens are liable for their own actions, since they are private citizens.     Dozens, maybe hundreds. MOst hiackings do not end with buildings being crashed into. During a period from the late sixties to the early eighties hijackings were a real problem.   Here? In the US? Wow, I did not know that. Wait, and they all ended with the passengers being killed? Somehow I would think I would have heard about that :S      This is true. Since civilian marksmanship programs commonly hold civilians to a higher standard than law enforcement officers, would't that mean that in all propreity we should be working to ban cops carrying guns on planes as opposed to law abiding citizens?  Did you people all miss that deal a couple years ago about the guy suing the LAPD because according to their entrance tests he was too smart to be a cop? His IQ was only 123. THis is pretty average (when you discount mentally retarded people). How can you put so much faith in a bunch of folks when their departments have procedures in place to ensure that they only hire the dumbest of the mediocre?  I can't comment on their hiring procedures, since I don't know exactly what they look for in a recruit :P I would also rather have a police officer, since I know that everything he does will have the safety of the passengers in the forefront of his mind. A private citizen just wants to be Rambo and have a shootout. No thank you!
Actually even with a concealed weapons permit, I do not believe you are allowed to possess a firearm on board an aircraft.  The Second Amendment protects the right to OWN firearms and other weapons, and to use them in self defense. It does not grant a person the right to bring a gun on a plane, nor do I see how it could be interpreted to mean such a thing. Where do you get this question?  And terrorists already recieve their weapons illegally. It is NOT LEGAL for any country to sell weapons to a terrorist country/nation/organization. But somehow they always get their hands on weapons. Hmm... I don't think they go out to their local shooting range and pick up a 9mm pistol. While it is possible (if they passed the backgroud check that is), its not probable. Because they would still have the illegal avenue to pursue the purchase of firearms with. If you want to ban firearms, the only thing you're doing is taking away the rights of citizens to defend themselves. Terrorists and criminals in general will find a way to obtain the firearms they desire no matter what laws are in effect. Llike they would follow the laws anyways? They ARE terrorists you know.)  I agree that the second ammendment does not give us the right to carry guns onto airplanes. It seems to me that terrorists would have no problem legally obtaining firearms, after all, they got pilots licenses legally. I actually took all of my practical flight exams with the same examiners that tested many of the terrorists. The terrorists did nothing illegal in the US until they hijacked those planes. Terrorists could go to any gun store and get a gun with the proper credentials. After all, they are not terrorists until they commit an act of terrorism. Banning guns will not stop them from getting them, but we do need security to assure that they don't get on the planes with them. I don't think there are many people here that are calling for banning guns.
This security you defend did nothing to keep employees of the airlines from placing drugs and guns on an airplane!  Hatred of rights blinds people like you!  Smuggling drugs in the cargo hold of an aircraft and carrying a gun into the cabin of an aircraft are 2 completely different things. Yes, it happened, get over it. The question is: What can be done about it, how can we prevent it in the future? Being able to carry your gun onto a commercial flight is not going to stop people from doing this. We need to identify and fix problems with security, not create more by allowing everyone (which includes terrorists) to carry guns onto aircraft. And I wonder how we caught these smugglers...could it possibly have been security measures in place? And just what hatred of what right are you referring to?
How are you going to stop an airline employee that has access to the airplanes from hiding a gun onboard the airplanes for terrorists to use? Employees already get searched before boarding a plane.  Nice use of the term weapon by you in past post. Any item a person is carrying can be used as a weapon You can threat more people more easily with a gun than with a pencil or an umbrella.
Like the employees did when drugs and weapons were placed on the last airplane! They could because the safety measures weren't taken as they should have been. Just because they failed once you want to abolish these controls?
So now you are accusing the security people at the airports of not doing their jobs!  Apparently they weren't.   Maybe they were paid to not do their job. Next time it may be terrorist forcing them to allow other employees to place guns onboard airplanes. How will the terrorist do this? Simple they will tell the security person that a member or members of their family will be harmed if they do not do as instructed! Bank robbers have used this act in the past to rob banks. There's no such thing like 100% safety. But you can make it as hard as possible for terrorists to get a weapon onboard.
Is this your logic in denying airline passengers the right to defend themselves? Do you also use this logic when you purchase insurance? Insurance is like owning a gun. These two items are only good when you need them if you have them at the time of need. After drinking a bottle of booze, I couldn't kill someone with my insurance :p .  My opinion is simply that, that there a better ways to protect people than just letting them carry a gun on board of a plane. The government could even use armed passengers as a lame excuse after the next hijack; after all, the passengers could have handled the situation themselves...(sorry, this was not very argumentative).
How are you going to stop an airline employee that has access to the airplanes from hiding a gun onboard the airplanes for terrorists to use?  Nice use of the term weapon by you in past post. Any item a person is carrying can be used as a weapon  Welcome back! Going to stick around for a while to debate the issues? I hope so.   Let's see. How am I going to stop the employee. Hmmm...perhaps proper pre-employment screening, proper security screening for all airport employees as they come to work, random surveilance of airport employees, tougher penalties for those commiting such crimes...etc. There are many ways to do this. Remember that no security measures are perfect. We will never be safe, only safer.  And what is your point about weapons/guns? I don't get it.
Criminals in the past have resorted to taking the families of bank mangers hostage to rob banks. So even with all of your security measure in place the terrorist will do this. Or the terrorist will become employed by the airlines. Not all people in these extremist religious sects have criminal records.   I bet you that is what you will do. You will copy the security procedures used around their nukes. The military has something called a no alone zone. That means no one allowed in these zones alone. Wait if this system worked for the military there would be no need for these people in these no alone zones to be armed. But these people are armed in no alone zones, I wonder why?  So i ask you, what is your solution? How will it work? How can your solution provide greater safety? What problems will be inherent in your solution? How will you fix these problems?   If you can honestly answer these, perhaps your argument might make some sense...however, judging by your past record...I doubt you can.
The best way to protect your self is to find a different mode of transportion. You could not get me in a plane now adays. 3 hour wait the airport get frisked like a convict. Eat garbage for food and worry about some shumuck that might kill you. No way. I do not beleve that the goverment has worked out the bugs on planes. God gave me feet not wings. emoticon_xdonno  And it's a long walk / swim to Europe from New York for you and your feet. Don't imagine that cruise ships are any more secure than aircraft...actually, they would be easier targets...as they lack much of the security provided when flying. And good luck driving to Europe, hope you have Aquatreads.
 There is no way to stop it.With each increase in security measures that people like you demand, the terrorist will just change their tactics and go around them. Resulting in tragic events like on 9/11.  Prior to the ban on carrying guns aboard planes there was no one acting like heros. Did planes get hijacked before the ban on carrying guns aboard planes? Sure were. Did people on these planes have firearms? No one knows. We do know that when guns were allowed on planes no one acted like a hero.  So let me sum up what you tried to say.  1. There is no way to stop it. :   Meaning- Terrorists will continue to try to attack us in the future, and there is nothing we can do to stop it...so do nothing.  2. With each increase in security measures that people like you demand, the terrorist will just change their tactics and go around them. Resulting in tragic events like on 9/11. :   Meaning- So in other words, the more roadblocks we put in front of terrorists, the more they will attack us. And these terrorist acts are also the fault of those who put these security measures in place. So do nothing, and the terrorists will just go away.  3. Prior to the ban on carrying guns aboard planes there was no one acting like heros. Did planes get hijacked before the ban on carrying guns aboard planes? Sure were. Did people on these planes have firearms? No one knows. We do know that when guns were allowed on planes no one acted like a hero. :  Meaning- Nobody jumped up and fought with the terrorists prior to guns being banned on aircraft...but then again, we don't even know if there were armed passengers on the aircraft. Terrorists did hijack aircraft depsite the fact that it was possible there were armed citizens aboard the aircraft. If there were armed people on the aircraft, they were cowardly gun toting people who despite the fact that they could have potentially intervened in a terrorist hijacking, they chose to sit in their seat and do nothing.   My response:  Comparing hijackings pre 9/11 and post 9/11 is pointless. Terrorism before 9/11 and after 9/11 have 2 distinctly different meanings. In pre 9/11 hijackings, planes were taken by armed passengers who either legally or illegally took guns on board aircraft, took the aircraft, then demanded to go to a non-extridition country such as Cuba, and held the passengers as hostages in order to achieve some sort of political goal. This happened fairly often...why do you think they banned guns on aircraft in the first place? 9/11 taught us that the new face of terrorism is something much more sinister and deserving of attention. This new breed of terrorist still desires for political change, however is willing to kill thousands of innocent people and themselves in the process. Arming the citizens on board aircraft has proven in the past not only to fail, but make it vastly easier for terrorists to carry lethal weapons on board airplanes and hijack aircraft. Why would we want to make the process any easier on them?   I have little time or patience for people who repeatedly will criticize others for their possible solutions to such problems, but offer none of their own. As you recall, I did ask you if you had a solution, and you stated: "There is no way to stop it.With each increase in security measures that people like you demand, the terrorist will just change their tactics and go around them. Resulting in tragic events like on 9/11." Why don't you just state you real agenda and stop hiding inside you inane argument. IMHO, your philosophy stinks of the anti-government type who supports only his own rights and ignores the negative consequences that they can have on society as a whole. They hide behind the 2nd ammendment of the constitution of a government and people they could care less about, all in the name of their own personal freedoms. The kind of people who will whine and complain about not being able to carry their guns at 30000 feet for no other reason than the government told them that they cannot, and they simply do not want the government to tell them what they may and may not do.
Why because you cannot defend your demands? Before 9/11 when law-abiding Americans were allowed to carry guns on planes how many people died during these hijackings?    Actually, I think it was up until the late 1960's that people were allowed to carry guns on aircraft, not 9/10/01. Some people were killed in pre-9/11 hijackings, but again...it was not the same kind of terrorist. And regardless, it is obvious that allowing people to carry guns on aircraft did not stem the tide of hijackings. As you even mentioned yourself, we do not even know if anyone was carrying on any of those flights. As I pointed out, if there was, they certainly did not pull them out to challenge the terrorists. But it must be obvious...even to you, that the terrorists back then knew that people could carry on the flights, and it did not seem to stop them. If it is not going to stop those terrorists, how can anyone assume that it will stop suicidal terrorists who are bent on destruction and killing innocent Americans at any cost?   If you were capable of comprehending the concept of punishment, you would know the answer. You do not punish law-abiding citizens. You punish criminals or in the case of 9/11 the terrorist that waged war on America. Now you will claim the terrorist died that day along with unarmed law-abiding Americans. The terrorist countries and governments that planned, financed, and sent the terrorist are not gone.   I have never mentioned punishing law abiding citizens. And yes, I know who was responsible for 9/11...they are called terrorists, thank you for providing me with that astonishing piece of intelligence. I know they are not gone, I watch the news. I know that we, as well as many other nations remain targets and will be attacked in the future.   Why are terrorists starting to attack American targets now? Because people like you only want to compromise with terrorist countries. Your solution is to make targets more secure thus increasing the political advantage of attacking them. The terrorists get more political leverage for their efforts the harder it is to take a target. The terrorist experts stated they cannot prevent another 9/11. You must think you can, because all you want treat every law-abiding America as a terrorist! All in the name of attempting to prevent something that the terrorist experts stated we cannot prevent.    I want to compromise with terrorist countries? Let me write that down. emoticon_wow You know very little about me to be able to make that kind of statement. You know little of my politics, nor little of my current feelings about the terrorists. I do not see how making a target more secure you are increasing "political leverage". What a rediculous term anyway. Terrorists seek the targets the provide the least risk of failure, and the greatest shock value to the American public. Taking a nuclear launch facility inside the US would be a highly valuable score for terrorists, and extremely hard to do. Do you honestly think the terrorists would attempt it? Not a chance. Terrorists seek soft targets where they can easily carry out their plans to kills many innocent civilians. And any "expert" that says we cannot prevent terrorist attacks needs to go back and study some more. We may not be able to prevent all of them, but looking back now at all the clues left leading up to 9/11, we see where we might have been able to step in. Of course, pre-9/11 terrorism was something that most Americans thought happened in the ME, Africa, and Northern Ireland. I never stated that I want to treat all Americans as terrorists, I don't know where you get your misinformation from.   You do nothing to the terrorist countries or governments that sent the terrorist to wage war on America! You will treat law-abiding Americans as terrorists!   Personally, no, in the past 8 years I have not done anything to those countries. I support America's war on terrorism, I support the war in Iraq, and I think more needs to be done to seek out and destroy terrorists on a global scale. And again, how is it that I want to treat law abiding citizens as terrorists?
This is how you respond to gun owners when they do not act as you claim gun owners will. These people if they were on these airplanes acted responsible. Since they did not do as you claimed they would you have to attack them by calling them names.   And how exactly did I claim that gun owners would act? And by responsible, you mean that they kept their guns holstered and did not attempt to use them? Well, if so, I am confused. I thought you were claiming that responsible gun owners (those with training who were able to use a gun properly and accurately) would use their firearms to stop a hijacking? Isn't that why you think that everyone should be able to carry them on board? I am not attacking anyone, I am just pointing out that if there were armed citizens on board, and again, we do not know if there were, they did not use their guns. I am also pointing out that even though the terrorists were aware of the possibility of armed passengers, they still decided to hijack aircraft. It seems as if guns do not deter terrorism. In fact, it seems as if allowing people to carry guns on board aircraft made it easier for the terrorists to hijack them, as the terrorists in many cases just walked right on board with the guns.   When your treat law-abiding citizens as potential terrorist it is punishing them. You know some what how the Nazis treated all people as suspects by asking for their papers.   How is enforcing a gun free zone (ie...aircraft) treating people like terrorists? Remember that flying is a completely voluntary act, you do not have to get on the aircraft. So in other words, if you choose to get on the aircraft, you agree to follow the regulations that govern the operation of the aircraft. If you don't like those regulations, you are free to charter a private aircraft where you may carry as many guns as you wish. You make it seem as if flying on the airlines is something that you are forced to do. People know that when they purchase an airline ticket, they are not allowed to bring any prohibited items aboard the aircraft, ie..guns, knives...etc. Also, people know that they will be subject to search, and possible criminal charges if they attempt to violate the regulations. People buy their tickets voluntarily, get into the security line voluntarily, and get on the aircraft voluntarily. It is their choice to do so, and in such, they agree to play by the rules.   So are you demanded nuclear security at airports? Who is going to pay the bill for this? Come socialist last time you were asked this you said the airlines would pick up the cost of security. I guess in your economic logic is this is not passed on to the customer.   I never demanded any such thing. I think we have the right idea when it comes to security screening at the airport, although they need to be a little more attentive, and perhaps get a little better scanning and detection equipment. And yes, the airlines should pick up the tab for the increased security measures, based on the number of passengers that particular airline places in the security lines at each airport. I myself am perfectly happy to pay a $3 fee for added security measures every time I fly, since I understand the value of such security. $3 is not going to break the bank, and if this fee were applied to every passenger, it would provide vast amounts of money for the added security measures. It also allows for the funding of the security measures to come from those people who benefit from them, instead of throwing the burden onto the taxpayers. In other words, only those who fly pay for it. And just remember, flying is voluntary, so if you don't like the fee, you can always take the bus.
 How do you purpose to check every passenger for weapons? When you treat law-abiding citizens as potential terrorist it is punishing them. You know some what how the Nazis treated all people as suspects by asking for their papers.    Er... don't they do this? I thought that was the point of all those fancy detectors and security screenings.  I guess you don't agree with checking passports either emoticon_smile
Yep, they are so fancy that people need to take off items like shoes, cloths, belts, and empty their pockets to go through them.   As for passport that is for travel from one country to another.  And I suppose you know of a machine that can tell the difference between a knife or gun and some other kind of metal that a person has on them? ie... belt buckles, metal soles in shoes, car keys, watches, jewelry, etc...   Would you rather everyone just walk to the plane with no screening at all?
You are defending the security measures you demand that treat law-abiding passengers as terrorist not me. So you need to answer your own question.  As pointed out there was the problem prior to the ban on people carrying guns on airplanes. People that had guns acted how you wanted them too. There were no gun battles on airplanes as you claimed. Yet you had to use degrading names to describe law-abiding citizens carrying guns.  No, I asked you: Would you rather no screening at all? You should know my opinion on this...I asked you. You can either answer it, or dodge it...your choice.  How did I want them to act? I don't believe I have ever made the statement that I wanted people to carry guns on aircraft in the first place, so I certainly would not have expectations of those people. And if nobody used them, in any of the hijackings that took place...what is the point of having them? Remember, the fact that everyone was allowed to carry a gun on board made it easier for the terrorists to hijack the aircraft. Just like allowing people to carry a knife with up to a four inch blade made it easier for the terrorists on 9/11 to hijack the aircraft. They just walked right on with their legal weapons...and bam...3000 people dead. And what degrading names did I use? Are you talking about me saying that they were cowardly? Well, if they had guns, and could have prevented or stopped the hijacking in the process as you claim guns will, and did not use them, I would say that is a cowardly act.
You are just like the college kid that attacked the football player that passed up a career in football. Only to die defending what he believed in. The college kid far from any danger vilified an American that died for his country.  I have no idea how you got this from the debate that we were having, guess you just don't want to discuss the real issues?
I responded no.  My reasoning would be that a law abiding citizen wouldn't need a gun or weapon aboard an airplane flight.  If the gun or weapon was for personal protection,what would be the need for a weapon if no one else had one.In that case,I would say it could be checked with the luggage upon arrival at the airport,although I'm not fully aware of the laws concerning transportation of firearms.
In that case,I would say it could be checked with the luggage upon arrival at the airport,although I'm not fully aware of the laws concerning transportation of firearms.   Declared upon check-in. Unloaded. Clip out of gun. In locked container. Owner retains the key at all times. Only in checked luggage.
BTW...does anyone happen to know why he was banned this time? I though he was being fairly decent this time...illogical, but decent none the less.
40 reasons For Gun Control    _________________________________________________       Significant portions of this article are excerpted from Michael Z. Williamson's excellent and witty piece, It's amazing what one has to believe to believe in gun control"    1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, & Chicago cops need guns.  2. Washington DC's low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Indianapolis' high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.  3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are "just statistics."  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.  5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.  6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.  7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you.  8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.  9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should "put up no defense -- give them what they want, or run" (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don't Die - People Do, 1981, p.125).  10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.  11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seatbelts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for internal medicine, a computer programmer for hard drive problems, and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise.  12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1787, refers to the National Guard, which was created 130 years later, in 1917.  13. The National Guard, federally funded, with bases on federal land, using federally-owned weapons, vehicles, buildings and uniforms, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a "state" militia.  14. These phrases: "right of the people peaceably to assemble," "right of the people to be secure in their homes," "enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people," and "The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people" all refer to individuals, but "the right of the people to keep and bear arm" refers to the state.  15. "The Constitution is strong and will never change." But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th Amendments to that Constitution.  16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense! Of course, the army has hundreds of thousands of them.  17. Private citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they aren't "military weapons", but private citizens shouldn't have "assault rifles", because they are military weapons.  18. In spite of waiting periods, background checks, finger printing, government forms, etc., guns today are too readily available, which is responsible for recent school shootings. In the 1940's, 1950's and1960's, anyone could buy guns at hardware stores, army surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, Sears mail order, no waiting, no background check, no fingerprints, no government forms and there were no school shootings.  19. The NRA's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, but the anti-gun lobby's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign is responsible social activity.  20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.  21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.  22. Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is "an accident waiting to happen" and gun makers' advertisements aimed at women are "preying on their fears."  23. Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed.  24. Guns cause violence, which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows.  25. A majority of the population supports gun control, just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves.  26. Any self-loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a "weapon of mass destruction" or an "assault weapon."  27. Most people can't be trusted, so we should have laws against guns, which most people will abide by because they can be trusted.  28. The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights, but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights.  29. Free speech entitles one to own newspapers, transmitters, computers, and typewriters, but self-defense only justifies bare hands.  30. The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution, and the NRA is bad, because it defends other parts of the Constitution.  31. Charlton Heston, a movie actor as president of the NRA is a cheap lunatic who should be ignored, but Michael Douglas, a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control, Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit.  32. Police operate with backup within groups, which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do "civilians" who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition.  33. We should ban "Saturday Night Specials" and other inexpensive guns because it's not fair that poor people have access to guns too.  34. Police officers have some special Jedi-like mastery over hand guns that private citizens can never hope to obtain.  35. Private citizens don't need a gun for self-protection because the police are there to protect them even though the Supreme Court says the police are not responsible for their protection.  36. Citizens don't need to carry a gun for personal protection but police chiefs, who are desk-bound administrators who work in a building filled with cops, need a gun.  37. "Assault weapons" have no purpose other than to kill large numbers of people. The police need assault weapons. You do not.  38. When Microsoft pressures its distributors to give Microsoft preferential promotion, that's bad; but when the Federal government pressures cities to buy guns only from Smith & Wesson, that's good.  39. Trigger locks do not interfere with the ability to use a gun for defensive purposes, which is why you see police officers with one on their duty weapon.  40. Handgun Control, Inc. says they want to "keep guns out of the wrong hands." Guess what? You have the wrong hands   That is a lot, but I want gun control. I want:  1) Instant background checks. No waiting period. No cool off time. No central database of gun owners. 2) Larger budget for law enforcement for persecution of firearm offenders. No larger budget for law enforecemnt + unconstitutional gun laws on the same bill before Congress. 3) Expanded civilian training such as Civilian Marksmanship Program to include all manner of modern military weapons. 4) If the militia is the National Guard, then I want formal seperation of National Guard from Federal authority.
  And the state... States can have armies... The people are the Militia.  The National Guard interpretation of the militia is totally false. The NG is a standing army. The militia is not. The NG can be federalized. The militia can not. They wear the same uniforms. The officers all know each other and play golf together.  If the NG is the militia, then I want to have stock plies of weapons at schools, hospitals, libraries, and churches. No federalization of NG. Complete and total seperation of NG from federal influence, communication, and socializatlion, right down to even different uniforms.
Here is the definition of pro: 1 : an argument or evidence in affirmation <an appraisal of the pros and cons<  2 : the affirmative side or one holding it  You claim to be defending the right to bear arms. Yet you defend the very gun control laws that the gun haters want!  How are you defending the right to bear arms if you want the very same gun control laws as the gun haters?  I have laid down some conditions before I give up my guns. They are not going to happen. There is no way I see within my life, that the 2nd Amendment will be repealled. There is no way that the National Guard will become "militia-ized" in my life time.
  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991. I'm not sure where you get your statistics from. You seem to be very vague about a lot of your sources, but check out this USDOJ report entitled "Violent crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/viort.htm  Now, I've heard a lot of claims from pro-gunners about how crime in the UK and Australia has been skyrocketing since new gun laws went into effect in those nations. But they say nothing about how the US violent crime rate has been steadily decreasing since 1994 when new gun laws took effect. Why the inconsistency?
I'm not sure where you get your statistics from. You seem to be very vague about a lot of your sources, but check out this USDOJ report entitled "Violent crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/viort.htm  Now, I've heard a lot of claims from pro-gunners about how crime in the UK and Australia has been skyrocketing since new gun laws went into effect in those nations. But they say nothing about how the US violent crime rate has been steadily decreasing since 1994 when new gun laws took effect. Why the inconsistency?   Overlay and extend that plot with the Dow Jones Industrial average to extend beyond 1998. What do you see?  Guns do not cause crime.  Crime is more related to economy, education, and social ills.
***Yawn*** revisionist history... Well here are the facts from http://www.gunowners.org/fs0404.htm:  D. Myth #4: Recent gun control laws have reduced the U.S. murder rate.  1. Murder rate was already decreasing before Brady and semi-auto gun ban passed. Those who claim that the two gun control laws enacted in 1994 have reduced the murder rate ignore the fact that the U.S. murder rate has been decreasing from the high it reached in 1991.172 Thus, the murder rate had already begun decreasing two to three years before the Brady law and the semi-auto gun ban became law.  2. Murder rate decrease results from fewer violent youths. The Democratic Judiciary Committee noted in 1991 that, "An analysis of the murder tolls since 1960 offers compelling evidence of the link-the significant rise of murder in the late 1960's, and the slight decrease in murder in the early 1980's follows from an unusually large number of 18-24 year-olds in the general population. This age group is the most violent one, as well as the group most likely to be victimized-and the murder figures ebb and flow with their ranks."173 (Emphasis added.)  3. According to the Clinton Justice Department, crime has decreased even while the number of guns increased. The Bureau of Justice Statistics, the research arm of the Justice Department, reported in 2000 that while the number of firearms in circulation rose nearly 10% during a recent five-year period, gun-related deaths and woundings dropped 33%.174  4. Concealed carry laws have dropped murder and crime rates in the states that have enacted them. According to a comprehensive study which studied crime statistics in all of the counties in the United States from 1977 to 1992, states which passed concealed carry laws reduced their murder rate by 8.5%, rapes by 5%, aggravated assaults by 7% and robbery by 3%.175 BS. Where is the raw data... The link you show is from www.gunowners.org over there and does not give links to the raw data so it is probably skewed to make themselves look better.   Your own words condemn you
BS. Where is the raw data... The link you show is from www.gunowners.org over there and does not give links to the raw data so it is probably skewed to make themselves look better.   Your own words condemn you  Your experience with raw data is laughable. Your UK raw data says NOTHING about a causal relationship between guns and crime.
Your experience with raw data is laughable. Your UK raw data says NOTHING about a causal relationship between guns and crime. A strawman argument. I never claimed that there was a casual relationship. Another one of the numerous times when you've attempted to put words in my mouth.
Check out this USDOJ report entitled "Violent crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/viort.htm  Why do you call this revisionist history? And please don't copy and paste a bunch of stuff from some progun website again.
So what the hell does that have to do with anything... oh and do not tell me that the AWB was the reason... Assault weapons are used in less than .20% of crimes:  "Assault weapons are not the weapons of choice among drug dealers, gang members or criminals in general. Assault weapons are used in about one-fifth of one percent (.20%) of all violent crimes and about one percent in gun crimes. It is estimated that from one to seven percent of all homicides are committed with assault weapons (rifles of any type are involved in three to four percent of all homicides). However a higher percentage are used in police homicides, roughly ten percent. (There has been no consistent trend in this rate from 1978 through 1996.) Between 1992 and 1996 less than 4% of mass murders, committed with guns, involved assault weapons. (Our deadliest mass murders have either involved arson or bombs.) "  Whats your point? My point was to ask you a question. Why do you call it revisionist history?
Still haven't addressed the topic of the thread...  1. Banning guns works, which is why New York, DC, & Chicago cops need guns.  2. Washington DC's low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control, and Indianapolis' high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control.  3. Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are "just statistics."  4. The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban, both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates, which have been declining since 1991.  5. We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid.  6. The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals.  7. An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray, but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you.  8. A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet.  9. When confronted by violent criminals, you should "put up no defense -- give them what they want, or run" (Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields, Guns Don't Die - People Do, 1981, p.125).  10. The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery.  11. One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seatbelts, a civil engineer for a better bridge, a surgeon for internal medicine, a computer programmer for hard drive problems, and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise.  12. The 2nd Amendment, ratified in 1787, refers to the National Guard, which was created 130 years later, in 1917.  13. The National Guard, federally funded, with bases on federal land, using federally-owned weapons, vehicles, buildings and uniforms, punishing trespassers under federal law, is a "state" militia.  14. These phrases: "right of the people peaceably to assemble," "right of the people to be secure in their homes," "enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people," and "The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively, and to the people" all refer to individuals, but "the right of the people to keep and bear arm" refers to the state.  15. "The Constitution is strong and will never change." But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd, 4th, and 5th Amendments to that Constitution.  16. Rifles and handguns aren't necessary to national defense! Of course, the army has hundreds of thousands of them.  17. Private citizens shouldn't have handguns, because they aren't "military weapons", but private citizens shouldn't have "assault rifles", because they are military weapons.  18. In spite of waiting periods, background checks, finger printing, government forms, etc., guns today are too readily available, which is responsible for recent school shootings. In the 1940's, 1950's and1960's, anyone could buy guns at hardware stores, army surplus stores, gas stations, variety stores, Sears mail order, no waiting, no background check, no fingerprints, no government forms and there were no school shootings.  19. The NRA's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda, but the anti-gun lobby's attempt to run a "don't touch" campaign is responsible social activity.  20. Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly, and so simple to use that they make murder easy.  21. A handgun, with up to 4 controls, is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use, as opposed to an automobile that only has 20.  22. Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is "an accident waiting to happen" and gun makers' advertisements aimed at women are "preying on their fears."  23. Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed.  24. Guns cause violence, which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows.  25. A majority of the population supports gun control, just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves.  26. Any self-loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a "weapon of mass destruction" or an "assault weapon."  27. Most people can't be trusted, so we should have laws against guns, which most people will abide by because they can be trusted.  28. The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights, but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights.  29. Free speech entitles one to own newspapers, transmitters, computers, and typewriters, but self-defense only justifies bare hands.  30. The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution, and the NRA is bad, because it defends other parts of the Constitution.  31. Charlton Heston, a movie actor as president of the NRA is a cheap lunatic who should be ignored, but Michael Douglas, a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control, Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit.  32. Police operate with backup within groups, which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do "civilians" who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition.  33. We should ban "Saturday Night Specials" and other inexpensive guns because it's not fair that poor people have access to guns too.  34. Police officers have some special Jedi-like mastery over hand guns that private citizens can never hope to obtain. A lot of those points are strawman arguments. The author is saying if you believe in gun control then you believe these things. Well, I believe in gun-control and I don't believe a lot of those things the author just posted. So the author must not be familiar with the arguments that pro-gun-control people make.
Nice try, but no cigar. It's been widely reported, even on liberal-run media, that states with 'conceal carry laws' have had a reduction in overall crime and more dramatic reductions in specific crimes like murder, etc.  Myself, I don't worry with providing 'raw data' for lazy liberals who won't be swayed in their rabid hatred of 'gun ownership' anyway. Just keep believing Sarah Brady and the rest of those fools.  However, you might want to read some of John Lott's stuff:  http://www.johnrlott.com/  http://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/493636.html "According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reports, from 1997 to 1998 the nation's overall crime rate dropped 6.4%, from 4930.0 to 4615.5 crimes per 100,000 population. More telling is this continuing trend where crime fell faster in states that have strict carrying concealed weapons (CCW) laws or that do not allow the carrying of concealed weapons at all than in states which have lax CCW laws."  "From 1992 to 1998 (the last six years for which data exists), the violent crime rate in the strict and no-issue states fell 30% while the violent crime rate for the 11 states that had liberal CCW laws (where law enforcement must issue CCW licenses to almost all applicants) during this entire period dropped only 15%." http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/research/?page=conctruth&menu=gvr
The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around. And people with a concealed weapons permit are more likely to commit a crime. Florida and Texas have had a lot of problems.  "From 1996 to 2000, Texas concealed handgun license holders were arrested for weapon-related offenses at a rate 81 percent higher than that of the general population of Texas, aged 21 and older which amounts to more than one weapon-related offense every other day since the law went into effect." http://www.vpc.org/press/0206ltk.htm  "Concludes Glick, 'Florida's law has made it substantially easier for individuals with criminal records or criminal intent to go about armed. The findings in Concealed Carry: The Criminal's Companion demonstrate that Florida's concealed carry law is definitely a model one not to be followed.' " http://www.vpc.org/press/9511ccw.htm
The problem is that allowing people to legally carry concealed weapons makes it easier for criminals to carry guns around.  Apply this logic to other things Americans commit crimes with such as cars, knives, baseball bats, hammers, and poison. The problem with allowing people to have anything is it can be used to kill other people.  Criminals will not obey control laws. Criminals will not be affected by gun control laws. The only people affected by gun control laws will be the law-abiding citizen that waits unarmed for the police to come when an armed criminal is attacking them.   This cannot be said enough times and it falls on the deaf ears anti gun/gun control advocates! The anti gun/gun control advocates want one thing that is to take the right to bear arms away from the American people.  Criminals will not obey control laws. Criminals will not be affected by gun control laws. You offer no evidence to back up your claims and the links to the studies above prove that you're wrong.
Without all of the information that study means nothing. Now apply that logic to cars. Is a person a criminal when they first purchase a car? Is this person a criminal when they use the car to drag race on a public street resulting in an accident? It is a crime to drag race on public streets. So was the drag racer a criminal when they purchased the car or after they used the legal item to violate the law against drag racing on a public street? So you want to apply your logic to cars? Here goes. "Cars don't kill people. People kill people. Therefore all traffic laws should be abolished. There should be no stop signs or speed limits. The government should not interfere. I have a right to make my own decisions about the way I drive as long as I don't hurt anyone. I'm a law abiding citizen so nothing can go wrong when I'm behind the wheel."
That is the beauty of the pro-gun standpoint. We can argue based on logic, and we win. We can argue based on nambers, and we win. We can argue based on historical prescedent, and we win. It is the only issue that I am aware of where the facts, evidence, and logic are so unfairly stacked on one side. Thank god this is only valid for the US :) .
A question from my side about the "concealed-carry" thing: Are there any controls on the street from the police to ensure that really only people who did that check are carrying guns?
I use the powers of the sun and the moon, which I harness at...  No, just kidding.   I rely on the police.
Rev Hellbound  see the first post Quote: "Pro-gunners please try to stay away from this thread. I would like to hear how anti-gunners take care of themselves."   Do you recall on another thread you said I should make no comment on things going on in the USA?  Aren't you being a wee bit hypocritical now? (Butting in?)   No, of course not, you're opinions are so important, you're good enough to impart them, wherever and whenever they are needed.  This is a great service you are doing.  Go raibh mile maith agat, mo chara!
 You can't be.... I never said that you should make no comment on anything.... I only said this was an American story not an Australian one...   Thank you for your apology. There you were implying I had no right to talk about America, I'm glad you've 're-invited' me into this debate.  The fact that you won't consider the foundation of the constitution and the context in which it was written means that you are looking at our domestic issues through skewed Australian eyes. The facts are there for you to read but you REFUSE to consider the very foundation that our constitution does not GRANT RIGHTS it RECOGNIZES that the RIGHT HAS ALWAYS EXISTED! That the Constitution INCLUDING the second Amendment puts RESTRICTIONS ON THE GOVERNMENTS AND NOT THE PEOPLE. Furthermore these INALIENABLE RIGHTS are protected and safeguarded by our second amendment. Until you learn these fundamentals of US CONSTITUTIONAL LAW and consider these matters in that context you have no basis for rational argument on this subject matter whatsoever and subject your standing to a side show at best.   You say that the Constitution puts restrictions of the government, but not the people.  Tell me if you as a private citizen (with your guns) are allowed In State Schools? On Federal property - military reserves In court buildings? On National Parks? In public hospitals?  If no to any of these, then your rights have been abridged, and you've no case to quote the Constitution as an absolute, even in regards to governments.  Look at your next go at weaving into your argument absolutes...  that the RIGHT HAS ALWAYS EXISTED  So, cavemen had the right to be free from lodging soldiers? (Amendment III)  That cavemen had the right to trial by jury, in cases involving more than $20.(Amendment VII)  How did cavemen vote for President? (Amendment XII)  You say that the constitution is just elaborating on rights that have always existed, then why the need to write them down?  If these rights always existed, then why can some constitutionally be added, then subtracted? (Amendment XVIII - Prohibition, then Amendment XXI - repealing Prohibition).  Obviously these rights are not absolute either, in that they haven't always existed. American rights come about by winning a war against Britain, and entering into a social compact with fellow like-minded citizens. With powers given to a central authority to protect these rights and rules.  And the constitution gives the state the right to defend itself! "The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the person attainted."  Furthermore, if the Constitution does not restrict people, then how do you account for it emplacing limits on the voting age? Or, who can run for US President?  Moreover, if the Constitution does not restrict people, then why are your rights to carry guns less of value than an airliner's right to forbid you to carry your guns onto an aeroplane? Who decided that the airliner had MORE right?  Basically, you're wrong, wrong, wrong, and wrong.
State Schools? That is still in debate. This the only challenge to the law thus far. Looks like we WILL have guns allowed on schools soon.  I only ask about schools because in another thread you mentioned militia as being from 17, and I guess that people are still in school at that age.  Reserve bases? They give you one when you walk through the gate. If your not allowed on the base, then and try to enter. Then you are in direct violation of the Constitution. Congress is given authority to raise and train a standing army. Part of that authority is to keep civilians OFF the base armed or not.  I take this point.  In court? That violates the V Amendment. The right to a fair trial. A non verbal message is sent to judge and jurry when armed citizens are in a court. That influences the judge and jurry. So it is not Constitutional to influence a judge and jurry. It is illegal. You can argue it is legal to bring your firearms into an EMPTY courthouse where there is no trial. It is most definately violates the right of accused to have firearms in a courthouse.  Why would it abridge a fair trial? The witness/defendant won't necessarily know you're armed, unless you're carrying a bandolier, and a side-arm in a holster.  On National Parks? Ever hear of hunting?  Now this I didn't know! I thought National Parks were there to preserve wildlife! Why don't you call them 'game reserves'? My understand was that you could only shoot the animals that wandered off the National Parks areas.  In public hospitals. I do all the time.  Really? What danger are there from doctors and nurses? But seriously, why are you allowed to take guns onto public hospitals?   What about other government buildings? The White House, the Congress, State Capitol Buildings. FBI buildings etc.  What about jails?  What about polling booths? (are these owned/leased by the government).  Basically you point is based on violating one right to preserve another right. No one has no right to violate anothers rights. Your rights end when they violate another. That is the definition of a criminal. Someone who violates personal, civil, and property rights of another. In a trial, especially for high crimes, the accused has only one right left, a fair trial. The 5th Amendment is all an accused has left. Your point is based on lawlessness, unethical, and criminal behavior.  I'm not actually trying to make such a point. I don't support criminal behaviour.  My understanding was that the 2nd Amendment is waved around as an absolute. SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED seems pretty plain.  I was looking at exceptions to the rule.  Rev.Hellbound claims that this right only applies to the government - restricting its actions.  So, I'm trying to investigate if there are still exceptions made in this modified case.  Therefore, if someone such as RevHellbound is trying to make a case, but there are everyday exceptions even to his qualified case, then even he can not use the 2nd Amendment right as he has been doing.  In other words rights are 'violated'.  This is not uncommon. When you are arrested (even if you're innocent), your right to freedom of movement is instantly curbed, even if briefly. You may be able to get recompense, but for a while your rights are violated. And, if you are guilty, then rights are taken away from you in the interest of the nation.  If you have a contagious disease, your rights will be violated for the sake of others.  When a nation is at war, other rights are abridged, in the national interest.  Your right to have all the money you earn is abridged by taxes... in the national interest.  Your rights as a child differ from your rights as an adult.  In the national interest, peace and law and order should be paramount. This does not seem to happen in a society that allows guns to be so prevalent.  I believe in many respects that my rights are still best served when the national interest comes before personal interest.
[QUOTE=Rev. Hellbound]Yes I apologize for your ignorance and your inability to 'get it'....   You're welcome. I am happy, comrade that I don't 'get' you're argument.  This is the dumbest thing I ever heard! Yes our rights are being infringed. That does not mean I throw out the constitution or ANY of my rights because of it Or that the constitution is somehow null and void because some treasonous bastards are raping it for their own political power.   Is your argument actually 'If the fedgov says so I should be a good sheep and abide by it'?  Look at your next go at weaving into your argument absolutes...  ***YAWN*** You just don't get it do you? The rights of a freeman are just that... I should be able to do ANYTHING I WANT as long as I do not infringe on anyone else. (ninth amendmendt)...  But you do infringe on other people, or you would, except that the government keeps you from taking guns to court etc.  If your rights are being infringed by the government, the majority of Americans seem to have accepted it. As it is pretty much a democracy, then it is the right of the people to waive their own rights.  The constitution (yet again) does not grant rights. It recognizes rights that have already existed.  If they have always existed, then you're the one who hasn't 'got it' when I used my caveman analogy. What freeman rights did they have? Please explain how the Constitution has protected rights that have ALWAYS existed - they're your words. How long ago did people have the right to a fair trial for matters over $20.00?  Again you're caught out using silly absolutes.  American law stems from English Common Law. Show me (from your extensive historical knowledge) where the right to bear arms was guaranteed by English Common Law - or was this a 'right' that they never wrote down?  your point? I am talking about the bill of rights in the constitution as we are sposed to be specific to the second amendment. One of the true 'purposes' of government is the security of the state.  Exactly, and if it's an insecure state because a lot of people are carrying a lot of guns (because they fear the state) then the state has the right to protect itself.  If it's in the best interest of the state to legislate, and you agree to this, then you've got no cause to be angry with them if they want to take guns off people!  You don't follow threads very well do you? I have always said private industries and private businesses HAVE that right to refuse anyone for anything...  I did understand this. You don't understand that your statement makes no sense. Why are you prepared to have your rights infringed by big business, but not by the government. It's absurd.  In fact you don't quite understand what you are saying... first it's an absolute right, that you've always had, then it's an absolute right that can be waived by big business, then also by the government (see Government Schools example on other post).  You are in the end, a jingoist. Someone presses a button and you shout "My God given rights!"  If I am so wrong, socialist, then MOLON LABE!  Hey, look another jingo! Molon Labe!  You are wrong. You are trying to deal with absolutes... Such as you've always had certain rights... but this isn't the case  That your right to carry arms is inalienable, but then you're happy for some unexplained reason to waive that in the worship of business.  Repeating XXXXX Lobes all the time doesn't mean anything.
YOU and I have been through this before. You are trying to make your point by violating civil rights. The right to bear arms is absolute. Your rights end when you are inviolation of anothers rights. That goes for all rights. The 2nd Amend right is no exception.   Courthouses? You know very well what non verbal message a gun in a courthouse sends. Violation of 5th Amendment.  Hunting on federal land? I just ate an animal last month that a neighbor took an federal land.  The hospital? Ever get sick at night? Perfect place for a mugging, in a hospital parking lot. Where victims are sick or infirm.  Jail? I will never be in a jail, unless cops have completely taken away my rights. Isn't that the whole point of jail, to take away your rights? Once your in jail your under Due Process. Your in the process of having your rights removed.  Polls? You and I have been through this before already.  I will change tact somewhat.  If a majority of people in the US want to carry guns, then so be it. However, I do think it is a mistake to try to justify such actions by appealing to a constitution that in fact really does not seem to grant you such absolute rights.  Just try, I think, to keep to 'democracy' arguments rather than constitutional.  Your friend who shot an animal on fed land doesn't mean it was a National Park. There is lots of fed land, courts, post office, air bases, national parks etc.  You may not want to go to jail, but I'm sure the government will take your right to carry a gun away from you there. But you accept that they can take away your rights - hopefully they ARE following due process, but this doesn't seem to happen so much if you're black.  The government has rights too! It can even take you to court
 The racist origins of gun control laws are well known by those who seek the truth.... The liberals, the media like to ignore that.... MOLON LABE! Just a quick comment. US history has a lot of racism in it. The second amendment itself has racist origins. The southern states wanted the second amendment included in the constitution because they had large populations of blacks and they thought that an armed militia was an important protection against the possibility of a slave rebellion.   An 99 page article published in the U.C. Davis Law Review entitled the "The Hidden History of the Second Amendment" goes into detail about this. 31 UC Davis Law Review 309 (1998).
Effectively your argument is that; the right to carry arms is a natural right, although you've no proof of what is a 'natural right'. Nor have you shown that this right has always existed... just that the founding fathers believed that these rights always existed... but then they would because they were trying to legitimate armed rebellion. Their rationale was they were rebelling against a legitimate authority, by stating that there was some higher authority which the state itself was in conflict with - rather a simple, but novel argument - and therefore they were just rebelling to restore this over-arching authority.  Natural rights don't exist at all. How does a right 'just exist' ie. naturally? http://www.spectacle.org/0400/natural.html  However, I don't expect you'll agree to that tract. So let's look at what you said.  Firstly the Ninth Amendment is superfluous to your argument. You are trying to state that some rights have existed 'naturally' and the Constitution only vocalises some of them. But, what of these...? What are these natural rights that are not mentioned? Do the courts enunciate what they are?  You said...  The rights in the Constitution recognize SOME of the rights of freemen.  A-hem. Some freemen. It is not an absolute right. It never was. I asked you where do we find this 'natural right' to carry weapons? US laws somewhat stems from British laws; where did this right exist before it was mentioned in the Constitution? Or, did it just exist in man's hearts?  Your web-site further claims " The right to keep and bear arms is a natural right of individuals under the theory of democratic government. This was clearly the understanding and intent of the Framers of the U.S. Constitution and was a long-established principle of English common law at the time the Constitution was adopted, which is considered to be a part of constitutional law for purposes of interpreting the written Constitution." http://www.constitution.org/leglrkba.htm  So, it at least is trying to say that this 'right' has existed in long-established principles in English common law! And, then, where might they be expressed? (Or are they just too suggesting it existed in the ether)  What about? The U.K. Bill of Rights (1689) That the subjects which are Protestants may have arms for their defence suitable to their conditions and as allowed by law. It is not a 'natural' right. It is a legislated right.  So, it's not all freemen, just some. Actually it was also in practice on propertied Protestants too! So much for being a universal, therefore natural right!  Well, if you believe that this is a 'natural right' it only applies to non-Catholics, and is conditional by the law. Hardly a 'natural right'. Further, hardly a long-established principle. One web-site suggests also the Magna Carta of 1215, but as this in principle again only was related to the rights of Churchmen and nobles, it suggests to that you don't have this as a precedent of a 'long-established principle of English law' guaranteeing the rights of all freemen.  You need too to understand that they (the English in 1688) had also ejected a legitimate government out - not over taxes, but because James II Stuart had a Catholic heir. By usurping traditional power they had to appeal to a higher authority.  Either it has and has never been set down before the American revolution, or, it has. If the later, then where is it. If the former, then what proof do you have that this 'natural right' has always existed?  Therefore as far as a 'natural right' existing, the right to bear arms doesn't seem very natural! It never applied to all freemen.  Until you can prove that this right to bear arms is 'natural'... then I must look at how the 'right' has been enacted.  How have Americans viewed this right and law? Houston v. Moore 1820 "[The immediate issue in this case was federal and state jurisdiction to try non-compliance with militia orders. The context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Houston v. Moore is provided here for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendix W to US v. Emerson. It was not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/houst1.html  Martin v. Mott, 1827 "[The issue in this case was federal and state authority and jurisdiction over the militia. As in Houston v. Moore, the context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Martin v. Mott and Houston v. Moore are provided for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendices to US v. Emerson. These were not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/martmott.htm  AYMETTE v. THE STATE (1840) "When, therefore, (the British) Parliament says that "subjects which are Protestants may have arms for their defence, suitable to their condition, as allowed by law," it does not mean for private defence, but, being armed, they may as a body rise up to defend their just rights, and compel their rulers to respect the laws. This declaration of right is made in reference to the fact before complained of, that the people had been disarmed, and soldiers had been quartered among them contrary to law. The complaint was against the government. The grievances to which they were thus forced to submit were for the most part of a public character, and could have been redressed only by the people rising up for their common defence, to vindicate their rights." The section under consideration, in our bill of rights, was adopted in reference to these historical facts, and in this point of view its language is most appropriate and expressive. Its words are, "the free white men of this state have a right to keep and bear arms for their common defence." and "hey need not, for such a purpose, the use of those weapons which are usually employed in private broils, and which are efficient only in the hands of the robber and the assassin. These weapons would be useless in war. " http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/user/wbardwel/public/nfalist/aymette_v_state.txt  At best this means you better hand in your glock! Notice the words 'as allowed by law' hardly shows a long standing principle of a natural right - unless you argue that it's always been infringed upon... and why not? We can't have every loony carrying guns around, if we did, gun related homicides would sky-rocket. Ooops, that's what's happening in America isn't it!  This interpretation of a 'natural right' suggests you don't need a gun for your own safety, as you seem to believe.  So, the state has always legislated and defined this right. That's what states are for - a referee or umpire to settle disputes in law. Further for the good of the people, the people have handed power over to the state. You might want to read Hobbes on this.
Well i don't have to worry that much about gun crime as it does't happen that much in the U.K as there are strict rules that means you have to have a gun lisence that is very hard to get hold of and you can't use a gun in self defense. one case in england a farmer shoot a burgular in the leg and was sent to prison. also a guy got shoot when a toy gun was mistaken for a real gun, so the police force r a bit too efficiant
I dont walk at night, and I am friends with neighbors that watch out for me.
yes see the topic on that subject... in UK the canary is dead.... "burguler rights", sending a man to prison for protecting his family is tyrannical. you live in scary times dood!  see my view on this at Vision of the Anti-Constitutionalists future!    Do you really feel safe?  You link your own argument as evidence? Bah hah hah!  Seriously, we've already touched on this before. Kelvin once made some obtuse statments about Australia and then you had a rant about not comparing other nations values to America, or some such rubbish.  Quite frankly other nations get by pefectly well without the need to arm right wing nut cases.  But anyway, why not actually deal with an issue for once....  Why are you so against a non-American giving a critique of America, when at the same instance you feel a) free to critique other nations b) actually hate your own government - at best you fear them.  What sort of society do you have where you actually need to be armed to defend your rights - do you have the worse politicians in the world?  Britain, New Zealand, Australia must have good politicians, because they're not out stealing out natural rights* even though we don't have guns  In effect you're arguing a case based on defending something that's not even defined, against a government that is trying to steal these undefined rights - but at the same time you also won't let anyone else (non-Americans) criticise this same government.     *natural rights which you've never actually attempted to set out what they are.      It would be good to actually develope an argument, instead of repeating a mantra.
Is it being paranoid when you purchase home insurance?   Is it being paranoid when you purchase car insurance?  Is it being paranoid when you purchase when you purchase life insurance?  I am pretty sure most of the people have at least one of these insurance plans. Are these people being paranoid?   It is interesting how gun haters consider a person defending themself by exercising the right to bear arms paranoid, while people buying insurance are not considered paranoid.  Your 'right' to carry a gun is NOT for your own personal protection from felons!  Your courts and your founders have continually argued that you need to be armed to defend your country!  Hence 'militia'.  Even though this argument itself displays a patent paranoia on behalf of US citizens - who are terribly afraid of their own government.  Name calling of Mizmaxx actually demonstrates that you don't have an argument.  By the way, if you need a gun to feel secure, then wouldn't you feel more secure with grenades and chemical weapons - these are probably even more effective. What about land mines around your house. Now surely that would deter burglars!   By the way, I'm going to be pedantic here... you can't buy life insurance. You can only buy life assurance. Anyone who calls it 'life insurance' doesn't know proper English usage because death is assured!
Rev. HellH0und, you asked me if i felt safe well i do, i live in a small village community where everyone looks out for one another. if theres any one acting strange we take down details and call the police.  i don't really like guns that much and i beleive that fact about your more likely to shoot someone else other then a burgular cos my friends mum was cleaning one of thier guns they use for hunting and accidently shoot her self in the head cos she didn't know it was loaded.
hmm believe what you like i didn't believe at first, so i said stop joking around and my friend burst in to tears. i have never felt so guilty in my life. and i can't be asked to read Gun Owners of America, you told me that it would prove that i'm wrong so i'll take your word for it. if it was anything else that i had a definite stand against or for i'd wouldn't though, so deem ur self lucky  also i'm 14 though i go to a grammar school i still have no idea what tyranny means please tell me.
In general, I don't think I'd be safer if I owned a gun. Just the opposite.  "After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide (adjusted odds ratio, 2.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.6 to 4.4). Virtually all of this risk involved homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance.... Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance." http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/short/329/15/1084
 GOA Fact Sheet  A. Myth #1: If one has a gun in the home, one is three times more likely to be killed than if there is no gun present.   1. Dr. Edgar Suter has pointed out that studies which make such claims are flawed because they fail to consider the number of lives saved by guns. That is, such claims ignore the vast number of non-lethal defensive uses with firearms.128  They totally got their studies mixed up. The study that I cited is not concerned with lethal defensive uses of guns. That's another study that Kellerman did which compared the number of criminals shot in self defense to the number of other gun deaths in the home.    2. Criminologists have found that citizens use firearms as often as 2.5 million times every year in self-defense. In over 90% of these defensive uses, citizens merely brandish their gun or fire a warning shot to scare off the attacker.129  The best study on defensive guns uses, which surveyed about 50,000 people, concluded that there are less than 100,000 defensive gun uses each year. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Kleck surveyed about 5,000 people to reach his 2.5 million figure.    Concealed carry laws have dropped murder and crime rates in the states that have enacted them. According to a comprehensive study which studied crime statistics in all of the counties in the United States from 1977 to 1992, states which passed concealed carry laws reduced their murder rate by 8.5%, rapes by 5%, aggravated assaults by 7% and robbery by 3%.4  How do you know that the drop in crime was because of concealed carry laws? Areas that don't allow people to carry concealed weapons also have experienced drops in crime. Consider Washington DC for example. In 1995 there were 12,173.5 crimes per 100,000 in DC (page 65) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/Cius_97/95CRIME/95crime2.pdf In 2001 there were 7,709.6 crimes per 100,000 in DC  (page 77) http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_01/01crime2.pdf That's a 36% drop in crime.   Do you believe everthing you read on that website without reservation? I could easily go to the VPC or the Brady website and post tons of statistics here, but I don't think people would find that very convincing.
From propagandist article:  "Conclusions The use of illicit drugs and a history of physical fights in the home are important risk factors for homicide in the home. Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance. "    Either these XXXXXX look down thier noses at the "commoner" and think its a world of wife beating heroin users or You are applying a study OF wife beating heroin users to the people as a whole. The article makes it very clear that "Also, case households more commonly contained an illicit-drug user, a person with prior arrests, or someone who had been hit or hurt in a fight in the home. After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide" This means that in households that do not have a history of physical violence, that do not have people with prior arrests nor drug users a gun is still associated with a higher risk of homicide. These characteristics were controlled for as the article clearly states.    With the double speak! They "controlled for illicit-drug user, a person with prior arrests, or someone who had been hit or hurt in a fight in the home." then in the VERY SAME SENTENCE THEY CLAIM "keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide" WHAT NONSENSE! It's not at all double speak. These variables were controlled for to determine whether there was an independent relationship between gun ownership and a higher risk of homicide. When you control for a certain variable that means you determine whether the relationship would still exist in the absence of that variable.
Yes you can be asked. You should find out the truth. The very fact that you are here means you are searching for answers. My advice, Don't find things that support your views read everything with an open mind... Otherwise you are sheep  sorry i was tried but i'll look at it now and i'm am tring to be open minded as i don't really agree with guns being used as self defence but i don't truely disagree. and you link does work. give me a chance at least give me the right link. i don't mind air rifles emoticon_xgood
There is no requirement in the 2nd amend to be in a militia to bear arms! If you can find one in the 27 words in the 2nd amend please show us. Do not read into the 2nd amend what you want it to say. Just read the 27 words of the 2nd amend and show us where it defends what you claim.   Obviously you didn't read through earlier posts... because America's legal framework has the power to interpret acts, and the legal profession obviously has consistantly disagreed with you.  But for your benefit I give you again...  How have Americans viewed this right and law? Houston v. Moore 1820 "[The immediate issue in this case was federal and state jurisdiction to try non-compliance with militia orders. The context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Houston v. Moore is provided here for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendix W to US v. Emerson. It was not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/houst1.html Martin v. Mott, 1827 "[The issue in this case was federal and state authority and jurisdiction over the militia. As in Houston v. Moore, the context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Martin v. Mott and Houston v. Moore are provided for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendices to US v. Emerson. These were not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/martmott.htm AYMETTE v. THE STATE (1840) "When, therefore, (the British) Parliament says that "subjects which are Protestants may have arms for their defence, suitable to their condition, as allowed by law," it does not mean for private defence, but, being armed, they may as a body rise up to defend their just rights, and compel their rulers to respect the laws. This declaration of right is made in reference to the fact before complained of, that the people had been disarmed, and soldiers had been quartered among them contrary to law. The complaint was against the government. The grievances to which they were thus forced to submit were for the most part of a public character, and could have been redressed only by the people rising up for their common defence, to vindicate their rights." The section under consideration, in our bill of rights, was adopted in reference to these historical facts, and in this point of view its language is most appropriate and expressive. Its words are, "the free white men of this state have a right to keep and bear arms for their common defence." and "hey need not, for such a purpose, the use of those weapons which are usually employed in private broils, and which are efficient only in the hands of the robber and the assassin. These weapons would be useless in war. " http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu....tte_v_state.txt At best this means you better hand in your glock! Notice the words 'as allowed by law' hardly shows a long standing principle of a natural right - unless you argue that it's always been infringed upon... and why not? We can't have every loony carrying guns around, if we did, gun related homicides would sky-rocket. Ooops, that's what's happening in America isn't it!  Sorry if you're out on a limb on this one!
 Oh and here is the definition of life insurance: Main Entry: life insurance Function: noun Date: 1809 : insurance providing for payment of a stipulated sum to a designated beneficiary upon death of the insured   Once again we see an attempt to vilify any person defending their rights! Typical hate group member tactics!  We are divided by a common language  life insurance / / (say 'luyf inshawruhns) noun insurance providing payment of a specific sum of money to a named beneficiary upon the death of the  assured , or to the assured or to a named beneficiary should the assured reach a specified age. [insurance] Also, life assurance.  http://www.macquariedictionary.com.au:8008/anonymousFF997610499+2/-/macshowrecord/1/2  You are correct in your interpretation. So am I... because death is an assured thing... that is, it will happen. You can't bet (or insure) against it.   However you talk about vilifying people, yet you constantly refer to people as 'gun-haters' In fact you do so in the same line as you use the word vilify. Perhaps a little bit of introspection is called for, hey?
A gun hater is a person that wants to limit or ban the right to bear arms. Now if you want gun control laws that limit or ban the right to bear arms you are a gun haters.  Now gun hater what about your claim about militias? Can you find any law, edit, or regulation to defend you claim. As for you reference to the courts. If it was true the gun hater would have pushed to ban guns years ago! And remember gun hater if you use the militia line that would open up a lot of weapons militia members could now have. Why? Simple you would want your militias to have weapons as good if not better then their possible enemies!  If you do not want to be labelled a gun hater then leave the right to bear arms allow.  Kind of like if you do not want to be labelled a racist do push for racist laws. .  I did ask you for a little introspection you evil red-necked fascist inbred hick. If you don't want to be labelled this, then don't go pushing reactionary red-necked inbred ideals!  It's only fair. You say I'm not allowed to vilify you, but at the same time you say it's okay for you to call me 'gun-hater' and in fact you don't address anyone by name, you just call all of 'us' gun-haters. Therefore I'm now going to call you a evil red-necked fascist inbred hick.  You have no insight if on the one hand you cry about vilification, and in the same breath do exactly what you criticise!  SO, evil red-necked inbred fascist hick, I did present a case and just because it is observed in the breach doesn't mean that it is legal. The courts I quoted have consistently shown that they interpret Amendment 2 differently from you.  If you do not want to be labelled an evil re-necked inbred fascist hick, then stop and think before you respond.
 Then how the hell do they get to this conclusion: ""Conclusions The use of illicit drugs and a history of physical fights in the home are important risk factors for homicide in the home. Rather than confer protection, guns kept in the home are associated with an increase in the risk of homicide by a family member or intimate acquaintance. "  What's so hard to understand about this? They looked at gun ownership, drug use and a history of physical fights and found that each of these factors is associated with a higher homicide rate in the home. I don't understand any of your objections to this study. Anyway, why are you more than willing to believe any study that supports your agenda, but so eager to find fault with a study that proves you wrong? Question everything you read at www.gunowners.org
[QUOTE=DHard3006] The best study on defensive guns uses, which surveyed about 50,000 people, concluded that there are less than 100,000 defensive gun uses each year. http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Kleck surveyed about 5,000 people to reach his 2.5 million figure.QUOTE]  People defending the right to bear arms claim guns saves 2.5 million lives a year. The gun haters not wanting to believe this study claim guns only save 100,000 lives a year.   Now this is more then 3 times as many lives saved by guns then killed by guns.   That study does not say that guns prevent 100,000 homicides each year. I read it and it says that guns prevent 62,000 violent crimes each year. What percent of violent crimes are homicides? 1%  "The FBI's Uniform Crime Reports indicated that 1 percent of serious violent crimes reported to police from 1993 to 1997 were homicides" http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/fidc9397.pr  1% of 62,000 is 620. So 620 homicides are prevented by guns each year. 620 lives are saved by guns. Compare that to the tens of thousands of gun deaths each year.
Is this a justification to COMMAND people how to live? Are you using this as a reason to change and control people inside thier own home? Is this evidence that people must bend to your ideas and your studies and do it your way? Is this a justification to MAKE a decision for people weather they should have a firearm or not?  Please explain what you intend to do with the above study? Please explain what is the next logical step for what people should do inside thier own home? People can use that study to make an informed decision about whether or not to keep guns in their homes. That's the logical next step.
some treasonous bastards are raping it for thier own political power. previously stated by rev. hellbound  They are not limiting our right to carry guns for their own political power. They do it for the sake of their patients and staff (in the hospital case). Why would you need to carry a gun to a hospital if you have no intent of using it.
Number of physicians in the U.S...........................................700,000 Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year...............120,000  Accidental deaths per physician...........................0.171  Number of gun owners in the U.S. ................................ 80,000,000 Number of accidental gun deaths per year (all age groups)......1,500  Accidental deaths per gun owner..................................0.0000188  Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Taken from the Internet.  Should we ban doctors?  What is the source of this? How do they define accidental gun death and accidental physicians death?  Using your logic you may indicate that we should eliminate cars, food, heating/cooling systems, chairs, stairs, houses, apartments, work, money, paper, plastic, and basically everything that we have on earth because somewhere people are going to die because of almost everything. You have to look at risk-reward.  Is there a greater risk to having doctors than there is reward? Clearly the answer is no, there is not a greater risk than reward to doctors. Is there a greater risk to having guns than there is reward? This is debatable as Japanise and US data will show you. One country has a ton of guns and a ton of gun deaths while the other has few guns and few gun deaths. There are of course other risks outside of just deaths as well as many rewards outside of just protection from death when it comes to the gun debate. Still I don't think we have a defined answer as to what amount of gun freedoms allows for the best risk-reward ratio and I find it highly unlikely that total gun freedoms allows for maximum risk-reward benefits.
Uhh... thats your logic... As Kelvin says (and you too)Ban cars, toilets, now doctors, before you ban guns.  That isn't my logic. My logic states that banning doctors would cause more deaths and our current system does. You are trying to debate that doctors are threatening withour realizing that they have great rewards as well. My logic is to look for the risk and reward and not just focus on one side of the debate.  Your logic was that since doctors cause deaths then they should be banned if guns are, correct? Then why isn't it also consistant with your logic to believe that we should ban food since food causes deaths?  So lets clairfy here, do you believe that guns have a better risk/reward than doctors? If you HAD to ban one which would it be? I await your sidestep of the question.  Tell those Jews in the Warsaw Ghetto about "risk/reward" of guns Vs. Doctors.  lol, now your comparing the Jews to current US gun issues? Why did you choose to do this? The risk-reward for Jews is different than the risk-reward for the US. Jews probably would have faired better if the Germans used Japanise gun control laws.
The point that doctors are more dangerous than guns is absolutely rediculous. First off, I seriously doubt the validity of the study supporting the argument. And let me ask, how do you define "accidental death caused by a doctor". Accidental death with a gun is rather easy to define. Accidental death by doctor seems rather broad to me. How many of these "accidental deaths" were actually caused by a nurse who gave the wrong medication, an x-ray tech who did not hook the patient back up to oxygen for the trip downstairs, or just a sick patient that died? People die in the hospital every day, and some people seem to think that if someone dies in the hospital they must have been killed by some retarded doctor. The fact remains that sick people go to the hospital, sick people die, sick people die in the hospital. I agree that guns save lives in some situations, but they also can take lives, ie...accidental shootings of children, suicides, etc. I don't think this means the answer is to ban guns, but perhaps provide stiffer penalties to those who make the gun available to the kid who accidentally shot his brother, or the 13 y/o who put a tunnel through his head after finding dads revolver. Banning guns or doctors is irrational. But saying doctors are more dangerous to guns is also irrational. If you want people to take your arguments seriously, then make a logical argument.
The clinical term is "Medical Misadventure." It is defined as "Medical misadventure is a personal injury resulting from treatment by a registered health professional, or in limited circumstances an organisation. "   Is it registered health professional or doctor? and "limited circumstances by an organization"...what does this mean? A registered health professional can be a nurse, and x-ray tech, a physical therapist, a speech pathologist, a paramedic, a lab tech, etc... Lets try getting your cows over their buckets.   When someone dies in the Hospital, their care givers must fill out forms detailing the Cause of Death. If someone dies because they are sick, they didn't die because of "medical misadventure."    Do you work in one? What are the forms called. Can you link one of these forms to me? The only "forms" that a filled out are the death certificate (which is filled out for everyone) and the nursing notes. Are these the "forms" you talk of?  "medical Misadventure" means the doctor made a mistake that caused a person to die who would have lived otherwise.   Again, is it doctor or registered health professional? Big difference.   Next time, try reading some of the links I posted in my last message before you say something stupid again.   What, like the doctors for sensible gun control article? That was just laughable. I will disect that for you later today.   Ah, yes, the CHILDREN.   Yes...the children. Do you see it as a problem that a 4 y/o finds a gun and shoots his 3 y/o sister? I do. Even if it only happens 1 time a year. It is a preventable death.   Oh, please. Give it a rest.    Give what a rest? Suggesting stronger penalties for irresponsible adults who leave a gun laying out on the coffee table? Blaming parents for the preventable actions of children too young to know the consequences? Talk about putting your head in the sand. Do you honestly believe that no children are killed by accidental shootings? Do you think that a parent has never left a gun loaded and unlocked where a kid can find it and accidentally shoot himself or someone else? Or does this not bother you? I have not even suggested banning guns, just stronger penalties for XXXXXX.   No, it is a statement of fact. You are being irrational by denying it. Note that even Doctors themselves don't refute that claim. Again, see my link to Dr. Ackermann's discussion about guns.    You seem to have a problem deciding whether it is doctors or registered health professionals. How can I accept this as fact if you don't even have the basics down?   If you want to have an intelligent conversation, you ned to educate yourself first.   Likewise, and don't call me Ned.
I wonder who killed more people accidentally... Pilots or people accidently shooting someone else?   hmmm.....     emoticon_xgood  Wow, how can I possibly argue with logic like that. You got me, I have been wrong about everything. Thank you for showing me the error in my ways with your superior logic and reasoning.
Sundowner.... Instead of a media propaganda blitz that guns are bad, Guns kill children, and the other XXXX..... Why not teach your childeren about guns. Teach them the proper use, the rules of saftey... Children stay off of railroad tracks, they don't stick thier fingers in light sockets that often, don't see a bridge and jump. Don't play in traffic.   I never said guns are bad. In fact, I said guns save lives when used properly in the right situations. I agree to teach children about guns and their proper use, but I do not agree with leaving a loaded gun out in the open where a kid can grab it and have an accident with it. It does happen, and can be prevented. Children do need to learn gun safety as I and I am sure you did as well, but there is a difference between a 12 y/o using a gun with supervision and a 4 y/o picking up a revolver. In one case the parents should be praised for their willingness to teach their children safety and responsibility, in the other, the parents should go to jail.   Tha 13 year old shoul never habe "found" that revolver in the first place. He should have known where it was how it worked and by the age of 13 should have been an expert marksman.    How many 13 y/o kids do you think have the maturity to be trusted with a gun when left alone? I am sure there are many who are, but also many who are not. We don't let kids dirve cars until they are 16 and get proper training, perhaps an age limit and training requirement for unsupervised gun use?  Are you advocating that manufactures should be held responsible?   Hell no. They did nothing wrong. I do hold the parents and legal gun owners responsible when one of these accidental shootings occurs though. I call for tough penalties for them. Is this wrong?
First of all, if you know so much about it, why did you say "People die in the hospital every day... they must have been killed by some retarded doctor. The fact remains that sick people go to the hospital, sick people die, sick people die in the hospital."    No, actually what I said was: People die in the hospital every day, and some people seem to think that if someone dies in the hospital they must have been killed by some retarded doctor. The fact remains that sick people go to the hospital, sick people die, sick people die in the hospital.  Don't try to misrepresent what I have said.  Secondly, you clearly don't know that much about it because now you say "The only "forms" that a filled out are the death certificate (which is filled out for everyone) and the nursing notes." What about the insurance forms? The test requisitions that are sent to the lab? The results from the lab that are sent back? The Pathology report? I think there are more forms than you know about. When was the last time you died in the hospital and took note of all the forms associated with your passing?    You said "forms detailing the cause of death". Better yet, ask me when the last time I was in the hospital and took care of someone until they died. Ask me how many "forms" I filled out. The only medical form listing the official cause of death is the death certificate, which is signed by either the doctor or the coroner / medical examiner.   The point is, a distinction is drawn between medical misadventure and other causes of death. Call the "forms" that information is documented on whatever you like.    Good, then there will be documentation on "medical misadventures". Perhaps like the first link provided by rev? Maybe the WISQARS Injury Mortality Report? We will get to that later.  No problem at all. It's Darwinism at its best!   This has nothing to do with natural selection.
Because it is such a HUGE problem, right?    Any preventable accidental death of a child should be considered a problem. (or of an adult for that matter).   Do you honestly believe that no children are killed by accidental medical care?    Accidental medical care? Or do you mean a medical mistake? Yes, children are killed by medical mistakes.   Do you think a child's inability to get a gun in a time of need has never resulted in innocent death? Or does this not bother you?   If they are not old enough to handle the gun responsibly, they should not be left alone in the first place. Perhaps if people feel this way, they should only employ a babysitter who has access to the family gun and training on how to use it. If they are old enough and mature enough to be left alone with the gun, no problem. But it seems extreme to say that all 12 y/o's should have access to the loaded .45 in the drawer.   You seem to have a problem with repeating that question. When you calm down, I'll answer it.   No, I had no problem repeating it. And perhaps I did so because it needed answered.
Furthermore, the definition of "medical misadventure" that I posted above is only the first one I found with a search on google. I didn't look further because I could tell it was a concept you had never heard of before. This definition:    You assume a lot. Do you think it is possible that I have been trained and may have worked in the healthcare system? Do you think it is possible that I still do on a part time basis?   Makes your entire "point" pointless, as only doctors can prescribe medication or perform surgery.    Not really, because more people are involved in the surgery than just doctors. PA's can also do some surgery. They are not doctors. And as far as medications, yes, sometimes the wrong medications are prescribed, but many times, medication errors occur in pharmacy, or the nurse gives the wrong drug, wrong dose, wrong route...etc. You cannot blame a doctor for writing an order for plavix and the nurse giving lasix.   This data suggests that roughly 10,000 more people are killed every year by cars than by guns! Considering the fact that most of the highway deaths were accidents, and most of the guns deaths were deliberate (shooting apparent criminals), why aren't you trying to do something about all the accidental deaths on the highways? Don't you think we should have stricter laws about who can own a car?    So? Think about how many cars drive on american roads in one year. And what is the point in comparing them anyway? It seems you are so blinded by your hatred of anyone who even suggests that there may be some problem with guns, and that simple legislation or preventative measures may stop this, that you point out anything else that makes it look trivial, or anything that will take attention away from the problem. Face all of these problems, and address them all...or are you just too blinded by hatred of the "anti-gun" movement?   What about those 14 year old kids who take their dad's car out for a joy-ride and end up killing someone in a stupid accident?? Or does that not bother you?    Lock them up, Punish them. Lock their parents up for allowing them to illegally take the car. Punish the parents for allowing it to be possible. Yes, it bothers me.   The "problem" with guns in America is the way they are portrayed by the media and the politicians.   Do the media and politicians go around to peoples homes and leave loaded guns lying around for kids to have accidents with? If they do, then perhaps I owe you an appology.
Hmm seems like your pilot ego is bruised... Well lets see now....   In 2002 There were 1228 total lives lost at the hands of pilots....  Table 1. Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 2002 Preliminary Statistics  U.S. Aviation    Compared to:  In 2001 (closest year I could find) there were 802 deaths by accidental shootings.    Injury Mortality Reports, 2000 - 2001    So yes... The answer is yes pilots are more dangerous than people accidentally shooting you.   Pilots are more accident prone than guns!   Planes don't kill people, pilots kill people!  Rediculous logic. First off, how many of these accidents were pilot error? How many were errors caused by maintanence? How many were ATC error? How many were simply mechanical failure.   Why do you continue to point out other problems and ignore the fact that guns can cause deaths to innocent people. Why do you try to draw attention away from the fact that there are gun accidents that are preventable. I am in no way saying aircraft do not have accidents. This is another problem which needs to be dealt with, and in many ways it is. The simple fact that a preventable accident is just that, a preventable accident, whether it is in a plane or in a home with a gun.
http://webapp.cdc.gov/sasweb/ncipc/mortrate10.html    2000, United States  Unintentional Firearm Deaths and Rates per 100,000  All Races, Both Sexes, All Ages  ICD-10 Codes: W32-W34  Number of Deaths Population Crude Rate Age-Adjusted Rate**  776 number of deaths, 275,264,999 population, 0.28 crude rate, 0.28 adjusted rate     2000, United States  Adverse effects - Medical care Deaths and Rates per 100,000  All Races, Both Sexes, All Ages  ICD-10 Codes: Y60-Y84,Y88(.1-.3)  Number of Deaths Population Crude Rate Age-Adjusted Rate**  2,804 number of deaths, 275,264,999 population, 1.02 crude rate, 1.02 adjusted rate.   I think the information speaks for itself. Yes there are more medical care deaths than accidental gun deaths, but not to the extent originally suggested in this thread. You asked me to look at the information, I did. Perhaps people posting these outrageous claims need to do the same. The thing that strikes me so hard is that the people I am debating here think that we should attack all of these other problems, yet fail to see that accidental and preventable gun deaths are a problem too. They ALL need to be addressed. I don't call for banning airplanes, guns, or doctors. Placing a ban on something creates more problems than it solves. Working to prevent avoidable accidental deaths is the key.
2000, United States  Unintentional Firearm Deaths and Rates per 100,000  All Races, Both Sexes, Ages 0 to 17  ICD-10 Codes: W32-W34  Number of Deaths Population Crude Rate  150 number of deaths, 70,484,500 population, 0.21 crude rate  I used 0-17 age range because at 18 you may be considered an adult. So these are just the mortality rates for children. Notice the crude rate rises in this age group over the total population with all ages. So it could be said people in this age bracket are more likely to die from accidental gun deaths than people 18 and over.   2000, United States  Adverse effects - Medical care Deaths and Rates per 100,000  All Races, Both Sexes, Ages 0 to 17  ICD-10 Codes: Y60-Y84,Y88(.1-.3)  Number of Deaths Population Crude Rate  76 number of deaths, 70,484,500 population, 0.11 crude rate  Also take notice that the mortality rate for "medical misadventure" is lower for the age group 0-17 than the accidental gun death rate. Hmmmmmm.
Why not include the adults? That's what we are arguing about. The statistics Hellhound posted are derived from the entire population, not a remarkably healthy and typically foolish subset (young people). Are you trying to change your argument?    If you take notice, I did show the statistics for all ages in the previous posting.   No I don't notice that. Are you privy to the rates of the total population with all ages?    It's all posted right there for you to read. Taken from a link posted by Kelvin and Rev. O are you ignoring the information you don't want to see. Or perhaps you are incapable of interpreting data?  Lots of things can be rightfully said about the numbers, but that isn't one of them. It is misleading at best.    Again, it is a fact supported by the statistics that I posted.  No. They portray guns in such a way as to make people like you think accidental death by firearm is an epidemic. It isn't.   I guess it depends on your point of view. Perhaps it is not an epidemic to you, but to the parents who have lost children due to accidental shootings, it may very well be. Ask one of them about their point of view. Or perhaps they will just agree with you that s&*! happens and that's just life.
If the doctor's writing is illegible (as it often is), I think you can. In fact, I deal with illegible writing at the lab everyday!    If you deal with it every day, then you should know that if you cannot clearly understand, then you clarify. Same goes for nurses, if a nurse cannot clearly read a script or order, they clarify it. If they don't clarify it and guess, you cannot hold the doctor responsible. This is one of the most basic rules in health care. They teach this to first year nursing students on their very first nursing class.   I disagree. We should look at the rate of incidence and remember that there is NOTHING we can do to bring the rate down to zero. In the end, every year somebody is going to die playing dodge ball. Someone will die in a car accident. Someone will die in a plane crash. The only way to reduce these rates to zero is to do away with cars, guns, planes and everything else.    That's great. You say "well, we can't completely eliminate the problem, so let's do nothing."  Some people have this funny notion that if we do everything we can to reduce the problem, then we have taken a positive step. We will never completely resolve the problem, but preventing even one accidental death is worth the effort. Imagine if the aviation industry operated like that. "well, we can't stop all accidents, so let's do nothing and hope for the best." Don't you want every possible step taken to assure that you are safe the next time you fly on a plane?
I show it as post 27 for all age groups, and post 28 showing only children. I don't know what happened on your end, but these 2 are what I posted.   Notice that the original message inthis thread compares the rate of death by medical misadventure per doctor with the rate of death by firearm per *registerd firearm owner.* That's how the statistic (9,000 times more deadly) is arrived at. Its not a depiction of guns Vs Doctors, rather Doctors Vs registered gun owners.   It says firearm owner, not registered firearm owner. And who are registered firearm owners, define this? Anyway, where does the figure 120,000 deaths due to medical misadventure come from? I got 776 accidental gun deaths per year from the CDC web link. The same source says 2804 medical care deaths per year, approximately 4x the number of gun deaths. How do you get 9000x out of these figures?
Number of physicians in the U.S...........................................700,000 Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year...............120,000  Accidental deaths per physician...........................0.171  Number of gun owners in the U.S. ................................ 80,000,000 Number of accidental gun deaths per year (all age groups)......1,500  Accidental deaths per gun owner..................................0.0000188  Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Taken from the Internet.      Should we ban doctors?  Can anyone point me to the original source of this information, or show me the original documentation which concluded these statistics? I have done much research in attempt to find it, and have turned up nothing except a bunch of people spouting off the same erronious numbers without the original source documented.
I do see that now, with the helpful link to the CDC. But using your logic, we should make laws that keep old people out of the hospital because they are more likly to die of medical misadventure than young people!    No, we should work to eliminate or reduce the incidence of medical misadventure for all ages. Same as the incidence of accidental gun deaths.  And again, why are you trying to shift the argument to children, when the original post regarded all people?   I am not trying to shift the argument, I am merely posting the facts, and pointing out statistical curves defined by age. I posted for both children and all ages. I just found it interesting that the statistics showed that children were more likely to die by accidental gun death than adults.   That's a good question. Maybe we should fnd the person who's posting that all over the internet and ask them.    Good idea. I would think that if someone was going to post obscure figures that they would at least attempt to validate them first. My argument and more importantly the CDC statistics disprove these numbers without doubt. Perpetuating these misleading numbers does nothing but discredit the poster.   You can bother checking the math if you want. I was only quoting the original source as saying that "doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners"    But Rev is not the original source, he saw it on the internet, probably from someone else who saw it on the internet who saw internet...etc... My question is where are the original numbers, who is the author, show me the validation of the study.
But the original point was a comparison between gun owners and doctors, not guns and doctors.   And should the study be gun owners vs. doctors, or gun owners vs. doctor owners (ie. patients)? There are many more patients than doctors. Also, many of the people killed accidentally by guns are not the actual gun owners. This may seem like more nitpicking to you, but it goes to the heart of the credibility of the statistics posted. Out of the research I did trying to find the source, I did find one commonly repeated statement: That the author included abortions among the deaths caused by physician. I don't know the validity of this information either, but it could possibly explain the inflated numbers. Without true documentation however, I don't consider any of it to be valid.
Now you're just being silly.   No, not really, if you think about it.  Sure. But we also need to keep weapons available to law-biding citizens who may need them. Although the occasions of accidents and misuse of firearms are horrific, the benefit outweighs the cost.    I agree with the first part. However, is there a way to do this and at the same time decrease the amount of accidental shootings that occur...I think there is.   I wouldn't be so quick to claim victory. Even you now admit that doctors are roughly 4x more dangerous than guns, which is not what you were arguing on page 1 when you said   My argument and the CDC numbers shot down the initial thread, however, I did not agree doctors were more dangerous than guns. I agree that there are more "medical misadventures" than accidental shootings per year, which as you pointed out is a mistake by a professional health care provider leading to the death of a patient. This includes nurses, doctors, PA's, technicians, respiratory therapists, and everyone else involved in direct patient care, and even some not directly involved, such as pharmacists and laboratory workers. Now if you include all of these people in the medical misadventure category, then I would wager that there are more professional health care workers than just doctors alone as the thread suggests, and therefore a higher rate of medical misadventure vs. accidental shooting is logical. And I think the other important thing to remember is, how many people have access firearms per year, vs. how many people access health care per year. If you find that these there is more access to health care by a population than access to guns, it is only logical that the number of medical misadventures is higher than accidental shootings. This is what I meant by "doctor owners".   It won't come out to 9000x but it will still say the same thing (doctors are more dangerous than gun owners)   I would still say this is a false statement. Perhaps if you said the health care system is more dangerous than gun owners, maybe. But like I pointed out above, there are many more health care workers responsible for medical misadventures than just doctors. Let me try to get those numbers.
http://www.hepcsolutions.com/interactive/2003/feb16-2003.htm   I just punched in Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year are 120,000 into google.... Origional source is Statistics from the U.S. Dept. of Health. Did ya think of trying that?  That is not the US department of health and human services website. The US DHHS is only listed as the source of the information. Looking this up reveals no such information.
Don't forget that more people die in plane crashes than by accidental shootings!!!  http://www.anxieties.com/index.php?nic=flying-howsafe   Please check out the link. I hope you enjoy it, especially towards the bottom on the graph that shows numbers of death per year on commercial flights as compared to accidental shootings. What's a matter Rev? Someone proved your original statement false with proper documentation and you feel you now have to attack tham from another angle? Get over it. And also, while I am at it, here is another interesting statistic for you.   According to the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey of 2000, done by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS), there were 823.5 million visits by patients to doctors offices in the year 2000. This does not include emergency department, access to emergency medical services outside the hospital, or inpatient services. I do not yet have the stats for these, but I'm sure the number would go closer to 1.5 billion. There are how many gun owners in the US? If you look at the total number of visits to health care professionals and the extremely low incidence of "medical misadventures" per patient visit, you come to the conclusion that perhaps your whole argument may need to be re-tooled.  www.cdc.gov/nchs/releases/02news/physician.htm
RIGHT UNDER THE STATISTICS THEY GIVE YOU THE SOURCE! Do they give pilots a vision test? jeesh.....    You humor me.  I looked all through the US DHHS site, and did several searches. Even so, I doubt it would be found there, as they provide the statistics for the CDC, and I have already showed you the CDC statistics. Can you read?
First, do you think it is easier for the average american to get health care or get a gun?   Second, if health care is more likely to cause you to die via accident, why do the people on the left always cry about how we have insufficient access to health care and too many guns??   Do they have an ulterior motive?   Clearly, to make society safer, we should restrict access to health care and have the government subsidize gun ownership!   (that would actually be more in line with our rights, by the way)  It is probably easier to get a gun, do you know the answer to this question? Many Americans cannot afford health care, many do not have insurance, and therefore do not seek healthcare or delay seeking health care. Many recieve substandard health care because of location or local resources.   Personally, I don't care what the people on the left or on the right cry about. They mean very little to me, as does the entire governmental system in this country. And as far as ulterior motive, just about everyone has some sort of agenda or motive fueling their actions.   Make society safer by restricting access to health care and have governmental subsidation of guns. Wow, that's a great idea... emoticon_rolleyes  With irrational logic such as yours, no wonder people want to violate and take away your rights. Your ideas are dangerous, absurd, and extreme.
If you are going to talk about every single time someone visits a doctor, than you have to compare that to every single time someone pulls a trigger.   I actually saw the statistic for how many rounds are fired in 1 year in the US. It was on the History channel, on a show about bullets. I can't remember the number now. Maybe you can find it in your research? I'm sure it exceeds the total number of doctor visits.  After all, a single automatic weapon can fire hundreds, or even thousands of rounds a minute! How many doctors work that fast? And with such precision and low rate of error?  In that case, you would have to compare the number of bullets fired to the total number of health care encounters. So, if a nurse walks into the room, that is an encounter. If she leaves and comes back, encounter # 2. Do you see the point here? It is a bogus comparison to compare gun owners to doctors in the first place. The numbers cannot be made into a fair side by side comparison. The only thing I was out to do in this thread is disprove the BS theory that doctors are 9000x more dangerous than guns, and to find some real statistics to back it up. I have done that, and I guess I should thank Kelvin and Rev for the links they provided for me, as they proved my case.
Thats nice. How's those "32" guns you "own" and hows your "training" going.   Funny though how you can believe or not believe a question....  Actually, he said he didn't believe you. Come to think of it, I don't believe he has 32 guns either.
***YAWN****   Take out plane crashes and you get 100 who died aboard plane crashes. You proved nothing false. Being a blind pilot does not prove me false!    Oh its per patient now.. well there are 300 MILLION guns in the US and 800 or so accidental deaths.....   Still pilots kill more people than accidental shootings! Before you were comparing doctors to the 80 million gun owners. Now you're comparing doctors to 300 million guns. At least be consistent.There are about 25,000 gun deaths each year in the US, but you seem to prefer to focus only on accidental gun deaths. I believe this is just an attempt to rationalize away the problems that America has with gun violence.   Here's a question for you and others that believe that doctors are more dangerous than guns. Suppose you are very sick and that you have to decide between visiting a doctor or buying a gun. Which choice will you make? I'd visit a doctor, but I want to see if you will do more than just pay lip service to your ideas.
Before you were comparing doctors to the 80 million gun owners. Now you're comparing doctors to 300 million guns. At least be consistent.There are about 25,000 gun deaths each year in the US, but you seem to prefer to focus only on accidental gun deaths. I believe this is just an attempt to rationalize away the problems that America has with gun violence.   Here's a question for you and others that believe that doctors are more dangerous than guns. Suppose you are very sick and that you have to decide between visiting a doctor or buying a gun. Which choice will you make? I'd visit a doctor, but I want to see if you will do more than just pay lip service to your ideas.  I'd be doubly suspicious about Hellhound and Kelvin's stats as they are very dubious.  Earlier it was claimed that since my nation's tougher gun-laws, gun-reated deaths had sky-rocketed here in Australia... their source was quoting figures made up who know where.
Please specify which stats are dubious and why? My source is the Center for Disease Control. Which is obviously a rabid anti-gun institution. My claim is more infants are going to die in open toilets and buckets of water than from accidental deaths from firearms.  Why is the Center for Disease Control dubious?  Accidental water injuries (including buckets and toilets) for ages 0-4 in 2000 are: 568  Accidental injuries for ages 0-4 in 2000 are: 19  http://webapp.cdc.gov/sasweb/ncipc/mortrate10.html  A common way infants die is they fall head first into a bucket and drown: "Nine-month-old Oscar Geraldo Flores is the second child to drown in a bucket in a week" - http://www.lifesaving.com/news/news_articles/news62.htm  And what exactly is your point? Again, you cannot make a side by side comparison of anything other than raw numbers. You must look at exposure. How many households that have guns are there in this country that a 0-4 y/o could access? Now, for a fair comparison, how many households in this country have toilets, buckets of water, pools, bathtubs, sinks, puddles outside, streams, rivers, lakes, ponds, oceans, cesspools, septic tanks etc... that a 0-4 y/o could access.
And what exactly is your point? Again, you cannot make a side by side comparison of anything other than raw numbers. You must look at exposure. How many households that have guns are there in this country that a 0-4 y/o could access? Now, for a fair comparison, how many households in this country have toilets, buckets of water, pools, bathtubs, sinks, puddles outside, streams, rivers, lakes, ponds, oceans, cesspools, septic tanks etc... that a 0-4 y/o could access. A good point. What is more dangerous per minute of exposure? I'm exposed much more often to water than guns. But if you still insist on looking at raw numbers then compare the number of homicides committed with water to the number of homicides committed with firearms.
I've noticed that there seem to be three basic interpretations of the second amendment.   1) The second amendment protects a collective right to bear arms. This is the position that has been taken by most of the lower federal courts in recent decades.   2) The second amendment protects a limited individual right. Individuals have a right to bear arms, but this right can be subject to reasonable restrictions and limitations in the interest of the common good. Such restrictions commonly include waiting periods, the banning of machine guns, gun registration and licensing. Attorney General John Ashcroft, for example, says that the second amendment protects an individual right to bear arms, but he has also stated that he supports the extension of the Federal Assault Weapons Ban.   3) The second amendment protects an unlimited right to bear arms for adult, law-abiding citizens.
The 2nd Amendment? How about the 4, 5, 14th Amendments, the clauses protecting property, and the clauses protecting personal transactions and contracts. All these also protect my right to keep not only arms, but private property.  It was a fair question for Tim to ask, even your beloved NRA web-site has the 2nd Amendment located in top-right. (http://www.nraila.com/issues/FactSheets/)  How does the law of contract explicitly protect your right to carry a gun?  Are you allowed to shoot someone if they breach a contract?  What about torts laws? - where a contract doesn't exist.
A section in the English Bill of Rights of 1689 protects a right to own arms for your own defense. This is still in the English Bill of Rights and it hasn't stopped the UK from enacting gun-control laws and confiscating handguns. Rather revealing about the nature of this right, isn't it?
Guns are private property. The are legally obtained and protected the Constituion just like any property. Want to make guns illegal? Then repeal the 2nd Amendment.  Why did you even bring this up? How does shooting someone involve contracts?   There is process for collecting damages for breach of contract. You may have heard of it? It is a democratic process called a lawsuit.  Tort laws, what is your point?   Go read what you put in the second post on this thread. You raised contract law...   In case you're incapable of doing that as you seem to be of remembering what you wrote... "and the clauses protecting personal transactions and contract"
A section in the English Bill of Rights of 1689 protects a right to own arms for your own defense. This is still in the English Bill of Rights and it hasn't stopped the UK from enacting gun-control laws and confiscating handguns. Rather revealing about the nature of this right, isn't it?  Both Kelvin and Hellhound were unable to state where there natural rights come from, or even to designate what exactly are their natural rights.  They ingore history too. I'm glad you pointed this precedent out.
Both Kelvin and Hellhound were unable to state where there natural rights come from, or even to designate what exactly are their natural rights.  They ingore history too. I'm glad you pointed this precedent out.  Quoting a passage from the book The Militia and The Right to Bear Arms (p.164): "despite the earnest attempt to associate the Second Amendment right with the postulates of the liberal, enlightened philosophy of the eighteenth century, the Second Amendment right to arms remains firmly fixed in its seventeenth-century English heritage. It never evolved from the particular to the general, never grew from one of the historically conditioned rights of Englishmen into one of the unconditional and universal rights of humankind."
That is not the same attitude as an anti-gunner.  It is more like "if we can just pass the law, then we can make everyone obey it." One problem, they can neither pass the law or make people obey it.  The Brady bill was such in doubt that a 10 year cap was placed on it. When has any type of legislation such as anti-trust, the Clean Water Act, American with Disabilities Act, etc; when has any bill been given a 10 year cap. I can not think of any. That is how much confidence legislators had with the bill, not enough to make it permant. It didn't have a 10 year cap on it.
The Declaration of Independace says the People were given rights. They are not given rights by any human or earthly power.  "WE hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights"   The People used these rights to establish the highest law in the United States, the Constitution:  "We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. "  The People gave the power to themselves to rule themselves. We ordained and empowered ourselves to have authority over ourselves. The People called out the rights in the Constitution by the powers they ordained on themselves and rights given by God.  What were these rights that were given? Life, liberty, happiness... what about guns? When did that come in as a right?  I find it interesting to that in a society that prohibits prayer in public schools would claim that their laws come from God.
What were these rights that were given? Life, liberty, happiness... what about guns? When did that come in as a right?  I find it interesting to that in a society that prohibits prayer in public schools would claim that their laws come from God.  I think that a lot of Americans would disagree with the idea that our laws come from God. James Madison made no mention of God in the US Constitution which is the supreme law of the land. In the Federalist Papers, Alexander Hamilton discusses the historical origins of the American Bill of Rights-  "It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes. Such was the Petition of Right assented to by Charles I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights." http://federalistpapers.com/federalist84.html
The whole text is:  "It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes. Such was the Petition of Right assented to by Charles I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights. It is evident, therefore, that, according to their primitive signification, they have no application to constitutions professedly founded upon the power of the people, and executed by their immediate representatives and servants. Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing; and as they retain every thing they have no need of particular reservations. "WE, THE PEOPLE of the United States, to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." Here is a better recognition of popular rights, than volumes of those aphorisms which make the principal figure in several of our State bills of rights, and which would sound much better in a treatise of ethics than in a constitution of government."   James Madison is saying that the text you quote is a misconception. He is using it to start his arguement not as proof for yours. He is saying exactly the same thing I did. That THE PEOPLE empowered themselves.   He begginning of his argument to refute YOUR argument starts with: Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing   So what are these rights? How was the right to carry a gun a god-given right, or a 'natural' right?
Unlike countries with a royal tradition, there is no kings signature at the bottom of our highest documents. The countries with a UK tradition negotiated for thier rights. The king agreed to give subjects rights. We agree to nothing. We took our rights not by "taking them" but by getting rid of the authority that denied them to us. The list of how the King of England violated and denied our rights starts with:  "The History of the present King of Great- Britain is a History of repeated Injuries and Usurpations" - http://www.law.emory.edu/FEDERAL/independ/declar.html  In the USA we kicked out the king of our country. We broke away from tradition and gave power to ourselves.  The rights we gave to ourslvs came from no mortal authority. Every person in the USA has rights the moment they are born. No one gives you rights when you are born, you have them simply from being alive.  The Constitution is the highest document in the country. The Constitution spells out very clearly:  "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed"  The militia is every citizen older than 17.  I asked what these rights are. So far, all you've said is the gun thing again - the militia.  So, you're saying that the right to have a militia is 'natural'? That is, it's always been there?  That right seems to only date to your constitution.
The whole text is:  "It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between kings and their subjects, abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince. Such was MAGNA CHARTA, obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King John. Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes. Such was the Petition of Right assented to by Charles I., in the beginning of his reign. Such, also, was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights. It is evident, therefore, that, according to their primitive signification, they have no application to constitutions professedly founded upon the power of the people, and executed by their immediate representatives and servants. Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing; and as they retain every thing they have no need of particular reservations. "WE, THE PEOPLE of the United States, to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." Here is a better recognition of popular rights, than volumes of those aphorisms which make the principal figure in several of our State bills of rights, and which would sound much better in a treatise of ethics than in a constitution of government."   James Madison is saying that the text you quote is a misconception. He is using it to start his arguement not as proof for yours. He is saying exactly the same thing I did. That THE PEOPLE empowered themselves.   He begginning of his argument to refute YOUR argument starts with: Here, in strictness, the people surrender nothing You confuse me. It's Alexander Hamilton who's speaking, not Madison. He's saying that a Bill of Rights is not necessary. I was just trying to point out the historical origins of the American Bill of Rights and I don't see how this text refutes that.
You can rationalize it anyway you want but answer me this?  Tell me Who the F$#k are YOU to tell me what I can and can not have or how I can defend myself and where do you think you get YOUR authority? Maybe I decided my authority overides your authority.... hmmm I am a gun owner your not.... Who's in trouble here?  THE SOVERIEGNTY LIES WITHIN THE PEOPLE! We should restrict government ownership of guns.... Think how many lives that would save!   WHO'S THE BOSS OF YOU?"   Are you a Freeman or a slave. That is what it is all about. Are you a defender of Liberty or are you a "subject"  Do you give them your belly, or do you give them your teeth?         Let me brew you a nice hot cup of STFU. Do yo want to REALLY go down that road? I am reall good at it. I'll roll you like a ciggarette, lets see kkk byrd's recent racists remarks that magically were missing from the media, Gores father against the civil rights, the blatant racism of quotas (dems think blackie is an idiot and needs special tests), Arresting an 80 year old man for shooting a mugger.. and thats just off the top of my head. So do you really want to compare the stances that some of us have to those of Racists. Are you FOOLISHLY implying that todays civil rights activists are racist?   THe Nazis, the brits, and the aussies made ya do it and now look at them.... What makes you and your type so despicable is your cowardace and fear to say what you really want. YOU WANT TO CONTROL CITIZENS LIVES BECAUSE YOU THINK YOU AND YOUR SISSY LIBS THINK YOU KNOW BETTER.... kinda like Hitler did eh? Admit it you want to ABOLISH private ownership of guns....   Comparing my stance to the Klan..... The internet is a safe place for a big mouth isn't it?    MOLON LABE! <- its a warning brother Instead of using facts and logical arguments, you attack people and use profanity. I prefer debating with Kelvin because he doesn't attack people and relies on logic in his arguments.
How is it not? Because some group of scared soccer moms doesnt think its a good idea. Men are born FREE. Whats to stop a wolf from being a wolf? Our consious guides us and when pushed too far that inner instinct comes through as it has generation after generation. No man can make another man do anything until that man submits. This my friend is natural rights. If you ever had the huevos to come for my arms Id givem to you under my own natural choice... NAtural rights. bullets first.   From Fred of Freds M14 stocks:  "On 2nd Amendment Rights: 'If you're afraid to use them, you're in danger of losing them. Just recently a buddy said 'I hope you don't get into any trouble talking about this subject' and I had to wonder 'Are we at the point where it may be illegal to even talk about our 2nd amendment rights?' If so, better start sleeping with your rifle! No Sir! I believe that we still have freedom of speech and that any discussion about preparing for the future is legitimate and protected speech..."    Oh and to the origional question I defer to the constitution:   A well-regulated militia, [people who can shoot well between the ages 17-44 for the defense of this contry] being necessary to the security of a free State [to protect the good ol USA], the right of the people [those same pesky people from the other 10 amendments] to keep and bear arms, [to OWN AND CARRY] shall not be infringed [shall not be or can not be f$#ked with.]  How many times do you need to be hit with this clue-by-four to get it?  You lefty libs don't like it then like VOR get the F out!   SIncerely,   Reverend Hellh0und   Any other intrepertation is propagandist lies........How is it not? Because some group of scared soccer moms doesnt think its a good idea. Men are born FREE. So let me get this straight- Anything that you have the freedom to do is your natural right? And the government can't interfere with your freedom to do anything? Having no restrictions on freedom at all is anarchy.
My appologies for your confusion.  Sorry again you are wrong.  Hamilton is shooting down the portion you quoted. He is specifically saying that such a Bill of Rights when given by royality is useless. That such a bill of rights is "primitive". The portion you quoted, Hamilton is laying down an example for the reader to see. He wants you to see a "primitive" example.  Yes you are right is is a historical example. The example does not apply to the citizens of the USA. The People have a different government from the example you quoted. The government you quoted is based upon royality giving a Bill of Rights to subjects. In the USA we kicked out our royality.  A Bill of Rights is not necessary? Alexander Hamilton lost that argument. The People decided it was necessary.  The Bill of Rights not necessary? Do you know who wrote OUR Bill of Rights? Wrong about what? I was just quoting the above passage to reveal the historical origins of the Bill of Rights. I'm not saying that it wasn't necessary. James Madison wrote the first draft of the Bill of Rights. Then he presented it to the first congress. In Congress it underwent changes and finally emerged as the Bill of Rights that we know today.
Yes you are if you are infavor of gun bans, registrations, bullet finger printing, and confiscations.  Yes you are if you oppose concealed carry, hunting, and private ownership of legal property.  Yes if after 2004 you are infavor of magazine limits, the assault rifle ban, and waiting periods.  Do you fall in any of those catagories?  Do you need to carry a gun with you everyday to protect yourself from tyranny?
Sorry you are confusing the nature of our democracy. The Constitution is not about restrictions on citizens. It is about restrictions on government. It is about what the government can not do to citizens.   The restrictings that have been placed on us an individuals is agreed upon The People. One hundred years ago if I wanted to dump heavy metals into a lake, I had the right to do so. The govenment could not prevent me from doing so. Since then The People decided that they do not want that behavior and passed the Clean Water Act. The power to enforce the CWA came from the Constitution. Okay, the Clean Water Act. So did the people decide that they wanted machine guns registered with the government with the National Firearms Act of 1934? How about all the other gun control laws? Since the second amendment was included in the Constitution over 200 years ago, not one second amendment federal court ruling has ever invalidated a gun-control law. That's pretty good legal precedent. Federal courts have invalidated certain gun-control laws based on other amendments, but not on the second amendment. This makes sense when you consider that the second amendment protects the right of the people to bear arms in connection with an organized militia. If you challenge a gun-control law in a court of law based on the second amendment, you'll be expected to show proof that your ownership of a gun is related to an organized militia. The burden of proof is on you.  "the claimant of Second Amendment protection must prove that his or her possession of the weapon was reasonably related to a well regulated militia. See id. at 923. Where such a claimant presented no evidence either that he was a member of a military organization or that his use of the weapon was 'in preparation for a military career', the Second Amendment did not protect the possession of the weapon. Id. Since the Miller decision, no federal court has found any individual's possession of a military weapon to be 'reasonably related to a well regulated militia.' 'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test. Oakes, 564 F.2d at 387. Membership in a hypothetical or 'sedentary' militia is likewise insufficient. See Warin, 530 F.2d 103...." U.S. v. Hale, 978 F.2d 1016 (8th Cir. 1992)http://www.healylaw.com/cases/hale.htm
Okay, the Clean Water Act. So did the people decide that they wanted machine guns registered with the government with the National Firearms Act of 1934? How about all the other gun control laws? Since the second amendment was included in the Constitution over 200 years ago, not one second amendment federal court ruling has ever invalidated a gun-control law. That's pretty good legal precedent. Federal courts have invalidated certain gun-control laws based on other amendments, but not on the second amendment. This makes sense when you consider that the second amendment protects the right of the people to bear arms in connection with an organized militia. If you challenge a gun-control law in a court of law based on the second amendment, you'll be expected to show proof that your ownership of a gun is related to an organized militia. The burden of proof is on you.   Further 'arms' is seen as guns. In the 1800s the US courts ruled that the right to carry a concealed knife was not protected because it was understood that the right to bear arms relates not to personal security, but the protection of the citizen from the state - taking away rights. Many US gun-owners talk about the 'protection' they feel with guns - and there's a big debate over the crime rate - all of which is ignoring that the right to bear arms is not about personal protection.
Can you provide me with that court docket number or case?  I've already done that on a previous discussion with you. This is now the second time you've feined ingorance of something I've previously posted to you. You either don't read my posts or you're now playing silly buggers.
Firstly, what is 'militia'? U.S. v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174 (1939), is the only U.S. Supreme Court case which directly considered the meaning of the Second Amendment "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. 'A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline.' And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time. Id. at 179."  That is, to protect their rights against gov't.  NOT  for personal protection from theives etc.  This court case was ruling on a sawn-off shot-gun. They said further... "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense. Id. at 178."  That is, they are looking at the weapon and seeing if it is capable of defending the rights of the person - against tyranny - not against the neighbourhood thugs.  Further, the court viewed whether the persons were part of a militia... "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. 'A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline.' And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time. Id. at 179."  Current federal law, as set forth in the Militia Act, 10 U.S.C. ยง 311 (enacted 1956, amended 1958), defines the militia as:  "All able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and . . . under 45 years of age [plus some re-enlisted National Guard members up to age 64] who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard."  The Second Amendment states that the right to keep and bear arms ?shall not be infringed.? In contrast, the language of the First Amendment only states that ?Congress shall make no law? abridging the rights specified therein. U.S. Const. Amd. I. The limitation imposed by the Second Amendment is much more than a limitation on the actions of Congress. If the Founders had meant to say, ?Congress shall make no law impairing the right of each state to maintain such well regulated militia as it may deem necessary to its security as a free state," then they would have said so.     Furthermore, these 'natural rights' are being interpreted by the Courts so therefore the court is defining the scope of 'natural rights' not nature!
You did? Not in this thread if you did. So what 1800s case are you talking about? I believe he's talking about this case. AYMETTE v. THE STATE (1840) http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/user/wbardwel/public/nfalist/aymette_v_state.txt
That is an interesting discussion. Your point about 1939 and the private owernship of guns is moot. It is not the holding in the case. The holding is weather a person can own a sawed-off shotgun and nothing else.  The courts have certainly disagreed with you about that.  "Appellant, Peter B. Thomas, argues that the City of Portland, Maine, and various city officials infringed his constitutional rights by denying him a permit to carry a concealed handgun. Established case law makes clear that the federal Constitution grants appellant no right to carry a concealed handgun. See, e.g., United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 178, 59 S.Ct. 816, 818, 83 L.Ed. 1206 (1939) (second amendment applies only to weapons that have a 'reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia.');" (Thomas v. Members of City Council of Portland) http://www.healylaw.com/cases/thomas2.htm  "This appeal concerns the constitutionality of the Village of Morton Grove's Ordinance No. 81-11,[fn1] which prohibits the possession of handguns within the Village's borders. The district court held that the Ordinance was constitutional. We affirm....The second amendment provides that 'A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.' U.S. Const. amend. II. Construing this language according to its plain meaning, it seems clear that the right to bear arms is inextricably connected to the preservation of a militia. This is precisely the manner in which the Supreme Court interpreted the second amendment in United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 59 S.Ct. 816, 83 L.Ed. 1206 (1939), the only Supreme Court case specifically addressing that amendment's scope. There the Court held that the right to keep and bear arms extends only to those arms which are necessary to maintain a well regulated militia....Under the controlling authority of Miller we conclude that the right to keep and bear handguns is not guaranteed by the second amendment.[fn9]" Quilici v. Village of Morton Grove, 695 F.2d 261 (7th Cir. 1982)http://www.healylaw.com/cases/quilici.htm  So the ruling in US v. Miller(1939) applies to other types of weapons besides sawed off shotguns.
Further 'arms' is seen as guns. In the 1800s the US courts ruled that the right to carry a concealed knife was not protected because it was understood that the right to bear arms relates not to personal security, but the protection of the citizen from the state - taking away rights. Many US gun-owners talk about the 'protection' they feel with guns - and there's a big debate over the crime rate - all of which is ignoring that the right to bear arms is not about personal protection. The second amendment does not start with... "Gun ownership being important for personal protection...." nor does it start with "Hunting being an important part of feeding one's family...." but it does start with "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state...."  think about it
The second amendment does not start with... "Gun ownership being important for personal protection...." nor does it start with "Hunting being an important part of feeding one's family...." but it does start with "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state...."  think about it  Further these 'natural rights' are continually interpreted by the courts.  There is also a side-debate one could have over the fact that the constitution had to be first ratified by states - not by 'natual law'.
Which court is that? The Circuit courts? State courts? City courts? Which case? I am aware of civil rights interpretations. Do you mean such things as: Equal Employment Opportunities? Disabled Americans Act? Miranda?  I do not have to argue where rights came from with you. The Constitution says I have them, thus it is law and legaly binding.   IF they come from the Constitution, they're not natural... it is a statutory right.
[QUOTE=kelvin90701]Then regardless of where they came from. I legally have rights according to the Constitution.[QUOTE]  So they are not 'natural' rights. You'd been arguing this before that they ARE natural rights - you and RevHellhound - you seem to have now broken ranks.
Kelvin. I have already stated these court cases. But I will repeat myself (it's a bit long... the cases are at the end).  Originally posted on : How do you defend yourself? Post 29  Effectively your argument is that; the right to carry arms is a natural right, although you've no proof of what is a 'natural right'. Nor have you shown that this right has always existed... just that the founding fathers believed that these rights always existed... but then they would because they were trying to legitimate armed rebellion. Their rationale was they were rebelling against a legitimate authority, by stating that there was some higher authority which the state itself was in conflict with - rather a simple, but novel argument - and therefore they were just rebelling to restore this over-arching authority.  Natural rights don't exist at all. How does a right 'just exist' ie. naturally? http://www.spectacle.org/0400/natural.html  However, I don't expect you'll agree to that tract. So let's look at what you said.  Firstly the Ninth Amendment is superfluous to your argument. You are trying to state that some rights have existed 'naturally' and the Constitution only vocalises some of them. But, what of these...? What are these natural rights that are not mentioned? Do the courts enunciate what they are?  You said...  Quote:  Originally Posted by Rev. HellBound The rights in the Constitution recognize SOME of the rights of freemen.   A-hem. Some freemen. It is not an absolute right. It never was. I asked you where do we find this 'natural right' to carry weapons? US laws somewhat stems from British laws; where did this right exist before it was mentioned in the Constitution? Or, did it just exist in man's hearts?  Your web-site further claims " The right to keep and bear arms is a natural right of individuals under the theory of democratic government. This was clearly the understanding and intent of the Framers of the U.S. Constitution and was a long-established principle of English common law at the time the Constitution was adopted, which is considered to be a part of constitutional law for purposes of interpreting the written Constitution." http://www.constitution.org/leglrkba.htm  So, it at least is trying to say that this 'right' has existed in long-established principles in English common law! And, then, where might they be expressed? (Or are they just too suggesting it existed in the ether)  What about? The U.K. Bill of Rights (1689) That the subjects which are Protestants may have arms for their defence suitable to their conditions and as allowed by law. It is not a 'natural' right. It is a legislated right.  So, it's not all freemen, just some. Actually it was also in practice on propertied Protestants too! So much for being a universal, therefore natural right!  Well, if you believe that this is a 'natural right' it only applies to non-Catholics, and is conditional by the law. Hardly a 'natural right'. Further, hardly a long-established principle. One web-site suggests also the Magna Carta of 1215, but as this in principle again only was related to the rights of Churchmen and nobles, it suggests to that you don't have this as a precedent of a 'long-established principle of English law' guaranteeing the rights of all freemen.  You need too to understand that they (the English in 1688) had also ejected a legitimate government out - not over taxes, but because James II Stuart had a Catholic heir. By usurping traditional power they had to appeal to a higher authority.  Either it has and has never been set down before the American revolution, or, it has. If the later, then where is it. If the former, then what proof do you have that this 'natural right' has always existed?  Therefore as far as a 'natural right' existing, the right to bear arms doesn't seem very natural! It never applied to all freemen.  Until you can prove that this right to bear arms is 'natural'... then I must look at how the 'right' has been enacted.  How have Americans viewed this right and law?  Houston v. Moore 1820  "[The immediate issue in this case was federal and state jurisdiction to try non-compliance with militia orders. The context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Houston v. Moore is provided here for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendix W to US v. Emerson. It was not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/houst1.html  Martin v. Mott, 1827 "[The issue in this case was federal and state authority and jurisdiction over the militia. As in Houston v. Moore, the context provides much enlightenment on the militia institution. Militia duty was conscript duty. Militiamen were governed by the rules and articles of war. The Militia Acts were the precursors of the selective service acts of the twentieth century. There was NO mention of a "personal right" to be armed outside of lawful authority. Martin v. Mott and Houston v. Moore are provided for further enlightenment to interested parties as Appendices to US v. Emerson. These were not included in the appendices provided to the Fifth Circuit.] " http://www.potowmack.org/martmott.htm  AYMETTE v. THE STATE (1840) "When, therefore, (the British) Parliament says that "subjects which are Protestants may have arms for their defence, suitable to their condition, as allowed by law," it does not mean for private defence, but, being armed, they may as a body rise up to defend their just rights, and compel their rulers to respect the laws. This declaration of right is made in reference to the fact before complained of, that the people had been disarmed, and soldiers had been quartered among them contrary to law. The complaint was against the government. The grievances to which they were thus forced to submit were for the most part of a public character, and could have been redressed only by the people rising up for their common defence, to vindicate their rights." The section under consideration, in our bill of rights, was adopted in reference to these historical facts, and in this point of view its language is most appropriate and expressive. Its words are, "the free white men of this state have a right to keep and bear arms for their common defence." and "hey need not, for such a purpose, the use of those weapons which are usually employed in private broils, and which are efficient only in the hands of the robber and the assassin. These weapons would be useless in war. " http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu....tte_v_state.txt  At best this means you better hand in your glock! Notice the words 'as allowed by law' hardly shows a long standing principle of a natural right - unless you argue that it's always been infringed upon... and why not? We can't have every loony carrying guns around, if we did, gun related homicides would sky-rocket. Ooops, that's what's happening in America isn't it!  This interpretation of a 'natural right' suggests you don't need a gun for your own safety, as you seem to believe.  So, the state has always legislated and defined this right. That's what states are for - a referee or umpire to settle disputes in law. Further for the good of the people, the people have handed power over to the state. You might want to read Hobbes on this.
The issue is a reflection of the holding. This case does not decide the right to bear arms. Please read after "issue" above. The holding has nothing to do with the right to bear arms.  The Martin vs Mott link does not work. The link takes me to: The page cannot be found. Please provide another one.  AYMETTE v. THE STATE (1840) the link says: Permisssion denied.  My defense against the natural right is: "so what"? The Constitution give me the right. The Constitution is the legal document that is ratified by The People. If you propose to remove or deny that I have them, then what you propose is illegal. You are just making philosophical chit chat. The reality is I am legally protected to keep guns. I would love to make chit chat, but that is not the point of me being here on this discussion group.  I've provided the case. If you question it, you go look it up. Your time wasting exercises are beginning to bore - first you claim that I'd not posted these before. Then that you couldn't find them.  That aside you have also changed focus from 'natural rights'.  If your 'right' to carry a gun is not 'natural' then it is granted by the government. It is not fundamental then that you keep this right.  The government has also shown you that the right has been interpreted - by them.  Your right to carry a gun is interpreted as not being a matter of personal safety.
Click on the links yourself Mr smartie pants. I keep guns for the exact reason you state, when the government starts to interpret my rights for me, is when I get my gets and start shooting "them".  That is the difference between you and me. You serve "them" in your coiuntry. In the USA the government serves me. I owe nothing to the government.   I and The People of the United States give the government the priveldge of existance. Sorry you misunderstand our form of government. The Constitution and Declaratlion of Independace is explict, the government gives me nothing. The People gave themselves the rights. The People do what they want without asking for permission from the government. I am under the collective authority of The People not the government.  I repeat again, proving the right is natural to you is just gravy. I already have the steak.   In other words you have no argument. Typical American - you talk even when you've nothing to say.  Those court cases are listed. Easy for you to look up yourself using something called 'a search engine'.  The fact you feined ingorance that I'd not posted them before is part of your pointless plot. Now it's some kind of dinner analogy you are using. How odd.
Guns are private property. The are legally obtained and protected the Constituion just like any property. Want to make guns illegal? Then repeal the 2nd Amendment.  Why did you even bring this up? How does shooting someone involve contracts?   There is process for collecting damages for breach of contract. You may have heard of it? It is a democratic process called a lawsuit.  Tort laws, what is your point?  emoticon_xkill  I Have a question.  Fist of all, I do not believe that people should not have a right to bare arms. People usually bare arms to: 1)protect thier homes - In which case, you need only a small handgun. 2)hunting 3) option 1 and 2 are based on humans with hearts and brains and not lunatics and the mentally unstable. Why then, is it just as easy to purchase a machine gun as it is to purchase a rifle. I don't think it takes a fully automatic weapon of a machine guns capability to take down a deer. Do you?
The right to carry a gun is neither a 'natural right' as maintained by some people here or for hunting/personal protection....  it is granted by the constitution in defence of states against tyranny.
You keep forgetting, no one gave The People of the United States rights, they took them for themselves. No one gave them to us. The Bill of Rights is a declearation of what some of those rights are, which is very different from other bills of rights in other countires. (b)ills of rights in other countries are contracts/deals with authority. Our Bill of Rights makes no deals with no one.  If it involves no compact between men, then it's hardly enforceable.  If I design a contract between me and no one, then who am I to seek justice from?  You have a very very silly notion of law.  You believe in natural rights that aren't natural. Staute laws that aren't enforceable on anyone; if that person (an individual) disagrees. Compacts that aren't binding on anyone.  You believe a statute written to enable you to defend your state, entitles you to defend yourself against the local mugger.  You believe that although this right states "Shall not be infringed" can be, so long as it's by commercial interests - such as on an aeroplane or a grocery shop - or a ballroom dancing hall.  That is probably the most sinuous application to laws I've ever heard of.
Are you sure? Then my guns that I legally bought over the counter must be illegal. Then my transaction at the gun store must have been illegal. Can you explain? Why people still buy guns of "other types" after 1939. People still buy other types of guns after 1939 because it's legal to do so. Whether such guns are protected by the second amendment is a different issue.
The Bill of Rights is not a contract. Remember? No one gave the US citizens thier rights, we took them. We never asked or negotiated for them. We took them. (b)ills of rights in other countries are contracts, not in the USA. Such a compact is NATURAL because it is not between men. The rights in the Bill of Rights are natural rights, isn't that what you want to hear? Natural rights are not granted between men. Similiar charters and bills such as in the UK were negotiated between kings and authority. The People in the USA mke no such deals.  If you 'took' them, how are they 'natural'?  You seem very confused.  Who was the 'Bill of Rights' taken from? Not from the Brits - you'd already won independence.  Your grasp on history is also shaky
 No the rights were not taken from the Brits. Specifically it was taken from the King of England. You do not know our history. The rights were taken from the King. The Bill of Rights are already in the basic Constitution. The authors of the Bill of Rights made the ammendments to be very explict. Instead of a vague notion of rights that are already in the Constitution, they made the rights more clear. That is why in your country your rights are always being modified to suit the political climate.  As a foreigner, I seem to know more about your history than you do. :) (depsite your subtle word ploy because I used the word Brits).  You didn't take them from the Brits (the nation and /or people and /or parliament and /or king)  You've asserted you did 'take these rights' - from king or kingdom. That's not true at all. The Constitution was drawn up after you became independent. And then several state's representatives demurred because they believed that too much power was being vested in the central government. They demanded specific guarantees... the "Bill of Rights" emerged.  Your assertion that these rights might have been implicit in the constitution, as drawn up does not hold up to the test of history. "A number of prominent Americans were alarmed at the omission of individual liberties in the proposed constitution. George Mason, author of the Virginia Bill of Rights, refused to sign the document, as did Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts." http://www.earlyamerica.com/earlyamerica/freedom/bill/  Obviously these people seemed to feel that your rights needed further ellaboration.  The Bill of Rights came about because your own country wanted a lot of power - to protect the citizen from it becoming a tyranny you can form a militia - to protect your state against the national government.  "During the debates on the adoption of the Constitution, its opponents repeatedly charged that the Constitution as drafted would open the way to tyranny by the central government. Fresh in their minds was the memory of the British violation of civil rights before and during the Revolution. They demanded a "bill of rights" that would spell out the immunities of individual citizens. Several state conventions in their formal ratification of the Constitution asked for such amendments; others ratified the Constitution with the understanding that the amendments would be offered." http://www.billofrights.com/HistoryoftheBillofRights.htm  "The Convention had decided that the Constitution would take effect upon ratification by conventions in nine of the 13 states. By June 1788 the required nine states ratified the Constitution, but the large states of Virginia and New York had not.  Most people felt that without the support of these two states, the Constitution would never be honored.   To many, the document seemed full of dangers: would not the strong central government that it established tyrannize them, oppress them with heavy taxes and drag them into wars? " http://odur.let.rug.nl/~usa/H/1994/ch4_p6.htm  " The absence of a "bill of rights" turned out to be an obstacle to the Constitution's ratification by the states. It would take four more years of intense debate before the new government's form would be resolved. The Federalists opposed including a bill of rights on the ground that it was unnecessary. The Anti-Federalists, who were afraid of a strong centralized government, refused to support the Constitution without one. " http://archive.aclu.org/library/pbp9.html  "The Constitution was signed in September 1787 and sent to the Congress. Eleven days later, it was submitted to the states for ratification. But as the people began to examine the document, they came to share the sentiments of those who advocated that the Constitution include a set of specific guarantees among them, the right to free speech, freedom of religion, due process of law and freedom from governmental search and seizure. The people ratified the Constitution only after its framers pledged to add to it such protections. Congress added those protections in 1789, and in 1791 twothirds of the states ratified the first ten amendments to the Constitution, which became known as the Bill of Rights." http://www.aclu-mass.org/issuebriefs/histbillrgts.html   As I said, you are an American. Just because you're ill-informed you don't see any reason not to spout an opinion :)  You're a white male with a gun, and I'd better listen!  And you'll certainly tell me about foreigners having no place to talk on these pages etc (yet in the past have felt free to comment on Australia; a topic of which you know EVEN LESS than you do about America.  Furthermore, if we are both still debating in several months time, you'll feign any knowledge of these issues, and I'll have to search back through the posts (something you've demonstrated an incapacity for), to re-enlighten you with facts.   Please also note "The Bill of Rights seemed to be written in broad language that excluded no one, but in fact, it was not intended to protect all the people ? whole groups were left out. Women were second-class citizens, essentially the property of their husbands, unable even to vote until 1920, when the 19th Amendment was passed and ratified." http://archive.aclu.org/library/pbp9.html
People still buy other types of guns after 1939 because it's legal to do so. Whether such guns are protected by the second amendment is a different issue. A good point. The Supreme Court in 1939 dealt with a sawed-off shotgun that had a barrel less than 18 inches. Although it's not illegal to own such a weapon (as long as it's registered) the Supreme Court said that such a weapon is not protected to by the second amendment because it has no relationship to a well regulated militia. Other courts have extended such reasoning to other weapons that don't have any connection with a well regulated militia. For example- April Love's application to buy a handgun was denied. The courts decided that it was legal for Ms. Love to purchase a handgun although they denied her claim that the second amendment protected handgun ownership.  "Citing law review articles, Love argues that she has an individual federal constitutional right to 'keep and bear' a handgun, and Maryland may not infringe upon this right. [16] She is wrong on both counts." Love v. Pepersack, 47 F.3d 120 (4th Cir. 1995)
 The Bill of Rights came about because your own country wanted a lot of power - to protect the citizen from it becoming a tyranny you can form a militia - to protect your state against the national government. Very true. The second amendment itself says it was written to ensure the "security of a free state," Arms that don't contribute to such a purpose are not protected by the second amendment. The guns you own for hunting, recreation, or personal defense against criminals are not protected by the second amendment. The second amendment was written not to protect people against criminals. It was written to protect people against the federal government. The Constitution in Article 1 Section 8 explains- "The Congress shall have Power To....  To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;" People were fearful that the Constitution gave the federal government too much power over the militia and so the second amendment was added.   Let's go back to Amyette v. State (1840). It concerned a person who carried a knife around with him for personal protection. The court explained that "it does not mean for private defence, but, being armed, they may as a body rise up to defend their just rights, and compel their rulers to respect the laws." Notice the words "as a body". It's not a right that you exercise by yourself. It's a right that is exercised with others (more specifically with others in the militia). In that sense it's a collective right. The court also explained the meaning of the term "bear arms" "Here we know that the phrase has a military sense, and no other; and we must infer that it is used in the same sense in the 26th section, which secures to the citizen the right to bear arms. A man in the pursuit of deer, elk, and buffaloes might carry his rifle every day for forty years, and yet it would never be said of him that he had borne arms; much less could it be said that a private citizen bears arms because he has a dirk or pistol concealed under his clothes, or a spear in a cane."  "Bearing arms" does not mean carrying a gun around for personal protection against criminals or using a gun for hunting. Bearing arms "has a military sense, and no other"  This becomes more evident if you examine the first draft of the Second Amendment- "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; a well armed and well regulated militia being the best security of a free country; but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person."
Thank you Tim for your timely input.  RevHellhound and to a lesser extent, Kelvin have argued that this right to carry a gun is a 'natural right'. It isn't.  The NRA sells the American people profit through patriotism - by encouraging people to buy guns - and boosting gun maker profits.
It does not really matter weather the right is natural or not. I have my guns and you don't vote in this country.  What really matters is that when posting these things the majority of people reading them can vote in your country. So, you making a non-case is sort of letting the side down... when you attack me rather than the message.  It's like me saying "What's the weather got to do with anything?" :) without making a statement as above.
You've already defecated in your country with your gun control. Please do not defecate in mine. Please note, there are absolutely ZERO pro-gunners telling you what to do in your country or trying to bring any opinion of gun control to your country.  The NRA has had quite a bit to say about gun-control policies in both Australia and the UK.
I sense you are so close to finally going pro-gun. You already have admitted that there are NRA policies that are "sensible".   As long as you have been here:  1) You have seen anti-gun leadership attempt murder with hanguns 2) You have seen anti-gun leaders carry concealed guns. 3) You have seen anti-gun leaders buy guns 4) You have seen anti-gun academics get fired and awards removed for lying. 5) You have brought your own interpretations of research, only to find that your research does not support your notions. Remember the DOJ assault rifle study? 6) The law does not support your ideas.  The only thing you have to give up to become a pro-gunner is the idea to control criminal use of guns, you have to control good people with guns. Isn't that what gun control is about? Controling the criminals, by controling good people? Sound kind of stupid to me.  How about following NRA agenda and controling the criminal use of guns by controling CRIMINALS!   And you have been for guns being 'natural' rights Then being rights 'seized' from Britain (when this particular one wasn't) Then about rights being legislated, then not.
: 1) You have seen anti-gun leadership attempt murder with hanguns 2) You have seen anti-gun leaders carry concealed guns. 3) You have seen anti-gun leaders buy guns 4) You have seen anti-gun academics get fired and awards removed for lying. 5) You have brought your own interpretations of research, only to find that your research does not support your notions. Remember the DOJ assault rifle study? 6) The law does not support your ideas.   Let me respond to a few of your objections. First you can't stereotype those who disagree with you based on a few examples. And so what if Sarah Brady bought a gun? Is she anti-gun because she believes in common sense gun-control laws? If I believe in common sense laws such as speed limits and stop signs does that make me anti-car? Would it surprise you if people who favor speed limits and stop signs often also own cars? You're the one who misinterpreted the DOJ assault rifle study. You claimed that the ban "is only taking away weapons form people who will not use them in a crime." Yet the DOJ study said the effect of the ban was uncertain so how could you know for sure who the ban affected? You also falsely claimed that I said the ban was effective. So your above claim about research not supporting my notions is totally bogus to say the least. And what do you mean when you say the law does not support my ideas?
Back in 1994 instead of passing a law to make good citizens wait for thier guns. You complain about a 1994 law that made "good citizens" wait for their guns. This was the Brady Law. Yet in another thread you speak highly of the Brady Law because it was democratically made.    I obey the Brady laws. They were democratically made law. http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=1205&page=4
The NRA is for increased law enforcement spending. Yeah right. If only the NRA would do more than pay lip service to the idea enforcing gun control laws. Who is in charge of enforcing federal gun laws? The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (the ATF). Who has been the number one enemy of the ATF over the years? The NRA. In the 1980's the NRA tried to convince President Reagan to abolish the ATF. In more recent years that have lobbied congress to decrease the budget of the ATF.   " 'The National Rifle Association, every year, is before the appropriations committees on Capitol Hill advocating that ATF's budget be cut. They know that ATF does not have the manpower or the money to do an adequate job enforcing our gun laws.'   Why would they want their budget cut if they don't have an adequate budget?" http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2003/05/09/60minutes/main553147.shtml
Hey we already have common sense gun laws. We do not need any more. What is needed is ENFORCEMENT of current gun laws.  You've already demonstrated that this is unworkable as a proposal because you won't give up your guns... even though you have no right under the constitution for holding them for your own personal protection.
Hey, just started here, wanted to put in my 2 cents.   "The right of the people"----under the constitution, only individuals have rights, governmets (including state) have POWERS that are GRANTED by the people. Governments have no rights, states have no rights, even state militias have no rights. Only individuals have rights. It has further been implicetly stated not only in supreme court opinions, but in historical documentation, that the government is not able to grant people right. Rights are what you get just for being born, for breathing the air. All the bill of krights does is to recognise those rights formally.  You might be right about the bear arms thing, luckily there is the word KEEP in front of it. You have to look at historical reference in order to find the meaning of this. It is pretty simple.  "Arms", they are not talking about he things your hands are attached to  "Shall not be infringed" Is self explanatory. If you don't get this one, take a look in any dictionary.   The "collective right" theory holds no water. It has never been upheld in the supreme court and it simply is NOT what the second amendment says. It is not written in code. It is all right there, in black and white. It is simple to understand, just like the other amendments.   Before long we will probably get to see this in front of the Supreme court. Personally, I look forward to it. "Keep and bear arms" has already been addressed by the court, so has the term "militia".  I think the anti-gunners are taking the wrong approach to this. The simple fact of the matter is that no amount of word twisting and mis-citing can explain away the second amendment. The wording does not support the viewpoint, and the historical evidence certainly does not.  You can cite cases from lower courts all you want, but the US supreme court is the one, final, and only real voice when it comes to interpeting the constitution. Renquest said "The supreme court will do everything in its power to avoid second amendment cases. The language is too clear, and the implications too devestating. Nobody want to be known for sitting on the court that abolishes all gun control."  If you want the second amendment gone, REPEAL it. Then there will be no question as to a right to bear arms. This would be the honorable thing to do, as opposed to trying to twist things around to fit your views. There are provisions for repealing amendments to the constitution. It has been done before, it can be done again. If you want to take a serious shot at this, let me know. I will send a donation (I love grassroots political movements, they let you know that at least somebody is paying attention).  The whole "collective right" argument is based on half truths and deliberate mis-interpetation of a very clear document. The gun control movement needs to look to their leadership and quit spreading lies and disinformation. The NRA needs to do the same.  I get SO tired of seeing reports from both sides of the issue that are full of inflated, doctored numbers. Even the CDC report, which is so often cited by the anti-gunners, turns out to be a complete fabrication when you review the raw data.   I will never understand why people are not willing to present their arguments in an open, honest way instead of using subterfuge.  The first part of your post is a quibble over the words Rights and Power.  There really is no reason I know of the quibble about the words, for the following reasons:  1) When a foreigner has met the requirements of the law and wants to become a U.S. Citizen, the foreigner can ask for the government to grant him or her citizenship. If the government approves of the request, that approval  grants you the same rights as any other citizen. So, the government has the right to not approve a request for citizenship. Again, I seen nothing but a semantic debate that is meaningless in this context. As the government can choose to do or not do something, it's no different than the government having the right to choose something and the authority to impose their decision. Whatever words are used here, it's just a meaningless semantic debate about which word you choose to use.  2) The remainder of your argument picks apart a sentence and uses words out of context, and doesn't even mention the most important part of what the object of that sentence is!  The sentence refers to a militia.  The entire sentence essentially says that the government will permit people to posses arms, for the purpose of forming a militia.  That seems to be a pont you kinda overlooked.  As it happens, we've got a militia already, and the government has not prevented keeping the weapons for our militia.  However, you are a private citizen. And the government would be happy for you to bear arms in our militia in Iraq.  Unfortunately, by yourself, you are nothing but an individual. And the 2nd Amendment does not apply to a militia of 1 person.   The Supreme Court refused to debate that case when it was brought to them a few weeks ago.  In the case, the lawyers were going to argue that an organization should be permitted to bear arms (i.e. own guns), but a private citizen is not entiled to do so under the 2nd Amendment, as 1 person is not a militia, but an organization of people can be considered to be a militia.  Rather than read a sentence 2 or 3 words at a time, and loose the entire meaning of it, or omit the reason for the sentence entirely, it would make more sense to discuss what is being said in an entie phrase, rather than as you did.
It does not really matter weather the right is natural or not. I have my guns and you don't vote in this country.  I Own Guns too, and I do Vote in This Country as You.  However, the difference between us with regard to gun laws is that aside from your being able to purchase guns, and your misinterpretation of the 2nd Amendment, you are utterly ignorant with respect to gun laws in the U.S.,  and that is my major problem with the gun laws today.  Our gun laws today permit legal gun owners to walk out with an unlimitted number of "long arms" (rifles, and shotguns), and a determined number of hand-guns, and be totally ignorant with respect to gun laws, gun saftey, and the ability to even use any gun with any degree of accuracy that could be considered reasonable.  Furthermore, legal gun owners, are totally uninformed about legal issues having to do with using a gun for home protection purposes.  Legal gun owners, are not able to understand their own State Gun Laws without doing a huge amount of research to understand the meaning of certain words in gun laws that have quite different meanings to lay persons.  Lastly, as our gun laws do not provide legal gun owners with information that they should understand when buying a gun for home protection purposes, and as our gun laws do not ensure a such reasonable tests of gun owners on a regular basis for gun safety, accuracy, and the owner's vision, our gun laws are entirely lacking with respect to protecting Society from legal gun owners, and protecting legal gun owners from themselves.
"The right of the people"----under the constitution, only individuals have rights, governmets (including state) have POWERS that are GRANTED by the people. Governments have no rights, states have no rights, even state militias have no rights. Only individuals have rights. It has further been implicetly stated not only in supreme court opinions, but in historical documentation, that the government is not able to grant people right. Rights are what you get just for being born, for breathing the air. All the bill of krights does is to recognise those rights formally.  The government also has the right to be protected by the law. If McDonnell Douglas sign a deal for a new fighter, then the law of contract will protect the government from being ripped off (hopefully :) depending of course on the wording of the contract).  The government does business, and employs people. It has the right and the ability to protect itself. If it employs you, and you don't bother showing up for work, it has the right to make a business decision and get rid of your employment.  There is a grey area in some respects as to whether protecting its rights are merely an action on behalf of you, or whether the government exists in its own right.  For instance, when a suicide bomber launches an attack on a US embassy, the embassy is both a represetative of you (as you vote for the government policy it represents), and also of the government (as there is no direct link to you insofar as all government policy does not go back to you for approval).  You can cite cases from lower courts all you want, but the US supreme court is the one, final, and only real voice when it comes to interpeting the constitution.   Indeed, thus it makes the question "What's your interpretation of the second amendment?" seem moot.
 If you want the second amendment gone, REPEAL it. I don't think that's necessary. We can have both gun-control and the second amendment. In US history, no federal court has ever invalidated a gun control law on second amendment grounds. Since 1939 the Supreme Court has refused to hear a second amendment case and the lower federal courts continue to hold that gun-control does not violate the second amendment. Look at Washington D.C. Its gun ban was recently unsuccessfully challenged in court. "A federal judge on Wednesday upheld the District of Columbia's gun control law that prohibits ownership of handguns, rejecting a legal challenge by a group of citizens backed by the National Rifle Association." http://www.newsday.com/news/politics/wire/sns-ap-gun-law,0,426799.story?coll=sns-ap-politics-headlines
 Rather than read a sentence 2 or 3 words at a time, and loose the entire meaning of it, or omit the reason for the sentence entirely, it would make more sense to discuss what is being said in an entie phrase, rather than as you did. I think some people take certain words out of context in the second amendment and then they apply their own modern day definitions to words that historically had quite different meanings. Remember that the second amendment starts off with "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state...." Even without this preamble the second amendment would still only protect a right in connection with militia service. Michael C. Dorf, professor of law at at Columbia University, explains the meaning of the phrase "keep and bear arms".   "Moreover, if one reads Founding Era documents, one finds that the phrase 'bear arms' was almost always used to refer to military service. (The interested reader can try this himself or herself by searching for the phrase 'bear arms' in the Library of Congress's database of congressional and other documents from the founding era.)....   At the Founding, 'keep and bear' appears to have been understood as a unitary phrase, like other constitutional terms such as 'cruel and unusual' or 'necessary and proper.' In my own research, I have not come across any documents of the Founding period that treat 'keep' as adding a right to private possession distinct from the military notion of arms-bearing."  http://www.cnn.com/2001/LAW/11/columns/fl.dorf.2nd.amendment.11.01/
Even if you consider the first section of the amendment to have more weight than the second, the "militia" has been clearly defined both by theuthors of the constitution as well as by the supreme court as refering to all males physically capable of serving. Here is the oft-miscited text from the miller case:  //quote// The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of Colonies and States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time. //end quote//  It pretty much shreds your definition of militia. You are right, though, we DO already have a militia, it is comprised of "all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense".   The individual right is once again in presser vs. illinois :  //quote// It is undoubtedly true that all citizens capable of bearing arms constitute the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the States; and, in view of this prerogative of the General Government, as well as of its general powers, the States cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view [the Second Amendment] prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms, so as to deprive the United States of their rightful resource for maintaining the public security, and disable the people from performing their duty to the General Government //end quote//  You will note "the States cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view [the Second Amendment] prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms".   If you look at the entiere sentence in one shot, it is even more clear as to their intent. Your militai/collective rights argument does not hold up without ommiting the second half, which specifically conveys an individual right. The individual right argument hold up even when looking at the entire content of the amendment. Any historical research at all will give you a definition of "militia" which is in keeping with the definition found in the miller case.  You need to keep in mind that over half of the framers of the constitution maintained large personal arsenals, including cannons, which were the most devestating instruments of war at the time.  The collective rights argument holds no water, and realistically never has. There is not a single court case that uses the collective rights model that also involvs any historical researc whatsoever. This is because lower courts are not required to do such research.   As far as the supreme courts recent refusal to hear the case, you need to look at the text of the decision. They did NOT refuse on second amendment grounds.   Also, could you pls use the reply button on the left of the screen, as opposed to the one on the right that quotes the entire post? Or, if you must quote, edit it so the entire thing doesn't have to load. My response was posted once already, if you want to ensure that people know who you are responding to, put "daewoo-" at the top. That ay we don't have to scroll through an entire page to see the new material.  Thanks  Daewoo  daewoo, you raised an important point i don't disagree iwth. Namely, the definition of a militia at the time that the Constitution was written. Again, I didn't and don't disagree with that definition as it applies to that time, nor what was in the minds of the Founding Fathers.  I would point out that if we choose to interpret everything in a document that is several hundred or several thousand years old, quite literally, that the Constitution and a few other well known documents would not make much sense in our lives today.  Yes, at the time, I am sure, as you posted, that Men were expected to bring their own rifles.  Thankfully, today, you do not have to bring your own tank, nor RPG's, Stingers, rifles, or anything else.  And THAT is an important point to remember, when we look at the Constitution. We do not expect and do NOT EVEN PERMIT Men to bring their own weapons into the militia that is formed, in peacetime or wartime.  The ORGANIZATION (the collective i.e. militia) provides weapons for Men.  So, sure when the Constitution was written, I PERSONALLY believe that when the Founding Fathers put in the 2nd Amendment, that they most likely felt there was absolutely no need to EXPLICITLY say "Private Citizens" shall have the right to keep arms, BECAUSE EVERYONE HAD A GUN! LOL!  I do NOT disagree with that aspect of the 2nd Amendment argument. Also, I should point out AGAIN, that the Supreme Court (A FEW WEEKS AGO) REFUSED to hear the case about the 2nd Amendment, and the right of an Organization (if you prefer: the POWER of an Organization) to own guns, but not for individuals. ---------- So, let's get down to brass tacks...  If you choose to interpret the Constitution as written, and what the Founding Fathers hadi in mind, when they wrote the 2nd Amendment EXACTLY THAT WAY... then I would say "Yes" there is NO question that the Founding Fathers would have expected every home to have a gun, and that individuals should own guns. (There were people hunted for a real reason back then.) I think it would be silly to argue differently. HOWEVER...  HOWEVER... If you believe that the Constitution is A LIVING DOCUMENT... as many judges and laymen do, and I personally think that is what understanding the Constitution IS AND SHOULD BE all about, then you CAN CERTAINLY interpret the Constitution as CLEARLY indicating that the Right to Bear Arms was given for the purpose of a militia, and that COLLECTIVES  (i.e. Organizations) should have the right to keep Guns, and with few exceptions, no individual.   Recall that the Founders did specify a purpose for the Individual being able to bear Arms, and THAT PURPOSE was for a militia. HOWEVER, TODAY there is NO SUCH purpose. =============== So, THE ENTIRE DEBATE REALLY comes down to this...  Should the Constitution be understood exactly as written, and with exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind,   OR  Should the Constitution be understood as written during a point in time in history, and for it to maintain its value and application, it needs to be interpreted as a "Living Document" with the situations and conditions we face today, in mind.  The two approaches are quite different, and there MAY BE reasons that I am unaware of (as a layman) that are ALREADY SPECIFIED, in which approach 1 or approach 2 must be used (by law).  I'm not a Constitutional Lawyer, so I have to make up my own mind how I think the Constitution should be read, and I suspect you do as well.  In this case, and I suspect that in very many cases, I would say that approach 2 is required, BUT THERE IS A PROBLEM ...  I RECOGNIZE ... that if all legal gun owners were forced to turn in thier guns, that only the police and criminals would have guns.  THAT PRESENTS A BIG PROBLEM FOR ME.... as I do own a Shotgun, and a Handgun for Home Protection purposes. I have also spent over 180 hours reading a number of books by lawyers, and other professionals that understand much about using guns and the various interpretations, of the diverse State laws that are applied, when using a gun for self-defense. And I've spent over 40 hours on just studying that part of my own State's laws on using a gun for that purpose.   And I've been trained by a former cop, with the shotgun, and by a person that competes in various gun tournaments with my handgun, and about 6 or 7 other types of handguns.  And in a year's time, I've fired 3000 rounds of ammo, for practice.  Does everyone do any of this? Hardly. Does it bother me. You bet!  So, until the State says I've gotta turn over my registered guns, I'm gonna keep em. Carefully!  BTW. The KKK is No voice of reason. They are a hate organization that has lynched African Americans for just the fun of it, and aside from their general philosophy of White Supremacy, they are SUPREMELY stupid, and ignorant pathetic excuses for White people everywhere!!!                           with exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind,
I have a right to have firearms. That is not debatable. I have both the legal protection and the natural right. I use firearms for personal protection under my natural right to preserve my life any way that is available to me. In a life and death struggle against a felon. I will not play fair. I will use the maxium amount of violence I can muster to save my life. When I carry a firearm I am on patrol for the militia. Too bad if a felon enters my house. To the Americans here, if you have a gun in the house, do you reach for the gun or go after a baseball bat in a life and death struggle against a home invader? Yes I have the right to use any means necessary at hand to protect my life. The idea that if I have a gun under the 2nd Amendment and I am attacked in my home, that I have to put my gun down and find another weapon is laughable.  You and your imaginary militia of one person, yourself. Do not exist in the eyes of anyone else but your own.   And if you use "any means necessary at hand to protect my life", your gonna find your little XXX behind bars for a good 20 years!  THIS IS EXACTLY the kind of legal gun owner that should NOT HAVE a gun!!!  They're a menace to society, a menace to their family, and a menace to themselves.   They're COMPLETLY IGNORANT of ALL Gun Laws PARTICULARLY Gun Laws that apply to a Self-Defense plea, and will wind up most likely killing an innocent, or in jail on a 2nd degree murder or at the very least, a Voluntary Manslaughter charge!           Excuse me kelvin90701, have you read NE of this thread
A standing army provides weapons for the men.  .... used firearms, both ex-slaves.  Forget about spelling the argument out for this guy!   He can read!
I have a right to have firearms. That is not debatable. I have both the legal protection and the natural right. I use firearms for personal protection under my natural right to preserve my life any way that is available to me. In a life and death struggle against a felon. I will not play fair. I will use the maxium amount of violence I can muster to save my life. When I carry a firearm I am on patrol for the militia. Too bad if a felon enters my house. To the Americans here, if you have a gun in the house, do you reach for the gun or go after a baseball bat in a life and death struggle against a home invader? Yes I have the right to use any means necessary at hand to protect my life. The idea that if I have a gun under the 2nd Amendment and I am attacked in my home, that I have to put my gun down and find another weapon is laughable.  OK all you walking disasters that are legal gun owners... IF ANY OF YOU THINK LIKE THE GUY THAT POSTED THE MESSAGE ABOVE...I am posting a new thread in this section with 1 book in particular YOU ALL should read. In fact, if you bought a gun for Home Defensive purposes, OR IF YOU own a gun for dual purposes with Home Defense, being one of those purposes... YOU'VE GOTTA READ AT LEAST 1 SPECIFIC BOOK in the new thread in this section. I will call the new thread: "Must Read Books on Gun Law for Gun Owners"
If you think that just because you obey the law and own a gun, that does not make you immune to anti-gunners. By simply owning the gun you have already violated an anti-gunner. They are comming after you. ...   Check back a few posts... I'm didn't say I wanted to turn in my guns, man. I said that until the State comes asking me to turn in my registered guns, I'm gonna hang onto them, carefully. Remeber???  What I was saying is a travesty about the Gun Laws is you could be legally blind and buy a gun. (You think I want one of those people as my next door neighbor? HELL NO!)  When you get a permit to buy a handgun, who knows if you can even hit paper at 10 feet!!! (Think I want one of those as a next door neighbor? HELL NO!)  And when they give youa long-gun license to buy as many shotguns and rifles as you please.. Do they give you a clue what you can and can not do to LEGALLY protect yoursefl, so that your not sent to prison for 15 years, cause you shot someone walking out of your house with your stereo, or driving away with your car??? (HELL NO!)   They give out permits to anyone, and send them naked into society with no understanding of any gun laws, no evidence that the person they gave the permit to can even hit paper at 20 years (say every 5 years), NOTHING!  Now, if I remember correctly, when I wanted to gt a license to drive a car: I had to take driving lessons for a few weeks, I was given the New Jersey Laws of the Road, which I then could study, I then had to pass a written exam, and an actual hands on test. And BTW. They don't pass EVERYONE the first time they jump into the car with them for the driving test!  So, you get a slip with permission to purchase a handgun, and a license to buy as many damn long-guns as someone wants to buy, and what else???? NADA, pal.  Your ready to go out into the world with not a clue about a self-defense case, in your own State, NOT ONE person who will give you a READABLE version of your State Gun Laws... And your @ss is ready to be sent to jail for 10 to 20 years, because you THOUGHT you had a right to shoot someone, that broke into your house. BALONEY!  That's the travesty of justice of the gun laws we have. LEGAL gun owners are not being given the information they need, legal gun owners are not tested to even see if they're legally blind!!! Christ! Does that make any sense!  What I AM saying is that the gun laws suck! Gun Owners need to know the laws, they need to proove that they can hit paper at some reasonable distance, say 15 yards, say 18 out of 20 times, and they need to be trained, and retested every few years to make sure that they can still hit paper and are not gonna be shooting wildly out of one of their windows, instead of at the immenent deadly threat.  What I am saying is to give legal gun owners a chance at knowing their rights, so they don't end up in jail because the THOUGHT this or that, and they need to protect society from legal gun owners by making sure that we are properly trained and tested. That;s my beef with the gun laws.  I'm telling you folks, read at least the first 3 of those books I posted up for you in the other thread in this forum, because you have no idea how stacked up AGAINST THE LEGAL GUN OWNER, the State Laws are. And it is REAL easy to find yourself in jail or in financial ruin, from a burgler or hsi or her family that sues your @ss in a Civil Court to pay for the rest of your life for a stupid mistake that you should have known about not getting into.
 Here is the current militia act: //quote//  (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and . . . under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.   (b) The classes of the militia are --    (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and   (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.   //end quote//   Here is the militia act of 1792:  The Militia Act of 1792 is no longer the law of the land and the current Militia Act that you refer to distinguishes between an organized and unorganized militia. Federal courts have tended to interpret the militia spoken of in the Constitution as being an organized militia.   "Rather, the claimant of Second Amendment protection must prove that his or her possession of the weapon was reasonably related to a well regulated militia. See id. at 923....'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test. Oakes, 564 F.2d at 387. Membership in a hypothetical or 'sedentary' militia is likewise insufficient. See Warin, 530 F.2d 103" U.S. v. Hale (8th Cir. 1992)   "A careful reading of Miller, however, strongly suggests that only militias actively maintained and trained by the states can satisfy the 'well regulated militia' requirement of the Second Amendment. As the Miller Court emphasized, the 'obvious purpose' of the Second Amendment was to 'render possible the effectiveness of' the governmental militia described in the Militia Clauses of the Constitution." U.S. v. Wright (11th Cir. 1997)   And Article 1 of the Constitution suggests that the militia was meant to be organized. In Article 1 Congress is given the power to "To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress"  So if you're part of the militia spoken of in the Constitution who is your commanding officer and how often to do you receive training from the state you live in?
I hate it when people quote the whole message, but I am going to anway because I think you present some important argument here and I want to make certain that those who see the reply catch the context of the argument.  First off, in Jeffersons papers, as collected at the library of congress, the smitsonian, and other institutions, he uses the term "Bear Arms" a total of 347 times. Of those, only 54 refer to any type of miliatry service, military units, or government service. The remainder refer entirely to individuals. Even if it's talking about individuals it could be talking about individuals bearing arms in connection with a militia. And you say this based on what source?    If you look at the commentaries of the constitution at the time, including papers written by the original signers, you will find that the second amendment is discussed in great length by the majority of those people, and in every single case, it is referred to as an individual right, unlimited in scope. I don't think so. James Madison's first draft of the second amendment was "The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed; a well armed and well regulated militia being the best security of a free country: but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person." It's quite clear there that the term "bear arms" is referring to military service. Furthermore, if you look at the debates of that the first congress that surrounded the adoption of the second amendment it was frequently debated whether certain people should be exempted from bearing arms (militia service).   Looking at the root meaning of the word further confirms this: "To bear arms is, in itself, a military term. One does not bear arms against a rabbit. The phrase simply translates the Latin arma ferre. The infinitive ferre, to bear, comes from the verb fero. The plural noun arma explains the plural usage in English ('arms'). One does not 'bear arm.' Latin arma is, etymologically, war 'equipment,' and it has no singular forms.' 16 By legal and other channels, arma ferre entered deeply into the European language of war. To bear arms is such a synonym for waging war that Shakespeare can call a just war 'just-borne arms' and a civil war 'self-borne arms.' 17 Even outside the phrase 'bear arms,' much of the noun&#47977; use alone echoes Latin phrases: to be under arms (sub armis), the call to arms (ad arma), to follow arms (arma sequi), to take arms (arma capere), to lay down arms (arma ponere)." http://www.potowmack.org/garwills.html  A State Supreme Court understood the meaning of the term "bear arms" quite well. "The 28th section of our bill of rights provides, 'that no citizen of this State shall be compelled to bear arms, provided he will pay in equivalent, to be ascertained by law.' Here we know that the phrase has a military sense, and no other; and we must infer that it is used in the same sense in the 26th section, which secures to the citizen the right to bear arms. A man in the pursuit of deer, elk and buffaloes, might carry his rifle every day, for forty years, and, yet, it would never be said of him, that he had borne arms, much less could it be said, that a private citizen bears arms, because he has a dirk or pistol concealed under his clothes, or a spear in a cane." Aymette v. State, 21 Tenn. (2 Hump.) 154 (1840)   The 9th Circuit Court in its thorough historical analysis of the second amendment explains: "We consider it highly significant, however, that the second clause does not purport to protect the right to 'possess' or 'own' arms, but rather to 'keep and bear' arms. This choice of words is important because the phrase 'bear arms' is a phrase that customarily relates to a military function. Historical research shows that the use of the term 'bear arms' generally referred to the carrying of arms in military service- not the private use of arms for personal purposes. n28 For instance, Professor Dorf, after canvassing documents from the founding era, concluded that 'overwhelmingly, the term had a military connotation.' ....Further, the Oxford English Dictionary defines 'to bear arms' as 'to serve as a soldier, do military service, fight.' 1 OXFORD ENGLISH DICTIONARY 634 (J.A. Simpson & E.S.C. Weiner, eds., 2d ed. 1989) (quoted in Yassky, supra, at 619). Thus, the use of the phrase 'bear arms' in its second clause strongly suggests that the right that the Second Amendment seeks to protect is the right to carry arms in connection with military service." http://www.potomac-inc.org/silveira.html   David Yassky explains, "searching a Library of Congress database containing all official records of debates in the Continental and the U.S. Congress between 1774 and 1821 reveals thirty uses of the phrase 'bear arms' or 'bearing arms' (other than in discussing the proposed second amendment); and in every single one of these uses, the phrase has an unambiguously military meaning." "The Second Amendment: Structure, History, and Constitutional Change" 99 Mich. L. Rev. 588 (2000)
 I am not a militia of 1 person. I am a member of an unregulated militia and so are you. So you're "a member of an unregulated militia"? In contrast, the second amendment refers to a "well regulated militia". So you aren't part of the militia referred to in the second amemdment. And you are right that you're not a militia of one person.   "Gun advocates claim that the 'right of the people' to keep and bear arms is distributive, the right of every individual taken singly. It has that sense in, for instance, the Fourth Amendment ('the right of the people to be secure in their persons'):But the militia as 'the people' was always the populus armatus, in the corporate sense (one cannot be a one-person militia; one must be formed into groups). Thus Trenchard calls the militia 'the people' even though as we have seen, the groups he thought of were far from universal. 51 The militia literature often refers to 'the great body of the people' as forming the militia, and body (corpus) is a necessarily corporate term. The great body means 'the larger portion or sector of' (OED, "great," 8:c). This usage came from concepts like 'sovereignty is in the people.' This does not mean that every individual is his or her own sovereign. When the American people revolted against England, there were loyalists, hold-outs, pacifists who did not join the revolution. Yet Americans claimed that the 'whole people' rose, as Madison wrote in the Federalist, since the connection with body makes 'whole' retain its original, its etymological sense- wholesome, hale, sound (sanus). The whole people is the corpus sanum, what Madison calls 'the people at large.' 52 Thus 'the people' form militias though not every individual is included in them." http://www.potomac-inc.org/garwills.html
Your concept of a militia is not a militia. It is a standing army. The militia and standing army are two different things. Yes by an act of Congress I am in the militia. You idea of the unarmed civilians falls into line if you expect the militia to fight with kitchen knives.  If civilians then do not own guns. Then I want full auto machine guns of large and small calibur, I want mortars, I want anti-tank guns, Stingers, and and land mines stored at every hospital, school, church, police station, and city hall so the civilians have access to them when called upon.   The militia is clearly NOT to be regulated and organized by the Federal governemnt. So then who gets the guns? They have to be nearby and accessible. That is why they have always been in peoples homes.  I think this analysis is essentially correct. Where is the line drawn though. Do we let citizens own The M1 Abrams?
This Post took about 9 hours to think through and write up. Hope it rejuvinates the debate.  Much as I am a gun owner, I'm not seeing to much in the Second.. Here's why...  Whether or not the 2nd Amendment was written to provide for the protection of the States from a foreign invasion, or border dispute, or Civil War, it is clear that the objective of the 2nd Amendment is to address the basic provisions and control required to form a militia reporting to the President.   One of the provisions to form a militia is explicitly stated in the  2nd Amendment as the unrestricted Right of the individual to own guns.   At that time in our history, when a militia was formed, it was expected that individuals would bring their own gun(s) to the militia. That provision is THE IMPLICIT PURPOSE of the Right of the individual to own guns.  Within the 2nd Amendment, there are NO OTHER IMPLICIT, NOR EXPLICIT purposes pertaining to the unrestricted Right of the individual to own gun(s).   In other words, the 2nd Amendment does NOT IMPLICITLY, NOR EXPLICITLY suggest or expand its purpose beyond what it required for a militia, and the control of a militia.  The 2nd Amendment does NOT provide an individual the Right to own gun(s) for the PURPOSE OF providing for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  Therefore, ANY OTHER PURPOSE OR REASON for the possession of guns that has been attributed to rights under the 2nd Amendment is based entirely upon thoughts and purposes that were NOT IN THE MINDS OF the Founding Fathers when the 2nd Amendment was written.  The Founding Fathers knew many people required guns to provide for food, income, and home-defense. Yet, the Founding Fathers did not separate the purpose of the unrestricted Right of individuals to own guns for a militia, from the SOLE PURPOSE of owning guns for the creation of a militia.  The Founding Fathers did not write the 2nd Amendment in a manner that would even suggest that the Right of an individual to own guns had purposes beyond a militia, that would provide for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  We may therefore conclude that, any reason or purpose for an individual owning a gun, OTHER THAN for a militia, is not provided for under the 2nd Amendment, and that current gun laws for private ownership of guns is mistaken.  Justifications or reasons to provide individuals with a Right to own guns for a purpose or reason other than a militia, would have to be based on some Amendment, other than the 2nd Amendment, to determine if any such Right exists for individual gun ownership exists.  That the Founding Fathers did not write all Amendments with the explicit and specific Rights of individuals for every condition and circumstance is self-explanatory, as the size of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution would be enormous, and the Founding Fathers would still be busy writing the Bill of Rights and a Constitution if that was the case. However, the Founding Fathers were very careful in their use of words and phrases, and in the logical composition of a Constitution, and that they decided not to specify other purposes exist that justify individual gun ownership, beyond a militia, in the 2nd Amendment. That decision would appear to be intentional.  Although it might ideal to understand all that the Founding Fathers had in mind, when the Constitution was written, it must also be understood  and concluded that what was the basis for a rational giving the Founding Fathers reasons to create an Amendment, and chose specific terms, phrases, and specifics, may not exist today, nor even be of any importance.   For example, individuals need not carry guns from their home to where our troops will gather. Today's "militia" provides for the a militia's need, and an individual's need for guns. What the Founding Fathers once wrote with respect to an individual possessing a gun for the purpose of a militia and the remainder of the 2nd Amendment requires revision or elimination.
Your concept of a militia is not a militia. It is a standing army. The militia and standing army are two different things. Yes by an act of Congress I am in the militia. You idea of the unarmed civilians falls into line if you expect the militia to fight with kitchen knives.  If civilians then do not own guns. Then I want full auto machine guns of large and small calibur, I want mortars, I want anti-tank guns, Stingers, and and land mines stored at every hospital, school, church, police station, and city hall so the civilians have access to them when called upon.   The militia is clearly NOT to be regulated and organized by the Federal governemnt. "The Congress shall have Power To.... To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;" (Article 1 Section 8) You claim that a militia is "is clearly NOT to be regulated and organized by the Federal governemnt" yet the US Constitution clearly grants Congress the power "To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia"
 At that time in our history, when a militia was formed, it was expected that individuals would bring their own gun(s) to the militia. That provision is THE IMPLICIT PURPOSE of the Right of the individual to own guns.  Within the 2nd Amendment, there are NO OTHER IMPLICIT, NOR EXPLICIT purposes pertaining to the unrestricted Right of the individual to own gun(s).   In other words, the 2nd Amendment does NOT IMPLICITLY, NOR EXPLICITLY suggest or expand its purpose beyond what it required for a militia, and the control of a militia.  The 2nd Amendment does NOT provide an individual the Right to own gun(s) for the PURPOSE OF providing for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  Therefore, ANY OTHER PURPOSE OR REASON for the possession of guns that has been attributed to rights under the 2nd Amendment is based entirely upon thoughts and purposes that were NOT IN THE MINDS OF the Founding Fathers when the 2nd Amendment was written.  The Founding Fathers knew many people required guns to provide for food, income, and home-defense. Yet, the Founding Fathers did not separate the purpose of the unrestricted Right of individuals to own guns for a militia, from the SOLE PURPOSE of owning guns for the creation of a militia.  The Founding Fathers did not write the 2nd Amendment in a manner that would even suggest that the Right of an individual to own guns had purposes beyond a militia, that would provide for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  We may therefore conclude that, any reason or purpose for an individual owning a gun, OTHER THAN for a militia, is not provided for under the 2nd Amendment, and that current gun laws for private ownership of guns is mistaken. The second amendment is like "Good transportation being important to interstate commerce, the right of the people to keep and breed horses shall not be infringed."  The purpose of people owning horses is clear. It's to serve the interests of interstate commerce. Some would argue that modern day circumstances would invalidate such a right. More efficient modes of transportation have replaced horses. I borrow this analogy from the book The Militia and the Right to Arms, Or, How the Second Amendment Fell Silent. The authors of this book argue that the second amendment protects an individual right to bear arms only in connection with an organized citizen militia. They also argue that modern day circumstances have invalidated the second amendment. They argue that a militia is no longer necessary to the security of a free state and thus arming the people no longer serves the purpose that it once served.   I think that there is certainly some room for modern day interpretation. When the Founding Fathers wrote the fourth amendment they didn't intend for it to protect you from the government listening to your telephone conversations. The Supreme Court, however, has applied the fourth amendment to wiretapping. It was not necessary to rewrite the fourth amendment. The Constitution is a living document and can be interpreted to fit modern day circumstances.
Tanks are legal to own. The question "Do we let" is already answered. It is "YES".  And are the shells they fire legal to own? What about legal to drive them to the grocery store loaded with shells?
The second amendment is like "Good transportation being important to interstate commerce, the right of the people to keep and breed horses shall not be infringed."  The purpose of people owning horses is clear. It's to serve the interests of interstate commerce. Some would argue that modern day circumstances would invalidate such a right. More efficient modes of transportation have replaced horses. I borrow this analogy from the book The Militia and the Right to Arms, Or, How the Second Amendment Fell Silent. The authors of this book argue that the second amendment protects an individual right to bear arms only in connection with an organized citizen militia. They also argue that modern day circumstances have invalidated the second amendment. They argue that a militia is no longer necessary to the security of a free state and thus arming the people no longer serves the purpose that it once served.   I think that there is certainly some room for modern day interpretation. When the Founding Fathers wrote the fourth amendment they didn't intend for it to protect you from the government listening to your telephone conversations. The Supreme Court, however, has applied the fourth amendment to wiretapping. It was not necessary to rewrite the fourth amendment. The Constitution is a living document and can be interpreted to fit modern day circumstances.  I believe your use of the term "Organized" is not necessarily a part of the second ammendment. As I recall the point to the second ammendment was to allow citizenry to maintain weapons in order that, in an emergency, when the regular army was insufficient for any number of reasons, then the citizenry would be called upon to defend the country. It was intended to prevent invasion.   It was also intended to show that the ordinary citizenry are not outclassed by the regular army. Hence, the right not to be required to board soldiers.   The right to own guns is a necessary right. It is not limited to anything organized. The word does not appear in the constitution.
The second amendment is like "Good transportation being important to interstate commerce, the right of the people to keep and breed horses shall not be infringed."  The purpose of people owning horses is clear. It's to serve the interests of interstate commerce. .... More efficient modes of transportation have replaced horses. I borrow this analogy from the book The Militia and the Right to Arms, Or, How the Second Amendment Fell Silent. The authors of this book argue that the second amendment protects an individual right to bear arms only in connection with an organized citizen militia. They also argue that modern day circumstances have invalidated the second amendment. They argue that a militia is no longer necessary to the security of a free state and thus arming the people no longer serves the purpose that it once served.   I think that there is certainly some room for modern day interpretation. When the Founding Fathers wrote the fourth amendment they didn't intend for it to protect you from the government listening to your telephone conversations. The Supreme Court, however, has applied the fourth amendment to wiretapping. It was not necessary to rewrite the fourth amendment. The Constitution is a living document and can be interpreted to fit modern day circumstances.  Never the less, the analogy is excellent, and clarifies exactly my point. My personal view of why the Founding Father omitted the few words: "for any legitimate purpose", from the 2nd Amendment is that they did not envision a world without guns, as we now have, nor did they envision the need to expand the 2nd Amendment to include a Right to something as commonplace as guns were. In short, I personally believe that they  "gooffed up", when the wrote the 2nd Amendment, because they mentioned arms, and specifically isolated the Right to keep and bear arms to a single purpose.   My thinking is that they DID INTEND to specifically ISOLATE AND CLEARLY state that an individual's right to keep and bear arms for a militia to keep a Free State was to ensure that people could form small disorganized units, if needed, to ward off, an invasion.  What the Founding Fathers did NOT REALIZE is that in writing the  2nd Amendment using the language that they did, and having specifically limited the Right to keep and bear arms for the purpose of a militia, that they excluded any other purpose for keeping arms!   The mistake was not realized until today, because it is only now, that voilent incidents with guns reached epidemic levels and people have been thinking of and coming up with ways to either ban or limit the private ownership of guns.  In a way, it is ironic that an Amendment that was intended to ensure a Right to keep arms is the very Amendment that can be used to ban Arms, because of what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they wrote the 2nd Amendment. They clearly were not talking about hunting, or anything like that, and being that there intention was single-minded (just for a militia), it can be clearly stated that the Founding Fathers did not have ANY OTHER purpose in mind when they wrote the 2nd Amendment. Ironic.
You are making a mockery of the 2nd Amendment. You know the answer.  I am not making a mockery of the second ammendment (and so what if I am. Isn't free speech on the first ammendment?). I am actually asking a legitimate question and have yet to have it answered. WHERE DO WE DRAW THE LINE? The second ammendment sheds no light on this. If I was mocking anything it was that you were dodging the question because you want to say no limits although in face of something so obvious you are embarrassed at such a statement.
I am for NO LIMITS. (cept for felons and adjudicated crazies which loose thier constitutional rights anyway). It is the other side that won't outright say I am for total gun confiscation except for hollywood elite and police officers....  So you think it is wise that the individual citizens can own functional surface to air missiles, and/or nuclear weapons?
This is called extremist logic. First of all sams cost millions of dollars and people who can afford them probably can't afford that many, secondly these rich d00ds probably like thier freedom and would not be so inclined to use them. 3rdly how many individuals do you know can afford a billion dollar nuclear arms program and build, posses, and maintain a nuclear weapon? This is absurd rationing from the land of make believe.   But to answer your question if the government can own it so should the people.   Rev: I agree that the logic is extreme. But then again, so is the position. "If the government can own it so should the people." One must look at the appropriate line to draw. I was actually answering Kelvin and not you.  He stated that I was mocking the second ammendment and I was not. I was pushing for an answer to my question. You have done so. You normally do. You do not engage in ad hominem generally. He does.   My intention was to be extreme in the logic. It is necessary to consider. No right is absolute. Because one person's rights end where another begins. Even you agree to some limits (crazys and felons I believe you said). I am simply saying that limits that are reasonably imposed are okay.  As to the liklihood that anyone would have the money to produce such items. Good argument except people like the Rockefellers and Bill Gates etc, with megacorps at their disposal exist.   The only limits I am in favor of are reasonable ones. I do not know where the line should be drawn. Kelvin doesn't either, but he would rather attack me than argue the actual point.
"Because one person's rights end where another begins." This is at the heart of the argument. What rights of yours am I violating by owning, carrying or possessing a gun What rights are YOU violating by telling me I can not. See the difference one is liberty one is prohibition.    What purpose would gates, the rockefellers etc have for purchasing such items? Again this makes no sense as this obviously would not help thier bottom line. Secondly Loreal, Boeing, Mcdonald douglas, ALL make missiles and other weapons and are corporations. Dyncorp the largest mercenary company based in the USA has access to all sorts of "banned" munitions but they aren't (as far as we know) killing americans on our streets. You or I will never have the funds to purchase such items and therefore I do not see its relavance to the 2nd amendment. As for governments and people having the same items... Governments are responsible for the killing of over 170 MILLION people over the last century. The "people" have killed far less. So who do you trust to be armed your neighbor or someone like hussein? (my own extremist logic)  We could beat around the extremist bush for quite sometime. Your argument on corporations makes some sense, except for one thing. While it may not have happened on US streets, I am not so certain of that fact. I do not have knowledge of corporations that are US based that may or may not have been involved in illegal and unpublicised sale of arms to criminal elements in other countries that then did something in this country.  It only takes one nut with reasonable, unregulated access. Currently corporations are regulated, heavily. Especially those that make the weapons. It is in their contracts and governmental administrative code as well as statute. The point being you are stating that no one has as of yet used a SAM or nuclear device etc, and I am saying the reason is due to the regulation that exists. You are wanting to eliminate that which is causing the lack of use of these weapons. You want us to allow people to have access to them.   People will use them if given free access. As I said before. I am not for prohibiting handguns. I am for reasonable limits and SO ARE YOU!  1) No nuts with guns. This is your statement 2) No felons with guns (who have had their rights revoked) Also your statement 3) No one is using the extreme weapons. Your statement 3a) Because those weapons are currently regulated and the security is strong for them. (my statement but you imply the need for them by making statement number 3.  I bet if I looked I could find more. Reasonable limits are permitted by the second ammendment.
let me reply to your remarks about the 2nd amend. The word regulated is used in reference to militias, not the people. So that is saying that militias can be regulated. Now the other part of the amend taken together with the militia part still means the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. Now some anti gun types or gun control advocates have tried to use the militia lie to ban the right to bear arms. This is to include your remarks about the 2nd amend. Anti gun types or gun control advocates like you read it that way because you want to limit the right to bear arms.  What are reasonable limits? Name one? Are gun bans reasonable? Are background checks reasonable? Are gun free zones reasonable? Are waiting periods reasonable?   With these questions asked one must remember that 20/20 did a program where criminals in a prison were asked what gun control laws they obeyed. The criminals replied they obey no gun control laws. One must remember that sometime criminals tell lies. This is one of the few times I would have to believe the criminals.  These very same criminals stated they did not fear the criminal justice system, nor the police. These criminals stated they feared armed law-abiding citizens.  The only people that scare me are the anti gun types or gun control advocates such as you, because they will use whatever force it takes to limit or ban a right this is to include physical force and deadly force.   After all you are the one demanding limits on people rights!  Let me first apologize for earlier remarks which admin or moderator seems to have edited out. I mean no disrespect generally. I do not like prejudicial comments when people characterize me as "anti-gun" because I am for some reasonable limits.  I am aware criminals do not obey laws to begin with. I am a member of the NRA myself. I am a conservative and have never voted to support any new gun legislation. I have vehemently opposed it. My point being that reasonable limits are reasonable. It is innappropriate for a just society with a maintained civil service such as a police force to have its citizens carrying fully automatic weapons loaded and in plain view all over the streets. That is not making any sense. People are hot headed by nature. We argue and fight on a regular basis.   You are a resonable person and say you would never harm anyone with your weapon unless they are attacking you (I think you would say this anyway.) The taking of another human life is a very serious thing. The laws are there to protect gun owners as much as those who might be shot. I do not own a gun. I am a memeber of the NRA. I do not wish to own a gun. I do not think I have need of one. I live in a very large metropolitan area. I do not support further legislation. I do support the enforcement of what is current. I think some could be repealed but am okay with what is there. The second ammendment does not allow for the infringement of this right because of the need for a WELL REGULATED MILITIA. Correct the militia is what is regulated. However, I am allowed to say that I disagree with you. I cannot yell fire in a crowded theater unless there is a fire. My first ammendment right is limited. My second ammendment right is limited to allow for the clear and present danger that certain things might pose.   I used the extreme argument of tanks with full shells. Clear and Present Danger with that.   I still ask the question, where do we draw the line. I notice not one of you advocating for unrestricted gun ownership has answered that question. In spite of claims such as felons who have not had their rights restored or insane people should not be allowed guns. You agree with some limits. It is inherent in your argument. No please answer my question.
Simple support and implement very severe punishment for violent crimes. That is the line.  Rev:  Please define what you mean. Also are there any statistics which show that severe punishment for the crime has prevented recidivism. My thinking is not.
Somebody commits a crime with a gun they get locked up for good... THe recidivism goes way down if you spend the rest of your life in jail.  Thank you for your clarification.  Now consider the supreme court decisions and legislation regarding "cruel and unusual punishment."  Is it logical to assume that your plan would actually be possible given that a 17 year old holding up a liquor store with a gun would then go to prison for life. This would likely fall under the condition of "unusual."   In other words your plan won't work. I assume that you hold that part of the constitution in equally high regard to the second ammendment.
This is an excerpt fom the US v. miller 1939. I think it outlines the point of keeping the right to keep and bear arms in context.  "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense. Aymette v. State of Tennessee, 2 Humph., Tenn., 154, 158.   The Constitution as originally adopted granted to the Congress power- 'To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress.' U.S.C.A.Const. art. 1, 8. With obvious purpose to assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness of such forces the declaration and guarantee of the Second Amendment were made. It must be interpreted and applied with that end in view.   The Militia which the States were expected to maintain and train is set in contrast with Troops which they [307 U.S. 174, 179] were forbidden to keep without the consent of Congress. The sentiment of the time strongly disfavored standing armies; the common view was that adequate defense of country and laws could be secured through the Militia- civilians primarily, soldiers on occasion. "  Please review and respond with like evidence.
Maybe you should read up on what people are still allowed to own. You can own a shotgun with less then that length of the shotgun in the Miller case as long as you do the proper paperwork and pay two hundred dollar to uncle sam through the ATF.  The Miller case was about what kind of shotguns the military used. The criminal claimed the military used shot barreled shotguns and the government lawyers claimed the military did not. There is no regulation that claims a person must be in a militia to bear arms. The Miller case does not support your claims. If it did all guns in America would be out of the hands of law abiding citizens.  One has to worry about gun control advocates or anti gun types that place their whole defense of their claims about the right to bear arms on the basis of what criminals claim. One would think that the anti gun types or gun control advocates would have learned something from the NFA law.  The military uses shotguns with longer barrels. But guess what, a person can own a shotgun with a barrel less then the barrel in the Miller case if that person jumps through enough government hoops to do so. Do I agree with the NFA law? No I do not. I do not agree with all of the bs a person must do to own this class of firearm. Because this did not stop the criminals from obtaining this class of firearm, the harsh penalties did.  Now one has to wonder about the anti gun type or gun control advocates such as you that want people to be in militias to bear arms. The founding fathers were not really happy with governments that had large standing armies. These large standing armies enforced the occupying governments laws. So why would the founding fathers want to place this much power in another government?  I have never claimed that one must be in a militia to own a weapon. I have only claimed that reasonable limits are allowed by the second ammendment. This court case supports that interpretation.  1) I do not think you have to be in a militia to own a weapon. NEVER SAID IT< 2) I do think REASONABLE limits are allowed. Supported by the court case. It is not based on criminal claims but on the supreme court allowing the limitation.
Okay folks. I am leaving this thread. You all are the worst at putting words in my mouth.  I never said the supreme court said you can't own a certain weapon.   I said the supreme court decision clearly allows the government to make reasonable limitations.  Rev: YOU may think it is not cruel and unusual, but the supreme court would differ and you know it.
You were asked what reasonable limits you wanted. Instead you choose to insult people defending a right.   It was pointed out that laws like background checks, gun registration, gun bans, and waiting periods were not obeyed by criminals. This was demonstrated by a anti gun network on 20/20. A newsperson asked criminals if they obeyed gun control laws. The criminals stated no they did not obey gun control laws.  When asked what these criminals feared the criminals replied, not the criminal justice system, nor the police. The criminals stated they feared armed law abiding home owners!  Just who are these laws affecting if the criminals do not obey them? These laws do not appear to infringe on the criminals ability to get guns.  So what are you claiming about militias?   Did you not read that short barreled shotguns can be owned by law abiding citizens? You claim the courts state they cannot.  I have insulted no one of recent and I have apologized for where I did in past. deal with it.
Do you remember the DOJ study you brought to me as proof that gun control works? You forgot to read the conclusions didn't you? After your own proof showed you that you were wrong you still haven't changed your mind haven't you?  I never said that a DOJ study proved that gun control worked.   Do you know the difference between judical opinion and judicial decision? You keep bringing me judical opinion as proof that I have no right to own a gun. Judical decion is the ONLY thing that matters, judical opinion is fluff.  Just like the DOJ study and your judical opinions, you conviently forgot the quote the important part of the 2nd Amendment.  Here is the entire text:  "A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."  A well-regulated milita is necessary for the security of a free state.   I do not have to be part of the militia to bear arms. The militia portion is about the security of a free state, not a requirement to bear arms.  It is also a warning to anti-gunners. When you mess with the 2nd Amendment your are messing with the security of our freedoms.  The 18th Amendment says it is illegal to drink liquor. The 21th Amendment superceeds to older text of the Constitution.  Article 1 section 8 is the older part of the Constitution. It is superceeded by the 2nd Amendment. Congress no longer has the right to infringe on the right to bear arms.  I do not have to be part of an orgainized militia to own guns. The 2nd Amendment is very clear, it is not a requirement to bear arms. The militia is a requirment of for the security of a free state, not to bear arms. Yes the 2nd amendment is meant for the militia, the militia is not a necessary requirment. The militia is supported by the right to bear arms, not the other way around. As a militia memember both organized and unorganzied, my right to bear arms is guaranteed to not be infringed, the same for even citizens who are not in the militia. The right to bear arms exists as a right unto itself.  If you use the "militia" portion of the text, your position makes no sense: "A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state"  "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." is totally clear.  The militia portion of the text is equalivant of fluf just like judical opinion. First time I've heard this argument. So how exactly do you determine which parts of the Constitution are just "fluff" and which parts are actually law?
Akhil Reed Amar, a leading scholar of constitutional law and author of The Bill of Rights: Creation and Reconstruction, explains, "But the libertarian reading must contend with textual embarrassments of its own. The amendment speaks of a right of 'the people' collectively rather than a right of 'persons' individually. And it uses a distinctly military phrase: 'bear arms.'....The rest of the Bill of Rights confirms this communitarian reading. The core of the First Amendment's assembly clause, which textually abuts the Second Amendment, is the right of 'the people'--in essence, voters--to 'assemble' in constitutional conventions and other political conclaves. So, too, the core rights retained and reserved to 'the people' in the Ninth and Tenth Amendments were rights of the people collectively to govern themselves democratically. The Fourth Amendment is trickier: 'The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated.' Here, the collective 'people' wording is paired with more individualistic language of 'persons.'"  http://www.constitution.org/2ll/2ndschol/103wha.htm  But whether the second amendment protects an individual right or a collective right the important part is that it protects a right in connection with a well-regulated militia. The 8th Circuit Court explained this quite clearly.   "Citing dicta from United States v. Verdugo-Urquidez, 494 U.S. 259, 265, 110 S.Ct. 1056, 1060, 108 L.Ed.2d 222 (1990), Hale argues that the Second Amendment protections apply to individuals and not to states or collective entities like militias. This argument is inapplicable to this case. The purpose of the Second Amendment is to restrain the federal government from regulating the possession of arms where such regulation would interfere with the preservation or efficiency of the militia. See Miller, 307 U.S. at 178, 59 S.Ct. at 818; United States v. Oakes, 564 F.2d 384 (10th Cir. 1977), cert. denied, 435 U.S. 926, 98 S.Ct. 1493, 55 L.Ed.2d 521 (1978); Cody, 460 F.2d 34. Whether the 'right to bear arms' for militia purposes is 'individual' or 'collective' in nature is irrelevant where, as here, the individual's possession of arms is not related to the preservation or efficiency of a militia." U.S. v. Hale (8th Cir. 1992)
Duh... Didn't already go over that the milita is able bodied males over the age of 17 and women in the national guard? There was no national guard until 1903 so who the hell where they talking about. And again as of yet you FAILED to explain how the People in the second amendment differ from the People in the other amendments. So again you are proving your oppositions point instead of bending the truth to fit your socialist globalists ideals....A strawman argument. I never claimed that the people in the second amendment differs from the people in other amendments. What's your point?
First of all, I wanted to say that this has been, in general, a very good thread. I just finished reading all the posts, and I think that both sides have made very good points, in particular about what the second amendment protects.  My first question is about the militia. Staying away from the orginized v. unorginized question for a moment, it seems that there are some that do accept that the 'militia' part of the amendment is important, but we are (mostly) all part of a militia stemming from US Code Title 10:  The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.  Thus, you right to own a gun stems from the fact that by definition almost everyone has the right to own a gun. However, would this imply that your if you are not in the National Guard, you can only own a gun if you are male?  This may be silly, but it is an honest question.  PS - if you don't believe that the 'militia' part of the 2nd amendment is important, you don't have to reply to this. That would be another argument.  THanks for your thoughts.  -Dan
I don't think that one would argue that it is not extremely important to examine what the Supreme Court has said on the 2nd Amendment, as I believe they have the final say as to what is constitutional.  There seem to still be people in this thread that feel that there should be no restictions on firearms, but do that all weapons are protected by the 2nd amendment? The often quoted US v. Miller makes pretty clear, it seems to me, that certain weapons are not protected by the 2nd amendment. So, you do not have a 'right' to own any gun as provided by the Bill of Rights. Does anyone argue with this? I am not saying that the gun in question is not 'legal' under certain circumstances, just that it is not proected ny the Bill of Rights.  ps - if anyone hasn't read the Miller case, they are all over this thread, but if you can't find one, let me know and I will provide a link.  Thanks for your thoughts.
 The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.  I meant this to be a question about the definition of a militia (there seemed to be a lot of people, particularly at the beginning of the thread who emphasised the US Code difintion of militia. - Kevin90701 comes to mind). They stated that there right to bear arms was protected because they were members of a militia. Like I said, I meant that to be a different question, but since you brought it up, I am curious as to why you think that they included a qualifer, as some may call it, in a document that that in known for not including superulous language.  Thanks for your thouhts.  PS - I am still curious to my original question about the females not being able to own guns, so please post if anyone has answer.
That is what is wrong with the militia argument from the anti gun or gun control advocates.     Oh, and JustAnotherGuy, what did you mean by this? Just that the 'milita' part isn't important?  Thanks again for your reply.
All the militia part states is the militias can be regulated. You are referring to the 2nd ammendment, right? By the way, sorry if a put a post in there that was confusing...I confused myself :)  I accidently combined two of my questions...I will edit my posts to clarify... :)
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   On this I believe you are correct. The right rests with the people. It does not rest with the militia. However, in context of the need for and perpetuation of a militia, there is nothing that stops congress from enacting limiting laws on the second ammendment provided it is in keeping with the intent.
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   Well, I do think that is debatable, I am suprised that you see it so clearly. The logical first question is why do you think that they have that first part in there. The Bill of Rights is famously short on superfulous language, and only has a clause on one other ammendment, I believe. It must at least strike you as odd, that if you are correct, the amenenment did not simply say "the right to bear and ..." and not did not include the militia part.
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   Now defend your claim about intent! That means produce your documentation for what you are claiming!  You post one word of my statements and take it out of context which explained clearly what I meant. In addition you can see in US v. Miller (post #148), that the supreme court held that limitations were allowable given the context of a militia.   I have provided my documentation. You keep reiterating the same thing over and over again and provide no counter analysis or other court cases to support your interpretation.   emoticon_xhoho
Read the case. The Court stated that sawed off shotguns were not used by the military as the criminal claimed. Plus you have failed to answer the question asked you, if the court decision defended your claim then why can people still purchase sawed off shotguns today.  I'll take the liberty of answering this one. It was not a case about what kind of shotguns the military used. It was a case about what kinds of guns are protected by the 2nd amendment. The reason that the issue of what kind of guns the military uses is exactly because the Supreme Court decided that the militia part of the 2nd amendment is important.  The opininon delivered by Justice McReynolds states:  In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument.  Thus, weapons are only protected by the 2nd amendment if if they have "some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia."  True, they did not say that these weapons were illegal. What it said is that they are not protected by the constitution. The Supreme Court does not make laws, it interprets the constitution. So, in effect, what they were saying is that a ban on sawed off shotguns would not be unconstitutional as it would not violate the 2nd amendment.
Read the case. The Court stated that sawed off shotguns were not used by the military as the criminal claimed. Plus you have failed to answer the question asked you, if the court decision defended your claim then why can people still purchase sawed off shotguns today.  As I said previously when I answered this question. The issue in the court's statement is not about being able to own shotguns or not. The issue is that the court said that limits were okay given the context of a militia. Last time I will say this. I will not continue. As soon as I can figure out how to unsubsubscribe to this thread I will. You just keep saying the same thing with no analysis and no evidence. So, you win, I still think you are drastically wrong, given my evidence and analysis.   You push me to answer a question that has been asked and answered. You deny facts and logic, you provide no logical basis for your argument. I have never said the words banned or that people cannot own guns. I still maintain the second ammendment allows for reasonable limits in the context of what is necessary to maintain and effective militia. The supreme court agrees with me. Who agrees with you?
The court does not defend your claims about sawed off shotguns. If what you claim about the 2nd amend is true then why can a person still purchase sawed off shotguns?  Sawed off shotguns are not banned, the criminal in the Miller case failed to do the proper paperwork to have the sawed off shotgun.  All one has to do to see just what firearms are legal is check out the ATF web site or do a search of NFA dealers or Class 3 dealers.  The Supreme Court did NOT say that these weapons were illegal if you had the proper paperwork. What it said is that they are not protected by the constitution, and thus not everyone has as a birthright the right to own one because of the 2nd amendment So the guns COULD be made illegal by congress.  Jack Miller and Frank Layton tried to transport across state lines a firearm that was required by the National Firearms Act to be registered because of its short barrel length. He was thus charged by to be in violation of the NFA. Mr. Miller claimed that this indictment was unconstitutional because it violated the 2nd amendment. ( he felt congress had no authority to say that his firearms need to be registered.) The Supreme Court, however, did not agree. It said that the NFA was constitutional (because of the whole milita thing) , thus congress did have a right to regualte certain types of firearms. they did not say that the gun was unconstitutional. They said that regulating the gun WAS constitutional, so if congress wanted, in theory, they could make the gun illgegal.  I will try to use an example. Let's say that the Constitution said that all people have the right to have pistols. That does not mean that rifles would be illegal. However, if congress passed a law that said rifles were illegal, that could not be overturned by the Supreme Court. However, congress could not pass a law saying that all pistols were illegal. (well, they could, but if challenged, it the law would be found unconstitutional, and would have to be eliminated.)  So, in my above example, though rifles may not be legal depending on laws that congress passes, they would not be protected by the constitution (just like the sawed off shotgun in the miller case)  I hope that clears up the point that I am trying to make Please let me know if I am still unlcear on what I am trying to say.
The Miller case does not support what the anti gun/gun control advocate are claiming. If it did a person would not be able to purchase a sawed off shotgun.   The fact is the proper paperwork for NFA firearms is no more then the background check required by the Brady bill. The only exception would be the CLEO signature (Chief Law Enforcement Officer) requirement of the NFA.   So what the anti gun/gun control advocates are claiming about the Miller case is untrue.   Are you saying what I am saying is untrue? What the Miller case said is that you cannot claim that having to fill out paperwork for NFA firearms violates your second amendment rights. I am not sure what it is you think is unture.
The right to bear arms was indeed pre-existing...  A "pre-existing" right, eh? Did the founding fathers write that in invisible ink in the Constitution, or is that another NRA mantra?
The right to bear arms was indeed pre-existing. You can not preserve something that was not there to begin with.  The 1st protects speech and assembly. Those rights were pre-existing too. Just like the 2nd it preserves and guarantees those rights.  Judicial opinion is of pre-existing rights for the 1st and 2nd Amendment in U S v. CRUIKSHANK.  http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=92&invol=542  Sorry I have not been able to scour this case. This case is accepted by scholars as helping to establish the pre-existing right, but that really doesn't not matter. What matters is WE have the right to bear arms and that is not debateable, regardless of pre-existing or not. It's also the case that is used to show that the second amendment restricts only what the national government can do. State and local governments are free to restrict the right to bear arms. Quoting from the link you posted above:  "The second and tenth counts are equally defective. The right there specified is that of 'bearing arms for a lawful purpose.' This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government, leaving the people to look for their protection against any violation by their fellow-citizens of the rights it recognizes, to what is called, in The City of New York v. Miln, 11 Pet. 139, the 'powers which relate to merely municipal legislation, or what was, perhaps, more properly called internal police,' 'not surrendered or restrained' by the Constituton of the United States."
First of all, thanks for brining up US v. Cruikshank, whoever did. (I think that it was Kelvin, but JAG, I believe, has mentioned some of its implications before. I am glad that it is brought up, because it does seem somewhat odd, in that I have never really heard the pre existing rights argumet often used, and in the implications that it seems to have.  I do agree that that it states (US v. Cruikshank) that the Constitution does not grant the right to bear arms, that the right to bear arms was "pre-existing," and all that the Contstitution states is that the federal government cannot take that right away. It compares the 2nd amemdment to the right to assmeble, etc, as a right that derives is its source "from those laws whose authority is acknowledged by civilized man throughout the world".  I am, however, suprised that gun rights advocates use this case to defend the right to own guns, because the case seems to imply the opposite, as stated by Tim.  The opinion seems to indicate that although congress has no power to regulate guns, the states do...  When discussing the 1st amendment, which is decided also has the status of a pre existing right, the opinion states:    The particular amendment now under consideration assumes the existence of the right of the people to assemble for lawful purposes, and protects it against encroachment by Congress. The right was not created by the amendment; neither was its continuance guaranteed, except as against congressional interference. For their protection in its enjoyment, therefore, the people must look to the States.  Then when moving on to the 2nd amendment, the opinion states:  The second and tenth counts are equally defective. The right there specified is that of 'bearing arms for a lawful purpose.' This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress.  I guess that I must be misinterpreting something, because to me, it seems pretty clear, that the opinion is stating that the 2nd amendment only limits the federal government from regulating firearms, not that states. If this were ture, though, why do pro gun advocates site it? Please, of someone can help clarify, it would be appreciated. Any links to interpretations, implications, etc, of this case would be greatly appreciated.  In quick response to JOG's question,  If states can restrict rights then why can't states pass racist and sexist laws?  ...although, of course, there has been much difference of opinion on this over the last 100 years or so, the 14th amendment EXPLICITLY says that STATES cannot deprive any one of life, libterty, etc...  ..I am not an expert by any means on Jim Crow Laws, etc, so if I am wrong about any of that, please correct me. (I know of course I am simplifying the history of the Jim Crow Laws.)  Thanks, and look forward to your thoughts.
No answer?   No answer to what? I dont' understand...   The anti gun/gun control advocates claim the states can limit one right.   I can' t vouch for what other people say, but I am not really trying to say anything...I am asking for opinion on what, for example, US v. Cruikshank means. I stated that it seems to imply that the Supreme Court in this case seems to feel that states do have a right to regualate firearms. If you do not feel this is true, please give me your interpretation of the case.    The anti gun/gun control advocates bring up court cases that do not defend their claims ...  If I have not defended my point, please show me examples. I have simply quoted sections of the opinions of a court case, then stated what they seem to mean to me. If you disagree, please take the court opinions, and tell me what you think that they mean...     The question was if states can limit one right, then why cannot the state's limit other rights? .  I thought that I did try to give an answer for this...I said the the 14th amendment seems to be specifically directed at states...just in case people are unfamiliar with the 14th amendment, it states (in part) ...  Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.  I know that you seem to disagree with me JAG, so please, tell me specifically what you disagree with....as I have said, I could be wrong in my interpretation, but if so, please point out those errors, instead of simply saying that what I say supports the KKK...  Thanks in advance for your thoughts...
 The question was if states can limit one right, then why cannot the state's limit other rights?  Because that's what the Supreme Court has ruled. "By its express terms, the Bill of Rights applies only to the federal government. However, the 1st Amendment and most of the remaining amendments in the Bill of Rights apply to state governments today because of the judicially created 'Incorporation Doctrine'.   Beginning in 1925, the justices gradually incorporated the provisions of the Bill of Rights into the 14th Amendment's 'due process' clause by declaring that each of the rights was 'fundamental' to the conception of due process of law."   But not all the amendments in the Bill of Rights have been applied to the states through the 14th amendment's due process clause.  "The 'total' or 'full' incorporation theory has never commanded a majority of the Court. Although Justice Black maintained that one of the chief objects of the 14th Amendment was to make the Bill of Rights applicable to the states, the historical record is ambiguous and the court has opted for 'selective' incorporation. At this point, the only provisions of the first eight amendments that have not been incorporated are the 2nd and 3rd Amendments, the 5th Amendment's requirement of grand jury indictment, and the 7th Amendment."  So states can limit rights protected by the 2nd, 3rd, 7th amendments and the 5th amendment's right to a grand jury indictment. States cannot limit your 1st amendment rights, but a state can have you stand trial for a crime even if you have not been indicted by a grand jury. Does it seem inconsistent? Well, it's the law and what the courts have decided.
Because that's what the Supreme Court has ruled. ... "The 'total' or 'full' incorporation theory has never commanded a majority of the Court. ...    Thanks for the post Tim. Do you have any links off hand relating to to this? I mean, the total incorporation theory, etc. I still don't feel that I quite understand the court's conclusions on state's rights, etc...  Thanks in advance.
Lets include the whole of the relevant text from the Cruikshank  ... Does it seem to anybody else that we seem to go around and around in this thread????  Thanks for your interpretation of the case. I was really just curious, because I wanted to know what the pro-gun side of this case was. I will have to read through it a few more times, to see if I can agree with your interpretation. Do you (or anyone else) know if this case has been cited by the Supreme Court? I would like to know how a differnt Supreme Court interpretted what was said becuase there does seem to be some ambiguity. THank in advance if anyone has a link.  Oh, and sorry, if this is going around and around. I am new to this forum, and I don't know what has been discussed.
Lets include the whole of the relevant text from the Cruikshank   //quote// The particular amendment now under consideration assumes the existence of the right of the people to assemble for lawful purposes, and protects it against encroachment by Congress. The right was not created by the amendment; neither was its continuance guaranteed, except as against congressional interference. For their protection in its enjoyment, therefore, the people must look to the States. The power for that purpose was originally placed there, and it has never been surrendered to the United States.  //end quote//  This section is only about the second insofar as the ruling determines both the first and second amendment are pre-existing rights. You will note the last sentence which says "The government of the United States when established found it in existence, with the obligation on the part of the States to afford it protection... ". Not giving the states the power to limit the right, nust the responsibility for protecting it.  //quote// The second and tenth counts are equally defective. The right there specified is that of 'bearing arms for a lawful purpose.' This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no more than that it shall not be infringed by Congress. This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government, leaving the people to look for their protection against any violation by their fellow-citizens of the rights it recognizes, to what is called, in The City of New York v. Miln, 11 Pet. 139, the 'powers which relate to merely municipal legislation, or what was, perhaps, more properly called internal police,' 'not surrendered or restrained' by the Constituton of the United States.  //end qoute//  Again, it states that the bill of rights is just a limitation on the federal government and that individuals could not sue each other in federal court regarding violation of civil rights. It was up to the states to protect the fundamental rights of its citizens when their rights were abridged by other citizens. Again, giving the states the responsibility of defending the right, but not giving them the option of limiting it.  The next couple of passages explain this further:  //qoute// The third and eleventh counts are even more objectionable. They charge the intent to have been to deprive the citizens named, they being in Louisiana, 'of their respective several lives and liberty of person without due process of law.' This is nothing else than alleging a conspiracy to falsely imprison or murder citizens of the United States, being within the territorial jurisdiction of the State of Louisiana. The rights of life and personal liberty are natural rights of man. 'To secure these rights,' says the Declaration of Independence, 'governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.' The very highest duty of the States, when they entered into the Union under the Constitution, was to protect all persons within their boundaries in the enjoyment of these 'unalienable rights with which they were endowed by their Creator.' Sovereignty, for this purpose, rests alone with the States. It is no more the duty or within the power of the United States to punish for a conspiracy [92 U.S. 542, 554] to falsely imprison or murder within a State, than it would be to punish for false imprisonment or murder itself.   The fourteenth amendment prohibits a State from depriving any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; but this adds nothing to the rights of one citizen as against another. It simply furnishes an additional guaranty against any encroachment by the States upon the fundamental rights which belong to every citizen as a member of society. As was said by Mr. Justice Johnson, in Bank of Columbia v. Okely, 4 Wheat. 244, it secures 'the individual from the arbitrary exercise of the powers of government, unrestrained by the established principles of private rights and distributive justice.' These counts in the indictment do not call for the exercise of any of the powers conferred by this provision in the amendment //end quote//  By editing the second section cited, and disregarding the entire rest of the ruling which explains the concept further (full text can be found at http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=92&invol=542), you could, indeed, conclude that this ruling finds that the states have the power to limit your second amendment rights. If you include the entire text of the ruling, it becomes clear that this is not the case but rather it holds the states responsible for protecting your second amendment rights.    Does it seem to anybody else that we seem to go around and around in this thread???? Did you examine the entire text of the ruling?   The court stated that "We have in our political system a government of the United States and a government of each of the several States. Each one of these governments is distinct from the others, and each has citizens of its own who owe it allegiance, and whose rights, within its jurisdiction, it must protect. The same person may be at the same time a citizen of the United States and a citizen of a State, but his rights of citizenship under one of these governments will be different from those he has under the other."  Notice the last sentence. So if the federal government is in charge of safeguarding the right to bear arms then it would seem that the states would not have the same responsibility since "rights of citizenship under one of these governments will be different from those he has under the other."
Nice try.   http://www.michaelmoore.com/words/wackoattacko/  I can guarantee to you, without equivocation, that every fact in my movie is true. Three teams of fact-checkers and two groups of lawyers went through it with a fine tooth comb to make sure that every statement of fact is indeed an indisputable fact. Trust me, no film company would ever release a film like this without putting it through the most vigorous vetting process possible. (...)  Well, guess what. Total number of lawsuits to date against me or my film by the NRA? NONE. That's right, zero. And don't forget for a second that if they could have shut this film down on a technicality they would have. But they didn't and they can't - because the film is factually solid and above reproach. In fact, we have not been sued by any individual or group over the statements made in "Bowling for Columbine?" Why is that? Because everything we say is true - and the things that are our opinion, we say so and leave it up to the viewer to decide if our point of view is correct or not for each of them.   So, faced with a thoroughly truthful and honest film, those who object to the film's political points are left with the choice of debating us on the issues in the film - or resorting to character assassination. They have chosen the latter. What a sad place to be. 
Touche!  Thanks for restoring my faith in "Bowling for..."  As a non-American I was unaware of all the controversy surrounding the film. I thought the film, as presented was thought-provoking. (obviouslt emotive as well).  Thank you for a positive perspective.
If I can show you just 1 untrue item in Columbine. Will you change your mind?   You've had ample time to up till now.
What are you talking about ample time? I starting following this tread last afternoon? What is your point?   1) Did the NRA and KKK ever burn a cross together? 2) Does Lockheed Martin in Colorado build nukes, missiles, and bombs? 3) Did Chuck Heston ever say "From my cold dead hands in Denver"? 4) How many edits does it take to make a point? If it is a documentry then why minipulate a speech?    1) That is a cartoon? Do you believe in cartoons? My nephew believes that things he sees in Bugs Bunny is real. Do you? Moore manufactured a monster from the NRA.  You were manipulated.  You answered the first one already... it is a 'cartoon'. It showed that just as one was out-lawed, the other was born. You decide what to believe from this.  By the way...  "Lockheed Martin is a global leader in the design, development and production of missiles and missile defense solutions for the United States and its allies around the world. The goal: Defend against attacks by ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and other airborne threats." http://www.lockheedmartin.com/wms/findPage.do?dsp=fec&ci=12975&rsbci=0&fti=0&ti=0&sc=400
Regardless of whether a lawsuit was filed or not...if the events portrayed in the film are wrong then they are wrong.. period. They aren't.. period.  Carefull editing of speechs made by Charleton Heston (on different dates) to get Moore's point across seem like "fabrication" to me....in essence....lies. I guess you never watch the news. Or any other documentaries.  Therefore the whole movie is a lie. ... and there goes the baby with the bathwater...  4) Why did his "documentry" have to edit speeches together? Documentries have a higher level of honesty and unmaniplulated foothage. Show me a documentary film that doesn't edit for clarity or to make a point. That is the purpose of documentary film. If you have been watching documentaries your whole life thinking you weren't being "manipulated", wake up. Film is manipulative, books are manipulative, people are manipulative. There is not such thing as objectivity. The question is: whose point of view do you want to believe?  That isn't the same thing as outright fabrication. But Moore didn't photoshop Heston's face onto someone else's body, he didn't change Heston's words. Heston dug himself into his own hole. 2) Lockheed Martin builds optical spy and commerical satellites. Why the nukes, bombs, and missiles in the movie? They were rockets. Rockets that carry.... satellites. Don't you feel silly?   From the same website I linked to above, because some people refuse to go read things themselves-  The Truth: Lockheed Martin is the largest weapons-maker in the world <suntimes_20030617.php<. The Littleton facility has been manufacturing missiles, missile components, and other weapons systems for almost half a century. In the 50s, workers at the Littleton facility constructed the first Titan intercontinental ballistic missile, designed to unleash a nuclear warhead on the Soviet Union; in the mid-80s, they were partially assembling MX missiles, instruments for the minuteman ICBM, a space laser weapon called Zenith Star, and a Star Wars program known as Brilliant Pebbles <lockheed.php<.   In the full, unedited interview I did with the Lockheed spokesman, he told me that Lockheed started building nuclear missiles in Littleton and "played a role in the development of Peacekeeper MX Missiles." <movie.php?mov=lockheed-03<  As for what's currently manufactured in Littleton, McCollum told me, "They (the rockets sitting behind him) carry mainly very large national security satellites, some we can't talk about." (see him say it here <movie.php?mov=lockheed-01<)   Since that interview, the Titan IV rockets manufactured in Littleton have been critical to the war effort in both Afghanistan and Iraq. These rockets launched advanced satellites that were "instrumental in providing command-and-control operations over Iraq...for the rapid targeting of Navy Tomahawk cruise missiles involved in Iraqi strikes and clandestine communications with Special Operations Forces." (view source here <aviationweek.php<).   That Lockheed lets the occasional weather or TV satellite hitch a ride on one of its rockets should not distract anyone from Lockheed's main mission and moneymaker in Littleton: to make instruments that help kill people. That two of Littleton's children decided to engineer their own mass killing is what these guys and the Internet crazies don't want to discuss.  1) That is a cartoon? Do you believe in cartoons? My nephew believes that things he sees in Bugs Bunny is real. Well then Moore should have considered your nephew before making this movie! emoticon_rolleyes And you shouldn't let him watch Bugs Bunny, either, until he understands that cartoons aren't real- Bugs Bunny cartoons are awfully violent.   Do you believe everything you see in cartoons are real? Do you believe that the intended audience for this film was little kids? If so, better take a reality check...  3) Chuck Heston never said, "From my cold dead hands in Denver". (sic)   The Truth: Heston took his NRA show to Denver and did and said exactly what we recounted <movie.php?mov=heston<. From the end of my narration setting up Heston's speech in Denver, with my words, "a big pro-gun rally," every word out of Charlton Heston's mouth was uttered right there in Denver, just 10 days after the Columbine tragedy. But don't take my word - read the transcript of his whole speech <heston.php<. Heston devotes the entire speech to challenging the Denver mayor and mocking the mayor's pleas that the NRA "don't come here." Far from deliberately editing the film to make Heston look worse, I chose to leave most of this out and not make Heston look as evil as he actually was.   Why are these gun nuts upset that their brave NRA leader's words are in my film? You'd think they would be proud of the things he said. Except, when intercut with the words of a grieving father (whose son died at Columbine and happened to be speaking in a protest that same weekend Heston was at the convention center), suddenly Charlton Heston doesn't look so good does he? Especially to the people of Denver (and, the following year, to the people of Flint) who were still in shock over the tragedies when Heston showed up.   As for the clip preceding the Denver speech, when Heston proclaims "from my cold dead hands," this appears as Heston is being introduced in narration.  It is Heston's most well-recognized NRA image - hoisting the rifle overhead as he makes his proclamation, as he has done at virtually every political appearance on behalf of the NRA (before and since Columbine). I have merely re-broadcast an image supplied to us by a Denver TV station, an image which the NRA has itself crafted for the media, or, as one article put it, "the mantra of dedicated gun owners" which they "wear on T-shirts, stamp it on the outside of envelopes, e-mail it on the Internet and sometimes shout it over the phone." <latimes.php<. Are they now embarrassed by this sick, repulsive image and the words that accompany it?    about documentaries- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Documentary  some definitions of "documentary" from a filmmaker's perspective- from http://www.realityfilm.com/study/definitions.html  Documentary Definitions   The word "documentary" poses many challenges in providing an quick definition. Here are some definitions from various reference guides and textbooks:   "Documentary is the creative treatment of actuality." -- John Grierson, Cinema Quarterly 2.1, 8.   "Documentary defines not subject or style, but approach. ... Documentary approach to cinema differs from that of story-film not in its disregard for craftsmanship, but in the purpose to which that craftsmanship is put." --Paul Rotha, Cinema Quarterly, 2.2, 78.   "A non-fiction text using 'actuality' footage, which may include the live recording of events and relevant research materials (i.e. interviews, statistics, etc.). This kind of text is uually informed by a particular point of view, and seeks to address a particular social issue which is related to and potentially affects the audience." --Paul Wells, "The Documentary Form: Personal and Social 'Realities,'" An Introduction to Film Studies, 2nd ed., ed. Jill Nelmes, 212.   "[A]ny film practice that has as its subject persons, events, or situations that exist outside the film in the real world." --Steve Blandford, Barry Keith Grant, and Jim Hillier, The Film Studies Dictionary, 73.   "A nonfiction film. Documentaries are usually shot on location, use actual persons rather than actors, and focus thematically on historical, scientific, social, or environmental subjects. Their principle purpose is to enlighten, inform, educate, persuade, and provide insight into the world in which we live." --Frank Beaver, Dictionary of Film Terms, 119.   "A nonfiction film about real events and people, often avoiding traditional narrative structures." --Timothy Corrigan, A Short Guide to Writing About Film, 4th ed., 206.   "Film of actual events; the events are documented with the real people involved, not with actors." --Ralph S. Singleton and James A. Conrad, Filmmaker's Dictionary, 2nd ed., 94.   "A documentary film purports to present factual information about the world outside the film." --David Bordwell and Kristin Thompson, Film Art: An Introduction, 5th ed., 42.   "A film or video presentation of actual events using the real people involved and not actors." --John W. Cones, Film Finance and Distribution, 154.   "A film that deals directly with fact and not fiction, that tries to convey reality as it is instead of some fictional version of reality. These films are concerned with actual people, places, events, or activities." "A type of film marked by its interpretative handling of realistic subjects and backgrounds. Sometimes the term is applied widely to include films that appear more realistic than conventional commercial pictures; at other times, so narrowly that only films with a narration track and a background of real life are so categorized." --Edmund F. Penney, Facts on File Film and Broadcast Terms, 73.   "A term with a wide latitude of meaning, basically used to refer to any film or program not wholly fictional in nature." --James Monaco, The Dictionary of New Media, 94.   Note that none of these definitions say "unedited". That is because at least half of documentary film-making is the editing process.
Not if the point is clearly deceptive.  Show me how it is 'clearly' deceptive.
By definition, documentaries are allowed it edit. The subject must be fact. Cartoons are allowed. The NRA and KKK never burned a cross together. It is not a documentary. Chuck Heston never said, "From my cold dead hands in Denver". the nra and kkk cross burning was a demonstration that the two are the "same thing." i know my grandfather was in both simultaneously. i'm not proud of this, but i sometimes see both as equals.  "from my cold dead hands." let's say he didn't. take this out and he still seems evil. look at the fool he was made of during the one on one interview.  even without those two "falsities," it would still be a great and effective documentary.
Please explain? Both equals? That is unclear. nra is a haven for racists.  (this is just how i see it)
Is that an emotional response?  Does the NRA policy such as concealed weapon carry favor a particular race?  Does the NRA child education and saftey favor a particular race?  Does the NRA violate civil rights based on skin color?  Does the NRA plan in secret or openly to deny civil rights to anyone based on skin color?  Can you provide me with examples that I may have missed. I do not understand how you came about your conclusion.  Can you help me? Please provide me with examples of racial policy or deliberate attempts to hold back anyone economically or deny civil rights based on skin color. Or how about injustice carried out by the NRA based on skin color? i'm not discriminating against the nra in general, this is how it is perceived in my eyes. same as republicans. i believe it may be that because a lot of racists are republican nra members, i don't know. but this is how it is viewed and seen in the south (i am from memphis; whites are the minority here too).  i know i am being prejudice, i'm merely stating it how it's seen. not that it is. but you know, even charlston heston, the speaker for the nra, said that the problem in america was ethnic diversity.  *** "In 1871, Congress passed the Anti-Ku Klux Act which launched a massive investigation into the affairs of the late insurrectory states." http://www.kkklan.com/briefhist.htm  "Union veterans Col. William C. Church and Gen. George Wingate formed the National Rifle Association in 1871." http://www.nrahq.org/history.asp ***  kind of funny, huh?  (i am not suggesting that all nra members are racist)
When you see frightened children in Littleton Colorado outside Columbine High School. The subject is Chuck Heston and the NRA in Denver. It is cearly deceptive when the sound bite that Moore uses is : "From my cold dead hands". Which was NEVER said in Denver.   Why is that 'deceptive'? Chuck Heston said it, it is the sentiment of the NRA.  Was there an NRA meeting in or around Columbine near the time of the shooting?
By definition, documentaries are allowed it edit. The subject must be fact. Cartoons are allowed. The NRA and KKK never burned a cross together. It is not a documentary. Chuck Heston never said, "From my cold dead hands in Denver".  1. An eligible documentary film is defined as a theatrically released non-fiction motion picture dealing creatively with cultural, artistic, historical, social, scientific, economic or other subjects. It may be photographed in actual occurrence, or may employ partial re-enactment, stock footage, stills, animation, stop-motion or other techniques, as long as the emphasis is on fact and not on fiction.  http://www.oscars.org/76academyawards/rules/rule12.html  Interesting. You are using as a rule to define a doco, the statement of the Academy; the same one that awarded the oscar to this particular doco!  Funny that. It shows some Americans can't grasp irony.  You accept the rule. You accept the people who make the rule. But you don't accept the people who made the rule awarding doco status to this film.
i'm not discriminating against the nra in general, this is how it is perceived in my eyes. same as republicans. i believe it may be that because a lot of racists are republican nra members, i don't know. but this is how it is viewed and seen in the south (i am from memphis; whites are the minority here too).  i know i am being prejudice, i'm merely stating it how it's seen. not that it is. but you know, even charlston heston, the speaker for the nra, said that the problem in america was ethnic diversity.  *** "In 1871, Congress passed the Anti-Ku Klux Act which launched a massive investigation into the affairs of the late insurrectory states." http://www.kkklan.com/briefhist.htm  "Union veterans Col. William C. Church and Gen. George Wingate formed the National Rifle Association in 1871." http://www.nrahq.org/history.asp ***  kind of funny, huh?  (i am not suggesting that all nra members are racist)  Further, Chuck Heston was asked in the doco about why America had such gun/violence probs. He leaned towards the 'racial mix' issue.
How about his editing job of a speech in Denver? When Heston is wearing a dark jacket in one cut and a light jacket in another cut.  Clearly you didn't read my entire post. Moore introduced Heston with a clip of him saying (as he often does) a favorite expression of the organization- "From my cold dead hand", raising a gun in the air. Then the speech begins.   Documentaries do not push and agenda.  2. A film that is primarily a promotional film, a purely technical instructional film or an essentially unfiltered record of a performance will not be considered eligible for consideration for the Documentary awards.  The movie clearly is promoting an agenda which according the Academy, it strictly FORBIDEN as a documentary. The Academy broke thier own rules.  Not only does your spelling suck, but your point sucks more. They didn't say you couldn't promote an agenda- after all, "Birth of a Nation" is clearly propaganda, but it's still a documentary. They bar "promotional films", ie advertisement.    It may be photographed in actual occurrence, or may employ partial re-enactment, stock footage, stills, animation, stop-motion or other techniques, as long as the emphasis is on fact and not on fiction.  Your own definition fits "Bowling" perfectly. You disagree with Moore, but that doesn't make his film any less of a documentary.
The KKK and the NRA? I decide that it is false and the message is propaganda. It is an emotional argument just like all good propaganda.  That is a good website. Do we agree that the Lockheeds products are:  Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMDS)  Digital Scene-Matching Area Correlator  Hellfire II  High Mobility Artillery Rocket System  Laser Infrared Countermeasures Fly-Out Experiment  Longbow Fire Control Radar and Missile  Low-Cost Autonomous Attack System  Medium Extended Air Defense System  MK 41 Vertical Launching System  Mobile Electronic Warfare Support System Product Improvement Program  Multiple Launch Rocket System M270  Multiple Launch Rocket System M270A1  PAC-3  Patriot  Python 4  Royal Navy Tomahawk Integration  Single Cell Launcher  Tactical Tomahawk Weapon Control System  Theater High Altitude Area Defense  Vertical Launch Anti-submarine Rocket    Which one of those were in his movie? I remember nukes? None of those are nukes. Lockheeds current missile that flys any kind of ICBM flight path is trying to KILL and DEFEND against nukes. I remember a very menacing message in his movie. Do you? I am sure that Americans do not find defending thier major cities against nukes as menacing as Moore's message.  I believe that in the documentary there was a spokesperson standing in front of one as he spoke to M Moore.  You mention ICBM - Intercontinental Balistic Missile - a name usually ascribed to nukes. Which is it? A nuke, or some kind of missile that intercepts missiles before they even are launched? :)   PS Yes it is a good site, I found the info that I showed by typing in 'nuclear' into their own search field.
exposed!    I knew the movie was a joke but look at all the intentional lies in it!  tarawa12! Oh tarawa12, how I find this opinion distessing. Another morally and ethically blind infedel. emoticon_wow  Open your eyes and ears the next time you watch it, you might learn something from it, or do you just have "selective judgement"? emoticon_angry
Sorry but the errors in that movie are glaring. Do a little research and see how several speeches were twisted to make it the way Moore wanted instead of what was actually said.  OOOPs the quotes have been edited! That's terrible! There I was thinking that loads of schoolkids being shot dead time and time again was the problem! But now that I have found out the quotes are wrong!!!!!!  Tell me. Which do you think hurt those kids at Columbine, being shot or these that you think are edited-quotations?  Ah but it's alright for kids to die aslong as there is agood payload for the pentagon? emoticon_confused   You live in an imaginary world where it is more important to conspire than to protect your children!
Think? Umm.... those were edited.. go back and check.   Protecting my children???  If the shooters parents had been concerned about protecting "their" children....then maybe THEY wouldn't have went on a shooting spree.  This movie isn't focused on missle payloads. This post was started to show the many fabrications of truth that were portrayed as fact in the movie.  If guns were not so readily available in America there would be far less shootings. Countries like UK and Germany do not have so many shootings. Why? Because guns are illegal It's rather obvious! Well to most people with a few exceptions.
So how will you make guns less available?  I cannot personally. I am not a control of America. It is up to the American government to reduce the availability of weapons to the public.  Prohibit the sale of weapons and ammunition except only hunting rifles from Government approved stores and with much higher prices, strictor licencing, higher taxes on weapons, etc.
Won't work.  Those who want guns will get them.  Those that have them will keep them.  It's not the guns that are the problem.  Do pencils cause misspelled words? Do cars cause speeding tickets?  It's the knucklehead who goes out and does it..not the inanimate object. but guns are meant to kill; nothing more.
you're right, because that's why guns were invented - to shoot at targets.
We weren't talking about why guns were invented, gilligan.  The same thing could be said about knives or blunt objects like hammers. sure, but knife and hammer use isn't a 2nd amendment "right."
Tell that to the Olympic competitors....  Tell that to all of the High Power competitors  It is a tool that does exactly what it was meant to do. It is not defective.  Actually when guns were invented there was no Olympics. So, guns were designed to kill. Or do you belive that they built guns desgined them and said "Okay, the olympics are not invented yet, let's see what else we can use them for" ?  That they are now used in non-lethal acts (although all they are doing is hitting a different target) does not disprove this fact.
Dia Dhuit a montalban!! Is Eireannach tu, an ea? Mise freisin! Ta me i mo chonai sa Rinn i gContae Port Lairge.  Ta se an deachar chun oscail na suile de na daoine seo. Ta siad an deacair!
Here is the reply to Moore's comments on his website: http://www.hardylaw.net/replytomoore.html   Regardless of whether a lawsuit was filed or not...if the events portrayed in the film are wrong then they are wrong.. period.  Carefull editing of speechs made by Charleton Heston (on different dates) to get Moore's point across seem like "fabrication" to me....in essence....lies.   Therefore the whole movie is a lie. some how i dont follow your logic...even IF some of charleton heston's speechs were edited to suit micheal more, that would not make the whole movie a lie
Hey planes were designed to fly and not kill. So then what?  Hey my target assault rifle is NOT designed to kill. It is manufactured to such tight tollerance that it is sensitive to dirt and ammo. It is designed to punch paper surgically at long range. As a battlefield weapon it would be a piece of junk.  Olympics were ancient Greek events. Firearms are Dark Age Europe inventions. So Yes, the Olympics were already around. Before you accuse me of not knowing history, maybe you need a few lessons yourself. the olympics were disbanded several hundred years before the dark ages. even if they were around, european persons had no outside contact with the world. thats why they were the dark ages
1) Poverty 2) Lack of education 3) Lack of economic achievement 4) Family break up 5) Violent media and social approval for violence 6) Etc.  but not guns.  The doco suggests that the USA has a 'culture of fear'.
Just before you guys start accusing me of stuff, I really don't care about gun control and stuff, I just put a big lock on my door and keep a butcher knife handy. So remeber I am neutrul so please don't go accusing me of like, being a closed-minded something or other!  From were I sit (canada) it seems the founding fathers didn't put the 2nd ammedment into your guys bill of rights cause the british were coming. It was proabably a big concern, but has anybody really thought about it. Back then, with enough infantry, even with the worst guns, you could win a war agiasnt the goverment. Now I was thinking, maybe this is like a contingency plan. Maybe the founding fathers knew that because all humans are corruptable, that the democratic system could be corruptable as well, and they said, "well, in the event the goverment should destroy our bill of rights and dismantle all the stuff we love so much, to keep the population from becoming like the people under a dictator, lets arm them so they can defend themselves in the event the safeguards we already are putting in place fail.  Could this be a possiblity or did the founding fathers think they were like a mouse who just stole a block of cheese and was waiting for the *snap*.   This is the greatest arguement I have heard for guns. But nowadays the population can be split up, the media subjegatted, certian people killed, and others baught off. And the tactics don't work anymore. The goverment would mop the floor with the population. So why do people keep using this to defend guns?   So tell me which side your own and why, I really want to see the opinions on this!  excuse by bad spelling please.
Whether of not it was about the Brits, it was about a militia, and fighting off a foreign invasion.   I don't think that what was in the mind of the Founding Father's is the basis for imaking a judgement about the 2nd Amendment, with respect to anything, as the world has changed so much that what was in their minds is no longer important, and what the state of the country was, is no longer true.  Whereas, at one time the U.S. could have been easily overthrown,  Whereas at one time, having a gun was required by a huge amount of the population to proide for food.   None of this is true any longer.  Therefore, nothing that the 2nd Amendment was about at that time, with respect to what was in the minds of the Founding Fathers, or even the exact wording of the 2nd Amendment is relevant today, for the reasons previously stated, and because it can no longer be said by anyone, that the private ownership of guns, keeps us free as a Nation.
O.k., lets go through your scenario. The government has been toppled and the standing army has been crushed. Somehow all Americas nuclear arms were obliterated. The invading force has successfully instituted a dictatorship and is now systematically destroying our personal freedoms.   Now suppose the year is 1799 and the population rises up. The five rounds with 200 million guns, works. The population overthroughs the invading army through sheer numbers, though the price is high in terms of casualties. America is once again free and the democratic system is once again put in place.  The year is 2004, the population is no longer fit and tough from working in the fields to get their own food. But each of the 400 million people has a gun, with lets say 30 rounds each. The population now has 12 billion rounds, and lets assume each round is an armour piercing bullet with long range capabilities, and lets also assume for the hell of it, that each gun is a machine gun with long-range single shot abilities and a scope (just for fun).   Same situation, same invading force. The population rises up, taking along with them the few remaining rockets and bombs from the few remaining weapons caches. Lets say 2 million hand-held anti-plane missiles, 4 million anti-tank missiles and for even more fun, lets say they have a genius military leader who has somehow the ability to maintain instant contact with any unit anywhere, and is the greatest tactical mind the planet has ever know.  To overthrough the standing American army the invading force must have had massive numbers of planes, tanks and naval units.   First off, 4 million anti-tank weapons is not much when put against 400 million people, so you have a lot of venerable areas. Where ever the militia units try to form, they are killed by tanks, even though many of the tanks with infantry backing are destroyed the army keeps going because to over through America who has the greatest tanks in the world, you would have to have like 10-1 ratio on the American armed divisions.   But, wait. Lets assume somehow the ground forces of well-organized troops and tanks is defeated by the population. Lets assume the invading army again somehow lost all its ground units, lets pretend the enemy forces had exactly 4 million tanks, and the ratio of shot-to-kill was perfect.   To defeat the American army of planes you would, again, have to have massive numbers (or technology superior planes). So the population tries shooting down the planes, but the planes would usually get away because modern planes can take out a ground-based target with out ever going closer the a couple miles.   But again, wait. Somehow, without losing so many troops as not to be able to defeat the massive mechanized occupying force, all planes are spotted (miles away) and shoot down by the UNTRAINED militia. The genius military leaders (who no body though to kill) work no doubt.   Yet still, the population is defeated because if I remember correctly, the militia doesn&#8217;t have naval units. So even if all the inland forces could be killed, the majority of costal forces would be protected by barrages from the enemy naval force (which is very large because it had to defeat the American navy, the greatest in the world technologically).  But lets assume, the population just swims to the invading ships, kills the crews, and uses the ships they stole to kill the other enemy ships. Thank god for that tactical genius at the helm of the American resistance.   I am actually guessing that invading force must be like 20 times bigger then America&#8217;s armies for one simple reason. The only way you could defeat the American ICBMs is to have a blitzkrieg (I know my spelling sucks) like attack. Most of the ICBM silos aren't connected to the internet, mainly because the government knows the silos would be venerable to internet attack, so any rebuttal involving the virus-like disabling of the nuclear stockpile is gone.  Now, you may be wondering what am I trying to say here. Well its simple, if somehow, just somehow, the entire military force of the U.S. was obliterated, it would take just one ICBM hit on the enemy's capital city to make attack impossible.   Again, the blitzkrieg like attack? Even if that worked the U.S., like Russia and a few other nuclear powers, keeps stockpiles of nuclear weapons hidden underground in the invent of being taken over, and the underground stockpiles usually have several rockets with enough range to blast the heck out of the closest invading army. So it would never happen that the U.S. would be left nuclear-naked.  But lets assume that happened (maybe during a really, REALLY cool party some idiot colonel peed on them, and they just fried). The genius military commander did somehow take out the entire invading force of air, ground and sea. You still have to deal with the fact that whoever invaded the U.S. probably spend several trillion doing it ( I know, that&#8217;s a pretty low number for the invasion of America), and in that case most likely have satellites and long-range missiles (again lets assume somehow America&#8217;s own just fell out of the sky and the invading force got even guys together to be able to take out all America&#8217;s nuclear silos including the underground stockpiles which each have own guard forces of soldiers training night and day for such an event).   The hugest, most glaring problem with the militia, unless every one the 400 million militia units somehow got a radio and a laptop, they would have to gather. And if they gathered in the numbers they would need to gather in, to order to defeat the large invading army, they would be taken out very easily by 1. ICBMs launched from enemy subs 2. Prominent meetings between our military genius and his supporters stopped by snipers with a 1.5 mile range and superb training and intelligence (remember those satellites) 3. all groups preparing for "battle" so to speak could be taken out as they are marching or driving or whatever by mortars, ambushes, rockets, infantry rushes, tank columns etc. before they knew what hit them.  4. It would take a lot of planning to get 400 million people to fight, and assuming everybody has a laptop with wireless capability, they would still need satellites for the military genius in California to command units in N.Y., N.Y., and....wait America&#8217;s satellites are gone and if the invading force could do that, it wouldn't be that hard to take out commercial internet satellites in geoscyhronize orbit (effectively sitting ducks). And any land based networks would be destroyed in the first few hours of insurrection.   -------------------------------------------------------------------------- But militia units only have guns, and they would get their butts whooped, even with massive numbers. What you are saying is only true about Napoleonic tactics, in today&#8217;s modern warfare almost completely infantry-based armies are obsolete and very venerable   No the afghan war is not a valid counterpoint, the terrain was different, the people are more hardened, the weapons were supplied by a military power superior to the Russians, the afghans had unlimited anti-tank reserves, had incredibly extensive cave networks in which to hide, plan and attack, only had to defeat, on the majority, other infantry battalions because of the terrain in which armoured vehicles could not cross, the Russians were under funded and their moral low, the soviets had already been beaten down by large amounts of smaller fights across the cracking Soviet Empire, china needed to be supplied with more troops as it started to look toward independence, Afghanistan is nowhere near water eliminated the possibility of naval back-up by the very crappy Russian naval forces, the afghans received help from the rest of the Arab world which would not happen with the U.S. because if an enemy can take out the U.S., it could probably take out the combined forces of Europe and North America, and, finally, the afgans didn't have nukes so they had to defend themselves with their own two hands, but america has nukes and if ever anything tryed to do what is in the above senario they would get blasted because unlike the russians in afganhistan, the americans would be defended their homeland.   Neither is the French revolution a good-counter point, as I have said, your tactics only work with Napoleonic-style battles and guess what kind of battle were happening when Napoleon the 3rd was in power? (in case you didn't learn it in school, Napoleon the 3rd, napoleon's nephew, was in power during the french revolution)   Trust me, cause the only thing I love more then physics is military tactics and warfare.   ----As I have shown in more detail, Treat2 is right, it wouldn't work.------   The other amendments don't pertain to retaining the sovereignty of the U.S.A, they pertain to the basic rights each citizen enjoys and therefore will always be important and "In Fashion" so long as the U.S. still has human citizens.   Please opinions only, not baseless assumptions using limited military knowledge, or rebuttals to previous opinions.
Whether or not the 2nd Amendment was written to provide for the protection of the States from a foreign invasion, or border dispute, or Civil War, it is clear that the objective of the 2nd Amendment is to address the basic provisions and control required to form a militia reporting to the President.   One of the provisions to form a militia is explicitly stated in the  2nd Amendment as the unrestricted Right of the individual to own guns.   At that time in our history, when a militia was formed, it was expected that individuals would bring their own gun(s) to the militia. That provision is THE IMPLICIT PURPOSE of the Right of the individual to own guns.  Within the 2nd Amendment, there are NO OTHER IMPLICIT, NOR EXPLICIT purposes pertaining to the unrestricted Right of the individual to own gun(s).   In other words, the 2nd Amendment does NOT IMPLICITLY, NOR EXPLICITLY suggest or expand its purpose beyond what it required for a militia, and the control of a militia.  The 2nd Amendment does NOT provide an individual the Right to own gun(s) for the PURPOSE OF providing for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  Therefore, ANY OTHER PURPOSE OR REASON for the possession of guns that has been attributed to rights under the 2nd Amendment is based entirely upon thoughts and purposes that were NOT IN THE MINDS OF the Founding Fathers when the 2nd Amendment was written.  The Founding Fathers knew many people required guns to provide for food, income, and home-defense. Yet, the Founding Fathers did not separate the purpose of the unrestricted Right of individuals to own guns for a militia, from the SOLE PURPOSE of owning guns for the creation of a militia.  The Founding Fathers did not write the 2nd Amendment in a manner that would even suggest that the Right of an individual to own guns had purposes beyond a militia, that would provide for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..  We may therefore conclude that, any reason or purpose for an individual owning a gun, OTHER THAN for a militia, is not provided for under the 2nd Amendment, and that current gun laws for private ownership of guns is mistaken.  Justifications or reasons to provide individuals with a Right to own guns for a purpose or reason other than a militia, would have to be based on some Amendment, other than the 2nd Amendment, to determine if any such Right exists for individual gun ownership exists.  That the Founding Fathers did not write all Amendments with the explicit and specific Rights of individuals for every condition and circumstance is self-explanatory, as the size of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution would be enormous, and the Founding Fathers would still be busy writing the Bill of Rights and a Constitution if that was the case. However, the Founding Fathers were very careful in their use of words and phrases, and in the logical composition of a Constitution, and that they decided not to specify other purposes exist that justify individual gun ownership, beyond a militia, in the 2nd Amendment. That decision would appear to be intentional.  Although it might ideal to understand all that the Founding Fathers had in mind, when the Constitution was written, it must also be understood  and concluded that what was the basis for a rational giving the Founding Fathers reasons to create an Amendment, and chose specific terms, phrases, and specifics, may not exist today, nor even be of any importance.   For example, individuals need not carry guns from their home to where our troops will gather. Today's "militia" provides for the a militia's need, and an individual's need for guns. What the Founding Fathers once wrote with respect to an individual possessing a gun for the purpose of a militia and the remainder of the 2nd Amendment requires revision or elimination.
What part of"shall not be infringed" do you not understand? What do you think thier intent was when they wrote it?  What you do not understand is that you can not take a word, a phrase, or even a sentence in the Constitutional Amendments, out of context, as you are doing.  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is: the reason for, and provisions for a militia.  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is NOT about<b></b>: the right to own guns for ANY OTHER purpose.  Without any expansion of the 2nd Amendment, the phrase from the 2nd Amentment that is shown without any context, applies to: not infringing the Right of individuals to own guns for the purpose of forming a militia to maintain a Free State.  If the Founding Fathers had the intent to expand the 2nd Amendment to apply to individual gun ownership for a variety of purposes, they would have made it clear, and not specified gun ownership only for the purpose of a militia.  Furthermore, IF the Founding Fathers had intended for us to just read everything phrase by phrase, devoid of any context, each phrase would have been an Amendment and numbered individually. It would be clear to any reader that each phrase was a separate, unrelated, and specific Right that the Founding Fathers had in mind. However, the Constitution was not written that way, and ALL words, phrases, and sentences MUST be read and understood in the context of the Amendment in which it is specified, as opposed to a context that one might otherwise wish it to be.
The original intent and purpose of the Second Amendment was to preserve and guarantee, not grant the pre-existing right of individuals, to keep and bear arms. Although the amendment emphasizes the need for a militia, membership in any militia let alone a well regulated one, is not required to exercise the right to keep and bear arms.   The Second Amendment is an individual right. It does not say the "militia" has the right to keep and bear arms, it says the people have that right.   Though the scope of the right to keep and bear arms includes self-defense and militia duty, it also involves the right of the people to resist tyranny. Many believe resistance by citizens with nothing but small arms against a tyrannical government in possession of high-tech helicopters, fighter planes, tanks, and nuclear weapons would be futile. Recent history seems to suggest otherwise.  The subject and purpose of the 2nd Amendment is to declare the need for a miltiia and provide for the individuals unabridged Right to keep and bear arms for that militia.  The subject and purpose of the 2nd Amendment is NOT about the ownership of guns.   Had the 2nd Amendment's purpose and subject been about a militia, and to keep and bear arms for ANY purpose, the Founding Fathers would have not have isolated the purpose of an unabridged Right to keep and bear arms in an Amendment which was created to declare a need for a militia and individuals to own guns for that purpose.  That private gun ownership was necesssary at that time for a militia is clear.  However, we can not break a sentence from an Amendment apart into tiny phrases, and apply any purpose or reason for that phrase that happens to suit one's desire to read the Constitution in any manner that they see fit.  A phrase our of context is meaningless, in any document, particularly in a legal diocument.
What phrase is being taken out of context? None!  If anything the people that want gun control laws are guilty of taking things out of context. The people that want gun control laws are the ones using the militia lie.  These are non arguments. They are prejudicial remarks.   The phrase being taken out of context was clearly stated by others. It must be kept under the context of a well regulated militia. I believe that is what is being said. Please note that I am not putting in what I think about the merits of the issue but the veracity of the logic.
Then please provide the regulation that states a person must be in a militia to bear arms!  The second ammendment.
The 2nd amend states we can regulate militias, then it states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.  Pay attention guys, I covered two subjects in one sentence. Damn that use of commas!  So if you can please provide the regulation that defends your claim. The 2nd amend clearly states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Yes it does state we can regulate the militias, but there is no regulation or text to defend your claims about militias!  Also pay attention unlike the anti gun types such as you I have not resorted to name calling or insults! I did give you the chance to voice your opinion without attacking you for doing that. It is a shame you cannot claim the same thing!  So tell me how do you make America a better place for attacking people for voicing their opinions?  Hell I have not once told you to grow up!  "If anything the people that want gun control laws are guilty of taking things out of context. The people that want gun control laws are the ones using the militia lie. "  As stated before these are prejudicial remarks. They are ad hominem.   Please note that the argument is that the reason people shall have the right to keep and bear arms is in order to maintain a well regulated militia. Now, a militia does not mean a military. The people are allowed to keep and bear arms.  Please respond to your opponents comments that you have taken "the right to keep and bear arms" statement and used it without the context specifically "the well regulated militia". That is my sole point. I am not commenting on gun laws nor have I on this thread done that. Yet you continue to make claims like I am anti-gun. They are prejudicial remarks. You have attacked me and others. My comments were directed at the logic of your arguments (for the most part) not at the content.
The argument that we needed guns to form a militia to defend the country is no longer important because as I have said, without a full armament of anti-tank and anti-plan missiles complemented by a communication network any militia armed solely with guns would be obliterated. Napoleonic tactics dictate the size of the invading force can usually indicate the likeliness of success, but in today&#8217;s warfare that is far from true.   Ok, what about the idea that guns keep food on the table. How many of the gun-owners actually hunt for their food?  Guns ensure our freedom. Well that is not true, because as I have said before in this day and age if the population ever tried to rage up and "whatever", the media could be blacked out and the cold-war strategy of compartmentalization employed. Sure a thousand guys with shot-guns is a pretty hard fighting force, but when those guys go up against a tank column and the millions of Americans waiting to spring in to action have no idea what is going on, one would tend to favour the tanks. So in closing this argument, sure armed citizens could most likely secure several military instillations, but in this event the government would respond with deadly force eliminating any chance of the sparks of rebellion spreading to other parts of the country.  In closing guns (and the 2nd amendment) no longer serve the purpose they were originally intended to do, and currently the only reason I see to even make guns is to let Uncle Tom hunt ducks with his friends every other winter.
In veitum (i know, bad spelling) the ground was heavily forested, and the Americans had probablys with their fire-arms. If you want a perfect example of occupation, look to Nazi-german's occupation of europe. The ground wasn't close-quarters like vietam (agian with the spelling), and the german Panzer divisions would quell any uprising quickly. Unfortunatly for the U.S., anybody big enough to conquer the U.S. of A is going to be pretty big, and pretty determined. So they wouldn't be willing to give it up without a fight, something a few guys with pistols can't do. My second point is your assuming that the same conditions would exsist. Veitnam was the stupidest tactical move the U.S. has ever made. They knew the area was a Communist Hot-spot, and that any infantry invasion wouldn't get any support and be subject to milita-like attacks. But instead of carpet-bombing the area, they send in the troops anyway. The troops, predictably, were massacred by the dozens, and the farmers, you mention, gathered and saw the enemy was weak, and lost all fear about openly charging at a landing helicopter. And farmers didn't have to come together on thier own, they were trained and forged into an army by communists during the invasion's start.   I would also like to point out, that if america was conquered and you and your freinds managed to...i don't know...get some AK-47s and start shooting stuff, thats small patatos. So what, you can kill a few dozen troops, but if Iraqi is any example, you'll be draged out of your homes and bases and shot dead. Insurection sounds pretty good, but any guns you can keep now you could get through other means when america is being invaded. Think about this, what if the goverment passed out guns just before the U.S. was invaded? It would save all the problems assosiated with the weapons, and you'd still get the protection? Of course thats just an idea.  Now for personal protection I would offer you carry a pistol. It may seem diffrent then what I just said, but pistols (if not operated by someone untrained) are very safe and perfect for self-protection. I would move if I thought i needed a pistol for self-protection, but still, nothing beats the glare of a pistol butt half-revealed in the sun when your walking down that street with those gangsters eyeing your wallet. You see most pistol-accidents are Accidental discharge which can be prevented by removing the clip and checking the chamber every-so-often. But letting people own ozi's is just cruel to that guys neighbors.
First off i would like to state that treat2 and eprates whatever are furries. they have and always will be.  Second of all, gun control is horrible. It is a direct violation of the second ammendment right to bear arms. It specifically states the "right to keep and bear arms" in the bill of rights. That means I get my assault rifle to kill my deer, and to hell with the rest. I want my automatic shotguns and jeep mounted machine gun so that I know I am safe when I drive down compton. The police do not make you safe, you make yourself safe.  Hmmmmmmmmmmmm, you've determined what I am after a total of seven posts to your name. emoticon_rolleyes   Also, spelling one's name is not that difficult, just look on the screen.  Now on to Justanotherguy: I posted something from the supreme court on the other thread where you and I are debating. I would summarize that court case to say that the right of citizens to keep and bear arms is required to form a militia when necessary (in case of invasion etc.) but that I do not think it applies to all items. In the court case I cited, they specifically stated that there is no right to keep a weapon that would not be considered "ordinary military equipment". At least I think those were the words used. They stated that a sawed off shotgun would not fall into the category of ordinary military equipment and stated that regulating such an item did not violate the second ammendment.   I think the difficulty will come down to what is ordinary. One could certainly say that a SAM is not ordinary, I think. I have only been stating that a reasonable limitation is necessary and required by the second ammendment. I think teh supreme court also interpreted that way and provided some guidance.
Did you not read that short barreled shotguns can be owned by law abiding citizens? You claim the courts state they cannot. The Miller case was about what type of shotguns the military used. The criminal claimed the military used sawed off shotguns, the lawyers for the state said they did not.   So if the Miller case supported your claim about what types of guns a person can own. Why can a person still own sawed off shotguns?  I did not say people cannot own shotguns. Go read my post again.
So if the Miller case supported your claim about what types of guns a person can own. Why can a person still own sawed off shotguns?  The Miller case did say sawed off shotguns are not military eguipment.  Do you not read the posts. You are still saying that I am saying a person can or cannot own a shotgun.   I NEVER SAID THAT. I said, the court case supports limitations, not because of the shot gun but because of the statements made in the decision.  "we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense. "  and  "The Constitution as originally adopted granted to the Congress power- 'To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress.' U.S.C.A.Const. art. 1, 8. With obvious purpose to assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness of such forces the declaration and guarantee of the Second Amendment were made. It must be interpreted and applied with that end in view.  " (EMPHASIS ADDED)  The point being that this clearly indicates that the supreme court felt that limits were 1)reasonable and 2) should be kept in context with the "well regulated militia" clause. This is all my argument is. Quit saying I am saying you cannot own a shotgun.
The 2nd amend states we can regulate militias, then it states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.  Pay attention guys, I covered two subjects in one sentence. Damn that use of commas!  So if you can please provide the regulation that defends your claim. The 2nd amend clearly states the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Yes it does state we can regulate the militias, but there is no regulation or text to defend your claims about militias!  Also pay attention unlike the anti gun types such as you I have not resorted to name calling or insults! I did give you the chance to voice your opinion without attacking you for doing that. It is a shame you cannot claim the same thing!  So tell me how do you make America a better place for attacking people for voicing their opinions?  Hell I have not once told you to grow up!   Exact words of the 2nd Amendment with punctuation included are:  "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is: the reason for, and provisions for a militia.  If the Founding Fathers had wanted you to take an phrase from a sentence and understand it as an independent and unrelated subject, they would have either created two sentences, or two amendments.  Additionally, if the Founding Fathers were referring to keeping and bearing arms for any legitimate purpose, they would have said so, in that one sentence.  Three options were available to them to write an Amendment to expand upon the purpose of the 2nd Amendment (i.e. a militia), yet they chose none of those options.  You can not take a phrase out of a sentence in the Constitution and apply whatever meaning you choose to, in ANY context you choose to, yet you are doing that, and not understanding what they wrote, and why they wrote it.  Do as you please. It is out of ignorance that you persist in making that argument. Even as a legal gun owner, I can still read the Constitution, and know that it differs from what our current laws permit.
... how are the 'people' in the second amendment different from the 'people' in the other amendment ...    You needn't have made such a lengthy post. It is because of the misinterpretation of the 2nd Amendment that I can and do own guns! LOL!  Exact words of the 2nd Amendment with punctuation included are:  "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  The subject and purpose of 2nd Amendment is: the reason for, and provisions for a militia.  If the Founding Fathers had wanted you to take an phrase from a sentence and understand it as an independent and unrelated subject, they would have either created two sentences, or two amendments.  While you my be inclined to separate the sentence into two parts, like so:: Part 1 "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State," Part 2 " the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  You will note that the 1st Part of that sentence is clearly not possible to make a sentence of Part 1, while the 2nd Part can be made into an independent sentence, and has been, by NRA supporters.  There is a reason for why Part 1 can not be made into a sentence: Part 1 is THE SUBJECT of the sentence, and as I've just demonstrated,  the 2nd Amendment was NOT intended to be torn apart into two independent parts, interpreted in any way that you would like it to be.  A SENTENCE has 1 and ONLY 1 subject. The subject of the following sentence is the "militia", and no part of that sentence can be separated from the sentence and viewed out of context of that subject (i.e. the militia).  "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  Clearly, the entire sentence is about the reason for a militia, and how it shall be made possible: by not infringing the right of people to keep and bear arms.   If the Founding Fathers were referring to keeping and bearing arms for ANY legitimate purpose, they would have said so, in a SINGLE sentence or Amendment.  Three options were available to them to write an Amendment to expand upon the purpose of the 2nd Amendment (i.e. a militia), yet they chose none of those options.  You can not take ANY PHRASE out of a sentence in the Constitution and apply whatever meaning you choose to, in ANY context you choose to.
Actually, drawing from contemporary writing style taught at the time, the first section is not the subject clause. It was actually called the introductory clause. The purpose of the introductory clause was "....give an example in relation to the purpose clause" (primer for public writing, author unknown, 1854). The second clause is the purpose clause, which is designed to "....convey the meaning of the passage" (same source).   This was fairly common in legal writings at the time, and several state constitutions have passages worded identically. Interestingly enough, there has never been a case in court of any of the state amendments being interpeted as you suggest the second amendment should be. Apparently, people feel that , despite the clear indicators of it's meaning that are conveyed in the founders other writings, as well as the historical evidence which indicates how the passage should be read and understood, there is some need to muddy the waters on what is otherwise a fairly clear statement.  I believe the founders felt that they adequetly conveyed their desired message, shich is why they didn't elaborate any more. There was an earlier draft of the amendment (by madison) that was rejected that contained far less specific language. Some different commentators that wrote of the rejection claimed that it was because it did not clearly convey that this was a right of the people.  Call that portion of the sentence whatever the hell you like. The fact remains, the subject of the sentence i.e. the 2nd Amendment is the militia. The fact also remains that no part of any sentence within the Constitution can be separated from the subject of the sentence, taken out of context, and interpretted in any way that anyone chooses to.  The 2nd Amendment is a single sentence about the militia, and it's entirely clear that the founding fathers wanted people to always be permitted to keep guns for the purpose of a militia.   If the founding fathers had another purpose in mind, or wanted to expand the 2nd Amendment they had a MINIMUM of THREE ways to do it. They choose not to make two sentences, and make the 2nd Amendment about a miltia.  That the founding faters were obsessed with the importance of a militia is clear throughout the Constitution. The 2nd Amendment ensures a militia can exist, by not permitting the right to keep and bear Arms for that purpose to by infringed by anyone.  Just one problem... the year is 2004, not 177X, and the 2nd Amendment is obsolete, and without purpose today.
Actually, drawing from contemporary writing style taught at the time, the first section is not the subject clause. It was actually called the introductory clause. The purpose of the introductory clause was "....give an example in relation to the purpose clause" (primer for public writing, author unknown, 1854). The second clause is the purpose clause, which is designed to "....convey the meaning of the passage" (same source).   This was fairly common in legal writings at the time, and several state constitutions have passages worded identically. Interestingly enough, there has never been a case in court of any of the state amendments being interpeted as you suggest the second amendment should be. Apparently, people feel that , despite the clear indicators of it's meaning that are conveyed in the founders other writings, as well as the historical evidence which indicates how the passage should be read and understood, there is some need to muddy the waters on what is otherwise a fairly clear statement.  So you make some vague reference to a document with an unknown author to support your claims. In US v. Miller the Supreme Court stated that the purpose of the second amendment is to "assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness of" the militia spoken of in Article 1 of the Constitution.   "The Constitution, as originally adopted, granted to the Congress power --  'To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress.'  "With obvious purpose to assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness of such forces, the declaration and guarantee of the Second Amendment were made. It must be interpreted and applied with that end in view."  How can you misinterpret such plain language? It clearly states what the purpose of the second amendment is.
---------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.  From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents,  unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915  to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Germany established gun control in 1938 and from  1939 to 1945, 13 million Jews and others who were  unable to defend themselves were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  China established gun control in 1935. From 1948  to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From  1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971  to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From  1975 to 1977, one million 'educated' people, unable  to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in  the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million.  --------------------------------------------------------  It has now been 12 months since gun owners in  Australia were forced by new law to surrender  640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by their  own government, a program costing Australia  taxpayers more than $500 million dollars.    The first year results are now in:  Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent  Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6 percent  Australia-wide, armed robberies are up 44 percent  (yes, 44 percent!)  In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with  firearms are now up 300 percent.  (Note that while the law-abiding citizens turned  them in, the criminals did not, and criminals still  possess their guns!)  While figures over the previous 25 years showed a  steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms, this  has changed drastically upward in the past 12  months, since the criminals now are guaranteed that  their prey is unarmed.    There has also been a dramatic increase in  break-ins and assaults of the ELDERLY.  Australian politicians are at a loss to explain  how public safety has decreased, after such  monumental effort and expense was expended in  "successfully ridding Australian society of guns."  --------------------------------------------------------  The Australian experience and the other historical  facts above prove it.  --------------------------------------------------------  You won't see this data on the American evening  news or hear our president, governors or other  politicians disseminating this information.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives  and property and, yes, gun-control laws affect only  the law-abiding citizens.  --------------------------------------------------------  Take note my fellow Americans.....before it's too  late!  --------------------------------------------------------  The next time someone talks in favor of gun  control, please remind them of this history lesson.  --------------------------------------------------------  With guns, we are citizens.  Without them, we are subjects.  --------------------------------------------------------  If you value your freedom, Please spread this  anti-gun control message to all of your friends. What's the point of posting a bunch of propaganda from some biased website? Your whole post proves nothing because it doesn't show a causal relationship between gun control and mass murder. How come Sadam Hussein was able to kill so many of his subjects although gun ownership was common among the Iraqi public? I suppose we could find a way to blame all the world's problems on gun-control. Even this pro-gun website admits that you can't blame the holocaust on gun-control.   "The simple conclusion is that there are no lessons about the efficacy of gun control to be learned from the Germany of the first half of this century. It is all too easy to forget the seductive allure that fascism presented to all the West, bogged down in economic and social morass. What must be remembered is that the Nazis were master manipulators of popular emotion and sentiment, and were disdainful of people thinking for themselves. There is the danger to which we should pay great heed. Not fanciful stories about Nazi's seizing guns."  http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcnazimyth.html
So do you want to argue my points or do you want to argue me? Which of my bullits are wrong? Which of them are right? "Your whole post proves nothing because it doesn't show a causal relationship between gun control and mass murder." I think that applies to all your bullets.
---------------------------------------------------------------------  In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.  From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents,  unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915  to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Germany established gun control in 1938 and from  1939 to 1945, 13 million Jews and others who were  unable to defend themselves were rounded up and  exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  China established gun control in 1935. From 1948  to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From  1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to  defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971  to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend  themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From  1975 to 1977, one million 'educated' people, unable  to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.  --------------------------------------------------------  Defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in  the 20th Century because of gun control: 56 million.  --------------------------------------------------------   It's funny, there are gun-restrictions in Sweden and I have not been rounded up and exterminated yet. Must simply be a matter of time... Honestly, Those arguments are totaly worthless.  Why don't you read how well your gun bans are working in other countries?  Compare the rate of criminality and murders in US and those of the average contries with gun-bans. Where do you think it's highest?
And so you have it... Socialist lunatic fringe view that human lives are only worth what the government says its worth....  Please explain how you came to that conclusion. emoticon_confused
And so you have it... Socialist lunatic fringe view that human lives are only worth what the government says its worth.... Old gun lobbyists'argument: Gun control = liberal XXXX = socialism = communism = enemy of the US.... emoticon_rolleyes
What? He clearly responded to your points. He made a valid argument.      And you're accusing him of not debating properly? That's the best you can do? I don't get this Rev Hellhound guy. I provide a link to US Department of Justice statistics to back up my claims. He calls these statistics "revisionist history" because they don't agree with some statistics he's found on a pro-gun website. I provide links to data from the Australian Institute for Criminology and the British Crime Survey to show that crime isn't as bad in those nations as he would like to believe. Instead of responding to the data I've presented, he accuses me of being "a typical lunatic fringe liberal" Then I point out that his arguments in this thread show no cause and effect relationship and he says I just want his guns. Is this a joke? I've pointed out that he depends so much on info from progun websites and all he can say is that there was a time when this wasn't the case. Well I'm going to direct my address the arguments that Rev Hellhound is making now and not against arguments that he supposedly made a long time ago.
And so you have it... Socialist lunatic fringe view that human lives are only worth what the government says its worth....  What? What does that comment has to do with anything I posted?
I don't want the GOVERNMENT to institute a ban because I don't think that would solve the crime problem, but I also would strongly encourage people to not own guns because I want a gun free America. I want people to voluntarily give up their guns because that would be a lasting change. But that obviously wouldn't happen with a governmental ban. The way to solve the problem is to solve the social problems that cause gun ownership because gun ownership is more a manifestation of the problem than the problem itself.  What exactly is the 'social problems' that cause gun-ownership and how do you propose to solve them?
Wrong.... I called your agendad socialist interpratation of those statistics "revisionist history"    Hmmm.....   * Gun-free England not such a utopia after all. According to the BBC News, handgun crime in the United Kingdom rose by 40% in the two years after it passed its draconian gun ban in 1997.18 And according to a United Nations study, British citizens are more likely to become a victim of crime than are people in the United States. The 2000 report shows that the crime rate in England is higher than the crime rates of 16 other industrialized nations, including the United States.19    (clue... 19 is a footnote... It reads: 19 John van Kesteren, Pat Mayhew and Paul Nieuwbeerta, "Criminal Victimisation in Seventeen Industrialised Courtries: Key findings from the 2000 International Crime Victims Survey," (2000). This study can be read at http://www.unicri.it/icvs/publications/index_pub.htm. The link is to the ICVS homepage; study data are available for download as Acrobat pdf files.)   * Australia: Readers of the USA Today newspaper discovered in 2002 that, "Since Australia's 1996 laws banning most guns and making it a crime to use a gun defensively, armed robberies rose by 51%, unarmed robberies by 37%, assaults by 24% and kidnappings by 43%. While murders fell by 3%, manslaughter rose by 16%." 154 (154 Dr. John R. Lott, Jr., "Gun laws don't reduce crime," USA Today (May 9, 2002). See also Rhett Watson and Matthew Bayley, "Gun crime up 40pc since Port Arthur," The Daily Telegraph (April 28, 2002). See also supra note 155.)  . British authorities routinely underreport murder statistics. Comparing statistics between different nations can be quite difficult since foreign officials frequently use different standards in compiling crime statistics.  * The British media has remained quite critical of authorities there for "fiddling" with crime data. Consider some of the headlines in their papers: "Crime figures a sham, say police,"161 "Police are accused of fiddling crime data,"162 and "Police figures under-record offences by 20 percent."163  * British police have also criticized the system because of the "widespread manipulation" of crime data:  a. "Officers said that pressure to convince the public that police were winning the fight against crime had resulted in a long list of ruses to 'massage' statistics."164  b. Sgt. Mike Bennett says officers have become increasingly frustrated with the practice of manipulating statistics. "The crime figures are meaningless," he said. "Police everywhere know exactly what is going on."165  c. According to The Electronic Telegraph, "Officers said the recorded level of crime bore no resemblance to the actual amount of crime being committed."166  * Underreporting crime data: "One former Scotland Yard officer told The Telegraph of a series of tricks that rendered crime figures 'a complete sham.' A classic example, he said, was where a series of homes in a block of flats were burgled and were regularly recorded as one crime. Another involved pickpocketing, which was not recorded as a crime unless the victim had actually seen the item being stolen."167  * Underreporting murder data: British crime reporting tactics keep murder rates artificially low. "Suppose that three men kill a woman during an argument outside a bar. They are arrested for murder, but because of problems with identification (the main witness is dead), charges are eventually dropped. In American crime statistics, the event counts as a three-person homicide, but in British statistics it counts as nothing at all. 'With such differences in reporting criteria, comparisons of U.S. homicide rates with British homicide rates is a sham,' [a 2000 report from the Inspectorate of Constabulary] concludes."168     I will let you look up the rest of those footnotes.... http://www.gunowners.org/fs0404.htm       Whatever.. Who are you talking to? What are you trying to convey... What does ANYTHING you posted have to do with the title of this thread? Copying and pasting a bunch of stuff from some progun website again? Why do you put so much trust in that website? The stuff on that website doesn't agree with the raw data I've seen. The truth is that the UK police has changed its system for recording crime. This change in recording crime made it appear that the crime rate went up. The British Crime Survey, which was unaffected by this changes in how the police record crime, shows a decrease in crime. The BCS is the most accurate measure of crime in England because it takes into account crimes not reported to police.   Go to the section under violent crime in the British Crime Survey.  "The increase in violent crime recorded by police, in contrast to estimates provided from the BCS, appears to be largely due to increased recording by police forces. Taking into account recording changes, the real trend in violence against the person in 2001/02 is estimated to have been a reduction of around five percent(see Chapter 3)." So when you take into account changes in recording crime, there was an actual decrease in the violent crime rate.   Furthermore there has been a considerable drop in violent crime since 1997: "BCS violence estimate has fallen 17 per cent since 1999 and by 22 percent since 1997, both falls being statistically significant (Table 3.01)." http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb702.pdf    The claim that following the gun ban Australia experienced big increases in crime due to Australia's gun buyback has been refuted as an urban legend at www.snopes.com, a website that is committed to exposing urban legends  "Given this context, any claims based on statistics (even accurate ones) which posit a cause-and-effect relationship between the gun buyback program and increased crime rates because 'criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed' are automatically suspect, since the average Australian citizen didn't own firearms even before the buyback."  http://www.snopes.com/crime/statistics/ausguns.asp  Australia's homicide rate is lower than the homicide rate in the US and there has been little variation in Australia's homicide rate in their buyback. http://www.aic.gov.au/research/homicide/stats/hvr.html  It's also interesting to note that the proportion of homicides committed with guns in Australia has decreased.  http://www.aic.gov.au/research/homicide/stats/type.html
Oh ok... So thats what the brits did... what did they do count things twice? c'mon.   "Tony Blair says there's no more important issue than street crime - and earlier this year stunned the nation by claiming that by this September he will have brought the problem under control. It's a tough challenge. The latest crime figures say it all. According to the 2002 recorded crime statistics compiled by 43 forces in England and Wales...   Violent crime is up 11 per cent  Robbery is up 28 per cent  Murders are up 4 per cent  Rapes are up 14 per cent."  I see you left that part out of your selective quoting.  And what source was I quoting from when I supposedly left this out?     I do not understand how crime rates go up yet they claim it is "actually down" sounds like spin to me.... I never said the crime rate went up. I said changes in recording crime made it appear that it went up. Stop distorting what I say.      Wrong Snopes said it cannot be determined from the small sampling... but again I see you left that out...  So you can't determine that there is a relationship between the crime and gun control in Australia. My point exactly.
Your pretty slow aren't you... They released a report that said everything was up.. Then they (and you said) oh well thats because we started reporting it differently...  And what evidence do you have to show that they didn't start recording it differently? And you still have the problem of explaining the British Crime Survey, a separate measure of crime in the UK which has shown a decrease in crime.   So what they are saying is that crime is down even though the new reporting methods show a rise.. in order for this to be true the old methods must have been under reporting actual crime and therefore they would have no way of comparing it. Unless they took into account recording changes which they said they did. "Taking into account recording changes, the real trend in violence against the person in 2001/02 is estimated to have been a reduction of around five percent(see Chapter 3)." http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb702.pdf
One social problem that comes to mind is the mentality starting in middle school and high school that fighting can be used to solve conflicts. People think that fighting is acceptable, and in many cases parents encourage their sons to do it because it makes them more of a "man." Meanwhile, other people come to watch the fight for fun and laugh when someone gets beat up. When you ask them, they say fighting is wrong, but they have no problem using it for friday night entertainment.  That is true. That should be done something about too. Although I've no idea how either. Although I think a gun-ban should be effective since you can't eliminate criminality entirely, and it's the criminals, lunatics and otherwise unbalanced people that you don't want to have guns or have an easy time getting guns. That can only be accomplished with a gun-ban.
What I fail to understand, and have ye to get any kind of difinitive or enlightening answer to, is what makes you think that criminals are going to be affected by a gun ban?   There are already laws agains killing people, robbing people, etc..., so why would one more law help?  Do you really think a gun-ban would not affect criminals? Sure, they can get guns via black markets but black markets can be found and eliminated, they can get guns via other people, but they still have to get the guns into the country in some way. And smuggling can be worked against. Where do you think criminals would get guns? Explain?
Anti gun/gun control advocates logic is to ban guns and the problem of gun crime will be stopped. This logic does not work with other banned items such as drugs, so how will it work with guns? It will just keep guns away from the law-abiding citizens. After all this is the group of Americans that the anti gun/gun control advocates want to keep guns away from.  Does a right exist that protects the use of the drugs that have been banned?  Of course criminals will get guns but it will be very much harder for them. Do you think that a gun-ban in the long run would mean that more criminals get their hands on guns or that less criminals get their hands on guns? And do you think that if drug use was allowed in the US there would be more drugs or less drugs?  Guns were banned in haiti... England guns are banned but somehow people still get shot...... what you are proposing is called TYRRANNY!  I guess banning drugs are also a tyranny then. Why don't you fight against the laws in US that restricts drug-use?  Currently they are called "grey market guns". I bought one for my wife not too long ago. They are brought in through Mexico and canada. The one I bought was an H&K 9mm. Total cost was only $400 (retail is $1200). I even had the number on the thing run to make sure it wasn't stolen. It wasn't.   I would imagine people would get guns the same places they get drugs. I don't do drugs, but I am absolutly certain I could get a bag of weed in under an hour if I wanted one. I don't keep illegal firearms, but I am absolutly certain I could get an M-60 in less than 2 hours (would have to drive a bit for that one).   They haven't managed to control smuggling of drugs, and guns would be MUCH easier to smuggle. Dogs can't be trained to smell them.  I am still not seeing the logic in this. While black amrkets could concievably be found and eliminated, I haven't ye seen anywhere in the world where they have managed this feat. As long as there is money in it, people are going to do it. I know a guy who sells cigarettes that are smuggled in from Mexico by the truckload. They sell for $2 a pack (as opposed tot he after tax price of $4.25). This guy can't be making THAT much money on the deal, but there is money in it, so he does it. Capitolism at its finest.  I still claim: a gun-ban would mean less criminals with guns. Not no criminals with guns. Less. Less enough to warrant the law? It depends on how much rescourses is being put into countering smuggling.
I was reading a deal the opther day about the war on drugs. Did you know that we have spent of 100 billion JUST on sombating the illegal import of drugs since 1985? It seems to me like drugs are widely available. Logic would dictate that in order to make guns any less available than drugs, we would probably have to put at least 10-20 times the money into anti-smuggling efforts for guns as we do for drugs. Thi is because drugs actually have to be smuggled. YOu cannot just pack a cargo container full of drugs and ship it to the us, becuse the dogs would smell it. You could, however, pack a cargo container full of guns, stamp the customs forms "machine parts" or "hammers" or "scrap metal" and unless somebody actaully opened the container to look, nobody woudl be the wiser.  Containers could be randomly searched or checked up in other ways. Do you think that US should allow drugs since it seems that you feel that the rules do little good?
I am for the legalisation of drugs fro an entirely different reason, whihc is because I believe that people should be free, that includes free to fry thier brains if they so desire. I am not so hung up on the morality aspects of getting high that I care if my neiborgh does it. Freedom sometimes means freedom to make mistakes, or even to monumentally stupid things.  I agree that you should have the freedom to make mistakes. To a certain degree. When the mistakes you do is likely to harm others then those mistakes should be prohibited. Not only are drugs very hard to get out of even if that is your wish, so you will use drugs against your will eventually and there is always people that can trick people into using enough drugs to get dependant. Also, when under the influence of drugs you have little or no control over your actions and thus could act in ways that may be harmful to others. Lastly, the craving for drugs can be so great that you resort to criminality to get them. Guns and drugs can both in such great ways affect others that they should be restricted for public use.
You are still going to be searching cargo for contraband for normal customs tax reasons, you will be carrying out these searchs until you lift all restriction on what can be taken into the country.  Honestly I think people overestimate the ease of getting drugs just like that, it is not in the interest of the dealers being that easy to get hold of, guns would be even more difficult as you won't have to keep going back and will have no need to remain loyal to your dealer once you have what you want and the cost will be higher so you are less likely to be able to just get them off a friend who had got a gun in the past (who would be quite unlikely to offer you his given the most probable use of a black market gun).
Drugs tend to lend themselves more to that kind of selling, guns would be nearer to trying to buy stolen sports cars, something that presumably if illegal would have quite a bit of monitering on them, are not really repeat buys (you have to be exessively rich to have a 20 a day Merc habit;)) and require more connections.  The SA MP5 seems a little worrying though :(
Why wouls selling guns be any different, especially if they are easier (so common sense dictates more often) to imported than drugs?   My brother smoke pot occasionally. HE came to visit and wanted some so he wandered around in a bar until somebody hooked him up. It is not that complicated.  Individual guns are easier in import, not so sure they would be on mass, also how illegal now is it to import guns into the US?  As for the difference, you don't use guns as often as drugs so you don't need to keep going back for more, hence the gun dealers don't have to be so open as they will likely be doing one-time sales to people. Drugs make money because people have to keep buying them while guns do not- the economic of them is different, as I said before I think the economic of illegal guns would be more similar to that of illegal cars (expensive one-time purchases) rather than drugs (continual purchases)
This too is asked of the other countries that have banned guns such as England and Canada!  No, we don't and don't need one either. The problem starts when you begin to become so paranoid you don't trust the police, your neighbours and become convinced that the government wants to turn itself into a authotarian dictatorship the first chance you get. Moral decline? I would say that in the UK, we still value life over property. Most people are happy here with the strict gun laws
Just want to point out that crime statistics are very hard to compare between countries and over time. Most serious statistical agencies that covers crime always provide a disclaimer that crime rates in crime statistics are very influented by changes in laws (ie; what constitutes as a crime), changes in reporting crimes (statistics on domestic beating has sharply risen the last 20 years because a change in reporting behaviour of the victim) and time dislocations (for example; a criminal have been commiting crimes since 1999 but his crimes where first discovered in 2003)  I would be most careful when using crime statistics...
@ Patrick Henry  Mmm yes, perhaps. I`m not getting into a debate about gun ownership in the US (or US liberals for that matter). I simply don`t know enough about the issue.
@ Patrick Henry  Mmm yes, perhaps. I`m not getting into a debate about gun ownership in the US (or US liberals for that matter). I simply don`t know enough about the issue. People have already posted and debated this issue. I don't really see the point of pasting a bunch of propaganda from some biased website- especially a whole article. It's a waste of space. Here are some links that have already been posted about crime in the Australia and Britain.   http://www.aic.gov.au/research/homicide/stats/hvr.html (shows little variation in the homicide rate since Australia's gun buyback)  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb702.pdf (Shows a decrease in crime since the UK confiscated handguns)
@ Tim  I don`t really understand your point. I haven`t really posted anything but a suggestion for using caution when using crime statistics. Could you please explain what you meant?
That's never stopped a liberal from doing the same to promote 'gun control'. Regardless, 'gun control' simply doesn't work.  It do work in Sweden, Iceland, Finland, Norway and Denmark as far as I'm aware of. Did you know those contries existed? Maybe only the 'big-guys' like US, UK and australia are important? You can't claim that gun control doesn't work. There are many contries where it does. Then, after all you have to see it in the proper timeframe. If UK and australia pretty recent aquired those gun-laws then yes, for a time crime might increase, but it will decrease with time.
@ Tim  I don`t really understand your point. I haven`t really posted anything but a suggestion for using caution when using crime statistics. Could you please explain what you meant? I think I mistakenly directed my arguments against you. I'm just trying to show that crime in Australia and Britain isn't as bad as some people on this forum claim.
Could you perhaps post a coherent comment that has anything to do with my posting instead? It was stated that gun-control doesn't work. I stated some contries where it does. Do you have any comment?
High Gun Ownership Countries   Country/Suicide/Homicide Total* Switzerland 21.4/ 2.7/ 24.1 U.S. 11.6/7.4/19.0 Israel 6.5/1.4/7.9  Low Gun Ownership Countries   Country/Suicide/Homicide Total*  France 20.8/1.1/21.9 Denmark 22.3/4.9/ 27.2 Japan** 16.7/0.6/17.3     * The figures listed in the table are the rates per 100,000 people.  ** Suicide figures for Japan also include many homicides.  Source for table: U.S. figures for 1996 are taken from the Statistical Abstract of the U.S. and FBI Uniform Crime Reports. The rest of the table is taken from the UN 1996 Demographic Yearbook (1998), cited at http://www.haciendapub.com/stolinsky.html   6. The United States has experienced far fewer TOTAL MURDERS than Europe over the last 70 years. In trying to claim that gun-free Europe is more peaceful than America, gun control advocates routinely ignore the overwhelming number of murders that have been committed in Europe.  * Over the last 70 years, Europe has averaged about 400,000 murders per year, when one includes the murders committed by governments against mostly unarmed people.169 That murder rate is about 16 times higher than the murder rate in the U.S.170   http://www.gunowners.org/fs0404.htm That haciendapub link doesn't work.  I think the International Crime Victim Survey provides a much more thorough and detailed analysis on the effect of gun ownership than the progun website that you seem very fond of (gunowners.org). Quoting from a study done by them-  "The present study, based on a sample of eighteen countries, confirms the result of previous work based on the 14 countries surveyed during the first International Crime Survey. Substantial correlations were found between gun ownership and gun-related as well as total homicide and suicide rates. Widespread gun ownership has not been found to reduce the likelihood of fatal events committed with other means. Thus, people do not turn to knives and other potententially lethal weapons less often when more guns are available, but more guns usually means more victims of homicide and suicide." http://www.unicri.it/icvs/publications/pdf_files/understanding_files/19_GUN%20OWNERSHIP.pdf  Yeah "when one includes the murders committed by governments against mostly unarmed people" But why would one to that unless you can show a cause and effect relationship between gun-control and murders committed by governments? You've failed to do so. Even this pro-gun website admits that you can't blame the holocaust on gun-control.   "The simple conclusion is that there are no lessons about the efficacy of gun control to be learned from the Germany of the first half of this century. It is all too easy to forget the seductive allure that fascism presented to all the West, bogged down in economic and social morass. What must be remembered is that the Nazis were master manipulators of popular emotion and sentiment, and were disdainful of people thinking for themselves. There is the danger to which we should pay great heed. Not fanciful stories about Nazi's seizing guns."  http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcnazimyth.html
FOOTNOTES! Gunowners.org cites every one of its sources. So what? They do that on the Brady and VPC website too. It doesn't mean that they accurately represent their sources. That's why I prefer original sources. You respond by just posting more propaganda from a progun website. Not very convincing.
So again you feel compelled to argue the methods not the points... The footnotes lead you to the raw data which if you were not intellectually lazy you could look up and argue the points of my posts.... but alas you won't you will simply continue to attack me.... Practice what you preach. Remember who's the one that has been quoting from raw data and who keeps copying and pasting from pro-gun websites. I've looked up and quoted directly from the International Crime Victim Survey, the US Department of Justice Website, the British Crime Survey, and The Australian Institute of Criminology to back up my claims. Who's the one that is more intellectually lazy?
High Gun Ownership Countries   Country/Suicide/Homicide Total* Switzerland 21.4/ 2.7/ 24.1 U.S. 11.6/7.4/19.0 Israel 6.5/1.4/7.9  Low Gun Ownership Countries   Country/Suicide/Homicide Total*  France 20.8/1.1/21.9 Denmark 22.3/4.9/ 27.2 Japan** 16.7/0.6/17.3  Interesting figures. I noticed however that only one of the contries I mentioned were part of it. Did they not have an entry? *checking...* I guess they didn't. Why can that be? Becuse the figures would support the fact that gun-control can work? Nooo...
Yeah, that's probably what Stalin and Hitler said at first too. They were also big fans of 'gun-control'. 'Gun-control' works great.. especially in countries with fewer freedoms and/or socialist governments. I read somewhere that in Japan that the police can (and do) visit you twice a year at your home unannounced to question you about your activities. And yet, people still die at the hands of criminals there like anywhere else.  Sorry, you assume that because the 'law-abiding' abide by these laws that that will somehow affect the actions of those that disobey the laws. Doesn't work that way. You liberals are always quick to blame inanimate objects for the actions of the irresponsible. But then, liberalism is all about excusing the behavior of the irresponsible.  I'm not a liberal. Do not jump to conclusions. Gun control doesn't have to be connected with dictatorial governments. Guns do not give you very much control over the government in any case. No matter how heavy you are armed the government will always have a bigger gun, and most people will do as they say simply becuse they are the government. Gun-control doesn't have so much to do with it. You in turn assume both that criminals will not have a harder time to get guns and that all guns not own by criminals will be used in selfdefense and other 'legitimate' purposes.  And about that sign, as I said it wouldn't have much effect where I live since nearly no one own a gun anyway.
This is liberal.. you believe governments are smarter than people. You do not trust your fellow man you trust governments made up of men. You are willing to restrict my freedoms based on activities of criminals.   You sir are a liberal.  Actually, I'm more a socialist. But I guess that's only worse in your eyes eh?  I'm willing to restrict certain freedoms of 'the people', to which both you and criminals belong. Freedoms like owning a gun, building nukes, drunk-driving, etc. I trust governments controlled by the people. And I mean controlled by the media and free elections, not gunpower.  Though the scope of the right to keep and bear arms includes self-defense and militia duty, it also involves the right of the people to resist tyranny.    It also give the right to equipment with which you could execute murders, armed robberies and other violent crime.
"When the people fear the government you have tyranny. When the government fears the people you have liberty"  - Thomas Jefferson  Obviously, you don't know what you're talking about. Your statement only holds true as long as the 'people' agree with your Draconian proposals. Sorry, not everyone is as gullible as you when it comes to believing that any government is above tyranny.  Where do you live again? Britain? Cuba?  Sweden. We have had 'draconian' gun-laws for a long time now and the government has not yet acted in any way like a tyrrany. Neither has the people felt any need to protest against the gun-laws.
Does Sweden have a right like the 2nd amend? If Sweden does not have a right like the 2nd amend Sweden cannot be compared to the US pertaining to gun control laws.  Would you describe exactly what the second amend is and how it is worded? I just like to know why it means you cannot compare Sweden to US. There may be resons why gun-control wouldn't work as well in US as in Sweden, but how would the second amend affect it?  Which is why I keep my bolt carrier well oiled for the day you try to bring Mayday to my town!.  Bwahaha! The evil socialists will come to conquer and destroy your valiant and rightious nation. Be vary afraid!  Free elections? When the (your socialist one for example) government controls the media they can propagandize thier little socialist propagancrap and could even lie about the elections!  Our government does not control the press. Of course I can not proove that all I ever see and learn is propaganda, but neither can you. Our government is neither socialistic, it is as democratic as yours. Why did you assume it was? Becuse I called myself a socialst our becuse we have gun-restrictions?  Why are you so paranoid... I own lots of guns but I never desired to murder rob and streal. Your bigotry is beginnig to show  I can't see how you figure this. What makes you think I'm paranoid? Are you not even more paranoid if you feel you need a gun for selfdefense? And bigotry? That's a completely unbased and unnecessary personal attack.
  deยทmocยทraยทcy ( P ) Pronunciation Key (d-mkr-s) n. pl. deยทmocยทraยทcies  Government by the people, exercised either directly or through elected representatives.  A political or social unit that has such a government.  The common people, considered as the primary source of political power.  Majority rule.  The principles of social equality and respect for the individual within a community.    soยทcialยทism ( P ) Pronunciation Key (ssh-lzm) n.  Any of various theories or systems of social organization in which the means of producing and distributing goods is owned collectively or by a centralized government that often plans and controls the economy.  The stage in Marxist-Leninist theory intermediate between capitalism and communism, in which collective ownership of the economy under the dictatorship of the proletariat has not yet been successfully achieved  Your talking about 2 different things..... Also we are a republic not a democracy.  Errrr... You are comparing apple to peers. A socialistic system as a stage in Marxist-Leninistic theory is widely different from contemporary socialism we experience in the more prosperous parts of western europe which is what Xeox is refering to. In Sweden, capitalism is the general mode of production, democracy is the general mode for electing governments and socialism is the general basis for the ideology of the largest political party. Now, you could argue that it is not socialism per se but rather social democracy, but it is generally reffered to as modern socialsm.   But regardless. The Marxist proletarian dictatorship is in theory no less democratic than your avereage liberal democracy....
A horse by any other name........  emoticon_confused What? My point was to show that socialism and democracy are not two opposite political ideals. What does that have to do with horses?
..... is still a horse.    Explain then in detail what socialism means in this modern eurotrash way..... And name one of these utopian socialist wet dreams of a country that has the GNP of California or better!  Modern socialism or social democracy has its base in the idea that the means of production can be put in the hands of the working class through slow reform rather than revolution (which communists argue). This has been a (very?) slow progress and some would argue that they have not really gotten any closer, even in countries whith pre-dominantly social democratic governments, but it is safe to say that they have gotten closer, relative to countries that lacked socilistic influences.   Another characteristic of social democratic countries are the wellfare state system. While this can often be seen in other countries or for other reasons (like Germany), the social democratic countries generally have a much higher level of governmental control of the economy (either through direct ownership (Norway), high taxes (Norway, Sweden) or regulations and high level of labour laws. And much higher level of governmentally produced or financed goods and services.  Another important feature of social democracy are the belief in the market forces as something that creates gross in-equalities. Rather than accepting these in-equalities (like libertarians) or try to correct the in-equalities (like Rawlsian liberalism) social democracy believes the market forces can be controlled by governmental action.  On the international arena, social democracy often hold "international solidarity" as some form of ideal. It is however unlikely (according to me) that countries governed by social democrats really adhere to this principle.  Examples of traditionally social democratic countries with high GDP per capita; Norway 31 500 dollars per capita, Sweden 25 500, Denmark 29 000.  Comparison: Canada: 29 000  It could perhaps be noteworthy to point out that GDP figures are slanted towards less governmental production of services or goods as private sollutions creates a measurable value added (?) figure, wheras governmentally produced goods and services produces a value added (?)figure, it`just not measurable.
That is so wonderful... The only difference between the socialist of old and the socialists of new is they try now to underhandedly take power and are failing to do so according to you?!!?? Tell me how do these socialist utopias compare to say..... California?  Well, they are not new per se.. they have exosted almost as long as conventional Marxists. And they have been a strong political force in europe since the 1800:s  As for californai..  er.. you tell me. I think I know roughly as much about california as you know about Sweden ;)
I will give you a hint.... California is the 5th largest economy in the world....  The figures I presented was GDP per capita. Canada is a larger economy than Norway, Denmark and Sweden put together. I have still yet to see you refute my point that socialism and democracy are very compatible. I don`t really see how the economic progress of social democratic countries (compared to american states or Canada) are relevant emoticon_confused
They may be compatible but when the government has a hand in every industry including the press... Objective media is far from common.. France for example.. The people are still shocked that we won the war in Iraq. The press had 159 anti blair-bush headlines compared to 6 anti hussein headlines. the media was toting the government line on the issue.  Or perhaps.. here is a wild thought... Perhaps it was the market forces dictating that the newspapers with headlines about american failiure sold better than the ones with saddam failiures emoticon_wow ... After all, the french public was against the war and if they wanted to read about america failing (which they probably did) the newspapers made more profit with american failiures in the headlines. I can`t really speak for french governmental ownership of media outlets, but over here we get plenty of non-governmental news reporting. I would estimate that over 95% if not more of our media output is owned by private interests.    My comparision was based on your claim of economically vibrant socialist countries which I found amusing when compared to ONE of our states economies. besides your vibrant economies reflect how well the governments/buisinesses are doing not how private industry left to its own destiny thrives...  Now you are confusing things... Economic succes cannot be measured by the sixe of the economy. In that case China would be rougly 1000 times as economicly succesful as Luxemburgh. Funnily enough, the average resident inLuxenburgh is the richest average citizen on this planet... The average chinese is quite poor. GDP per capita is often used as a measure of economic succes. Total GDP is not.   But to spare some time and place; if you want figures about US GNP per capita I can assure you that it is higher than every other country on this planet (except luxemburgh). But to use that as an argument that social democracy has failed, even economicly is a huge, huge stretch.  Your socialist utopias keep the ruling class rich and you shlubs happily lower middle class... I would not want to live that way,  How do you mean? Last time I checked, the wealth of the elites where much smaller relative to the average population in social democratic nations. Even when it came to the political elites (or ruling class, as you so Marx-ianish put it ;)
They may be compatible but when the government has a hand in every industry including the press... Objective media is far from common.. France for example.. The people are still shocked that we won the war in Iraq. The press had 159 anti blair-bush headlines compared to 6 anti hussein headlines. the media was toting the government line on the issue. My comparision was based on your claim of economically vibrant socialist countries which I found amusing when compared to ONE of our states economies. besides your vibrant economies reflect how well the governments/buisinesses are doing not how private industry left to its own destiny thrives... Your socialist utopias keep the ruling class rich and you shlubs happily lower middle class... I would not want to live that way, Media: Media isn't controlled by the government in Europe. It is that easy. Or should I bring in Fox as an argument about how the American government controls the Media?   Your example about the French press is also very biased. The people in France knew about Husseins crimes and didn't support him. And what you call anti Bush-Blair headlines were articles which were critical towards the war.  On the other hand there was a special French issue of a British Murdoch paper that was handed out for free in France with Chirac as a worm on the title. Not only was this an insult but also some form of "controlled Media".  And when you claim that "objective Media is far from common", could you tell me how you came to that conclusion. And please don't use the basic resistance against the Iraq-war as an argument; otherwise I could say the same about the US-press (just change resistance to support).  Your socialist utopias keep the ruling class rich and you shlubs happily lower middle class... I would not want to live that way, So the USA are a socialist country, too? The Rich keep getting richer there.  Or could you explain the sense of your statement?
How does the government control FOX? This is absurd. for once a right leaning new station comes out and you lunatic fringe lefties get your panties all in a wad because of a different slant than your agenda! I just said this about Fox to show you how useless the argument about Eurropean Media was. A right leaning news station is that less governmental controlled as any left leaning is.   US media is not in support of the war. US media does not report on succsessful defence using handguns only crimes. I could go on an on but we should get back on topic. Again, it was just an example of how biased your statement was. In fact, European Media is as free as American (which in times of war has very close ties to the government anyway).    Extremist logic. 1st of all yes the rich are getting richer here but hey the poor are getting richer too.... All with a whole lot less governmental inteferance than your contries....    But like I said this is WAY off topic.... I remember numbers that the class of the working poor is getting bigger and bigger in America. But you are right. We really are off-topic now.
Of course more money for the fewer...... Not gained by hard work in capitalism but by governmental piracy....   But this is simply not true. You are constantly building strawmen  Can we get back to gun control now?  Why? That`s subject is so boring ;) (J/K... sorry for the hi-jack, even though you know you deserved it :p )
It is extremley boring. I find any argument that the state knows best and economics to be like a kid arguing why he has a right to some candy........  Or someone arguing why someone has a right to some guns :p
If you find this topic borring don't let the mouse hit you in the :xcensored on your way out. emoticon_xgood  Hehe. Point taken.
Lets see the average world soldier on average gets 1 1/2 hour training on the mechanics of his rifle. Only a few get actual rifleman training... Vast majority are using rifles that are good out to 300 yards. With my M14 I can hit a 19" target at 800 yads with iron sights... A blue helmet at 500 yards.... It's not me who should be afraid....  My comment was what I usually call 'irony'. Is it a concept you are familiar with?  Uh...   deยทmocยทraยทcy ( P ) Pronunciation Key (d-mkr-s) n. pl. deยทmocยทraยทcies  Government by the people, exercised either directly or through elected representatives.  A political or social unit that has such a government.  The common people, considered as the primary source of political power.  Majority rule.  The principles of social equality and respect for the individual within a community.   soยทcialยทism ( P ) Pronunciation Key (ssh-lzm) n.  Any of various theories or systems of social organization in which the means of producing and distributing goods is owned collectively or by a centralized government that often plans and controls the economy.  The stage in Marxist-Leninist theory intermediate between capitalism and communism, in which collective ownership of the economy under the dictatorship of the proletariat has not yet been successfully achieved  Your talking about 2 different things..... Also we are a republic not a democracy.  I guess I was a little fuzzy. What I tried to say was: a, Our government is not built upon Marxistic ideals, neither is it a tolitarian state. b, Our government is as democratic as yours, which would mean democratic in the sense of free elections and that kind of things.  [QUOTE=Rev. HellH0und]Over 56-million people have died because of gun control in the last century. Is there an identifiable trend? A common denominator? Sure! The victims were unarmed.[QUOTE]  Do you claim that they could have saved themselfs if they had been armed? They may have been able to put up a fight, but against trained soldiers (the kind you described for example) they have little chance. The statement that they died 'because of gun-control' is simply not logical.  [QUOTE=Rev. HellH0und]Your a bigot because you said:  "It also give the right to equipment with which you could execute murders, armed robberies and other violent crime. "   Just because I have the right to certain tools does not automatically make me want to commit crimes with these legal tools. I could do those things that you claimed but I wouldn't need a gun to do so.... The fact that you so easilly lump me into such a group simply because I own guns is rather predjudiced of you.[QUOTE]  I don't lump you in any group. Neither did I claim that you need a gun to commit crimes. I simply stated that guns are equipment with which you can execute, among others, those crimes I mentioned. You not only jump to conclusions, you make them up all by yourself.
Exactly. "Socialist democracy" is a long standing plan to get us back to socialism. Socialism and democracy are pretty incompatable in their pure forms. Communism is more or less the purist form of democracy, and fascism is just a pretty bad thing.  Hmmm... Perhaps we should start a seperate thread on this subject (or perhaps move the discussion to the "distinction" thread.) I would very much like to know how you argue that socialism (even with the Marxist definition of socialism as a transitory state for communism) would be incompatible with democracy.
Why do gun free zones not work? Because criminals do not obey the laws against having guns in gun free zones.  Simply naming an area a gun free zone does not make it a gun free zone. If it is truely to be a gun free zone, the law must be enforced. To enforce the law, you must provide a means of security / controlled access to the zone, to screen for and prevent guns from entering the zone. If the law is enforced, the gun free zone will work.
Simply naming an area a gun free zone does not make it a gun free zone. If it is truely to be a gun free zone, the law must be enforced. To enforce the law, you must provide a means of security / controlled access to the zone, to screen for and prevent guns from entering the zone. If the law is enforced, the gun free zone will work.  An example of this would be an airplane for the most part. The laws are strictly enforce although they can still be beaten. However instances of this actually occurring in a way that puts people in danger are few and far between. So yes it can work but it takes incredible measures to make it work.
What type of system do you propose? Is it one of total gun freedoms or one of a certain amount of control?
What is your definition of total gun freedom?  Heh, well I guess that answers that question. Do you think that doing such would actually reduce gun related deaths or provide a whole lot of other significant advantages to individuals? Can you forsee any major disadvantages?
I think of airplanes, courthouses, and prisons as being gun free zones. JustAnotherGuy claims that gun free zones don't work. So should we allow prisoners, airplane passengers, and people in courthouses to have free access to guns?
I think of airplanes, courthouses, and prisons as being gun free zones. JustAnotherGuy claims that gun free zones don't work. So should we allow prisoners, airplane passengers, and people in courthouses to have free access to guns?  I think that JustAnotherGuy realizes that gun free zones work on a small level when there is a sufficient amount of effort put into upholding these laws. I'm sure you also know that the laws necessary to create these gun free zones will intrude on your right to privacy and lessen the amount of freedoms you have. So the long and short of the matter is that gun free zones can work on a small level and should be used in specific cases but to try and get them to work on larger levels would be very difficult.
You want kids to be placed in a prison for an education. Do you think they will really like to learn in that type of school?  No I don't . I want children (at least my children and family) to be placed in a school where they do not have to worry about one of their classmates pulling out a tech 9 and going on a rampage in the library. I don't think that is too much to ask. I think eliminating the risk of this makes a school a much more effective place to learn. How many people do you think actually learned anything at Columbine the day they came back to school, or perhaps were they a little distracted. I'm all for the government giving you and like-minded extremists your own school (hell, even your own state...why not) and letting you all carry guns into schools and every other place you want to. As long as when a gunfight breaks out at your school in Rottencrotch Nebraska, I don't have to see all the parents on TV crying and bawling about how could this tragedy happen here, and saying that something should have been done, this never should have happened. I think there is a time and place for guns, but I don't think that guns belong in schools.
Please demonstrate to us how running your gun free school would be different from how a prison is operated. You stated you wanted a fence with locked gates around the school. You wanted everybody searched before they entered school. You wanted all items searched before they entered school. This is how they operate prisons. Drugs and guns still make it into prisons. Let us not forget the airplane with the drugs and guns on it after all of the passengers were searched for weapons.  Could I ask all viewing here...how many of you really need an explanation of this (other than Justanotherguy)? For some reason I am not surprised by his response.
So you want to run the schools like prison! Are you going to put armed tower guards around the school grounds? Not only does this sound like a prison, it sounds like that thing in Berlin. Berlin Wall a device used to keep people in. It also had armed guard towers. So to keep guns out of a gun free zone you would insist on a police force using guns to do this.  Must you take everything to the extreme? I guess that would make you an extremist. We are talking about school security, not communist Berlin.
Simply naming an area a gun free zone does not make it a gun free zone. If it is truely to be a gun free zone, the law must be enforced. To enforce the law, you must provide a means of security / controlled access to the zone, to screen for and prevent guns from entering the zone. If the law is enforced, the gun free zone will work.   Yes, that is really an extremist view.
So now you are calling yourself extreme?  No it's called sarcasm, I expected that you would not understand...it was more for the benefit of others reading...not you.
Without making a school operate like a prison how do you propose to make your gun free zone safe from criminals?  By enacting sensible yet effective methods of security.
Another question about this "gun-free zones": Why do you have to introduce them? I always thought that you aren't allowed to carry a gun in public anyway.  One hint to "justanotherguy": Why do you think are so many American criminals armed with guns? Especially so many when you compare their numbers to e.g. Germany? ;)
Gun free zones are zones proclaimed free of guns. The problem with this is that criminals will not obey the laws proclaiming gun free zones free of guns. But in schools guns are banned anyway; as they are on airports. Why the need to call these places "gun-fee zones"? I am absolutely oppossed towards guns, but I really can't see any sense in those zones.    Because criminals do not obey the laws about gun free zones! So the reason for the many armed criminals in the USA is, that they wouldn't accept gun-free zones when introduced....? Tip: We have no "no-gun-free zones" in Germany. Why is the vast majority of our criminals not armed with a gun?
In the maority of america they allow concealed carry. Gun free zones are areas where you cannot carry, such as schools and airports. They name them as such, and put up signs usually, ust to let people know That was an answer I was waiting for. I really thought that it was only in Texas and a few other places were concealed guns are allowed.  I really still don't get why you have to introduce these zones (isn't it forbidden to carry these hidden weapons in schools and airports anyway?)   Sociological differences. Certainly a reason. I only posted my question to hear a argument by anotherguy because just saying "criminals don't obey laws" does NOT explain the higher rate of armed criminals (criminals all over the world have the tendency to disregard the law). However, it didn't work ;) .
Gun free zones are areas where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to carry guns. Gun free zones are areas that criminals enter with guns because they know they are no armed law-abiding citizens there to stop them. I know. You post this answer every time, no matter if it fits in or not.  Another question for you: Why should criminals enter gun-free zones with guns? Is there a big vault in every zone?
 Criminals enter gun free zones with guns to commit crimes against unarmed law-abiding citizens. So according to your logic a criminal would never attempt to rob someone ouside a gun-free zone?
Gun free zones serve 2 purposes.  1. Making it known to EVERYONE that guns are not to be carried in the zone. 2. By labeling it as a gun free zone, people who violate the gun free zone are subject to increased penalty under law.  Making a gun free zone does nothing to prevent guns from entering it. Enforcing a gun free zone by means of security does.   I think there should be an exemption for teachers and administrators, though. IT makes me wonder how many columbines we have to have before the liberals start going "gee, his american history teacher could have popped him in the first 15 seconds and this XXXX wouldn't have happened".   I agree with armed law enforcement in schools to provide protection. Teachers...that is a little different...I think there would need to be a mass concensus of teachers willing to carry, and then extensive training would be required. In the end, I think armed law enforcement would make much more economical sense. And I wonder, how many columbines we have to have before people understand that if we had been able to find a way to screen these children for guns prior to entering the school, this XXXX wouldn't have happened.
Gun free zones are known to criminals. That is why criminals go to gun free zones. Criminals do not have to worry about being confronted by armed law-abiding citizens.   Criminals will not obey these gun free zones. Was there not a school that a principal stopped a shooting by having his gun with him?  If you say so, sure. Is it not possible that if the gun had never entered the school in the first place, the principle would not have had to stop any shooting? Is it possible that if the principle had not been in the right place at the right time the shooting could have still taken place?
It was a gun free zone. A criminal disobeyed the law and carried a gun into a gun free zones.  Apparently so did the principal.
Where did the gun free zone start? It appears you feel that gun free zones should start at the very property line of the school. What kind of dangerous threat to the kids can you create with a large number of kids waiting at the check point on the property line to be searched and scanned prior they enter the school grounds.  I don't really know, as a matter of fact I do not even know if the case that you cite is true or not. If it is, perhaps you could post a link to the story about it. And it appears that you are making assumptions about what I think based on nothing factual at all.
Same kind of answer from you about the drugs and guns on that airplane.  You brought it up, now show it.
You brought up the example, I did not. My initial statement to you was "if you say so, sure". In other words, I have no knowledge of this case. I responded to it as if it was true...that does not mean that it is. Then you asked if I could provide specific details about it. If I do not have any knowledge if the case, how would I know the details. So, since you mentioned the case, I asked you to provide some information on it...you know, some factual proof. Now, do you by chance have any or not? Or should nobody take anything you say as credible?
Here maybe this may appease you.  WASHINGTON, D.C. (Oct. 29, '98) -- The nation was horrified when 16-year-old Luke Woodham walked into his Pearl, Mississippi, High School with a .30-30 hunting rifle, shot to death his ex- girlfriend and her close friend, then shot and wounded seven other students.   Then the nation learned Woodham had stabbed his mother to death earlier that morning.   Then the nation learned that the local prosecutor had charged six more students with having conspired in the killings as part of a Satanic plot.   What most of the nation never learned was that Assistant Principal Joel Myrick, using his own gun, stopped the killer as he tried to flee the school.   The news media virtually ignored the fact that an armed citizen had possibly prevented more bloodshed -- using a gun possessed in violation of the Federal Gun-Free School Act, which prohibits firearms within 1,000 feet of a school.   To find out what happened I talked to the school's principal, Roy Balantine.   Mr. Balantine said when he heard the shots he ran into the hall and "saw a kid with a gun," then immediately called 911. Mr. Myrick, he said, was in his office on the opposite side of a "commons" that the school surrounds.   Myrick also had run into the hall and seen a student with a rifle; he shoved several students into his office and locked the door, then ran toward the shooting.   He saw Woodham shoot and wound one of the students -- and Woodham saw him, so Myrick jumped back out of the line of sight.   That's when, Mr. Woodham told me, "Mr. Myrick remembered that he had been out to visit his parents over the weekend, and that he remembered that he had forgotten to take his gun out of his pickup.   "So Mr. Myrick ran across the commons and out the back door and got the gun, and loaded it, then came around the side of the building."   At that point, Mr. Balantine said, he saw the student pull out of the school parking lot and pull up behind a car that was stopped at a stop sign. As Myrick ran toward the car, Woodham pulled around the stopped car, but spun out and off the road.   Before he could get the car going again, Myrick was there with the .45 pointed in Woodham's face, demanding "Why did you do that?"   That's when Woodham "instantly became a coward," Myrick had told one local reporter.   Woodham must have feared that Myrick would shoot him for he stammered, so Mr. Balantine told me, "Oh, Mr. Myrick; I'm the one who gave you the discount on the pizza last week."   Myrick got Woodham out of the car, made him lie on the ground, pulled his coat over his head and kept one foot on his back until police arrived.   Woodham's rifle was in the car, and he still had 30 rounds.   "With all that ammunition, we don't know what he might have done," Mr. Balantine told me. "We don't know if he would've gone to the junior high or the pizza parlor where he worked, or what. There's reason to believe he might not've been through killing."   "I'm just thankful that Mr. Myrick had the presence of mind to remember his gun and bring it all to a stop."   Amen, Mr. Balantine. Police and local reporters are convinced that Woodham was a member of a satanic cult that had been ritually sacrificing animals and planning killings before fleeing to Mexico.   But predictably, there's a bit of a flap in Mississippi about the "terrible fact" that this vice principal had a gun at  school, and that he was violating the gun-free school law (which the Supreme Court struck down but Congress reinstated last year).   Under Mississippi law he could legally have a gun in his car.   I'm thankful he had it, and asked Mr. Balantine to thank him for me and those of us who admire his courage -- and for setting a clear example of a gun being used to save lives.   Further, I told him, if the U.S. Attorney or anyone else wants to give Mr. Myrick any legal troubles, to give me a call and I'd be delighted to start a defense fund.  Case in point..  A Mississippi town suffers searing trauma By ROCHELLE RILEY The Courier-Journal  Tuesday, December 8, 1998   http://www.courier-journal.com/cjextra/schoolshoot/SCHpearl.html  They spent most of the article talking about satanic cults.
Jeez...was that so hard? Finally, you have backed something up that you have said! But let me ask you one thing. Returning to your original argument...you are wrong. Can you figure out why? Here, let me help you.  You stated:  Was there not a school that a principal stopped a shooting by having his gun with him?   Answer: NO.  Explanation: (as taken from an article involving this event)  Woodham was accused of killing two classmates  -- ex-girlfriend Christina Menefee, 16, and her friend Lydia Dew, 17 -- and wounding seven others during the attack, the first of a series of deadly mass shootings at U.S. schools. Jurors deliberated about five hours before returning their verdict.    Taken from: http://www.cnn.com/US/9806/12/school.shooting.verdict/   This one comes from the article that you posted on the shooting...nothing like proving yourself wrong huh?  The nation was horrified when 16-year-old Luke Woodham walked into his Pearl, Mississippi, High School with a .30-30 hunting rifle, shot to death his ex- girlfriend and her close friend, then shot and wounded seven other students.   Again, I have to wonder, If this criminal had not been able to get into the school with his gun, is it possible that 2 people would not have been killed and that 7 people might have not been wounded? Now can you tell me how you come to the conclusion that he stopped the school shooting? emoticon_xgood
It's ok, I know you were wrong, you know you were wrong...let's just leave it at that. Backpeddling is not going to make you right at this point.
Brwaaaawkk...criminals will not obey gun free zones....brwaaaaaaaawk....only law abiding citizens obey them...brwaaaaaaaawk.....gun free zones that are enforced will become prisons....brwaaaaaaawk.  Hahahahahahahahahahaha. That was awesome.  Criminals do not obey gun free zones!  That's the equivalent of saying that dead people do not live, since a criminal is, by definition, someone who breaks a law.
So chicken man will criminals obey these gun free zones? if you have no answer then just say so...  As I have explained many times before Rev, putting up a sign does nothing more than notify people that it is a gun free zone. It only works if it is enforced by security. It is like the apartment community I used to live in. There was a sign out at the entrance that stated no soliciting...however I would continuously find flyers on my car or taped to my door for restaurants and the like. Now, I live in a gated community that has a sign posted stating no soliciting. Because there is someone controlling access to the community, I no longer get any flyers. I know it is a simple example, but it relates very well.
Explain in detail how you would do this to make schools gun free zones. My idea would be: Metal detectors and security. This wouldn't prevent school shootings as such but at least the maniacs couldn't reach the inside that easy. It also isn't a nice imagination to have guarded school entrances but if necessary then it has to be done.
Not well prepared plans on security. What is to prevent a person from going between the check points where the metal detectors are placed? With security I meant security agents.  Sorry if it wasn't that clear.
Are the agents at the metal detectors? Yes and there also should be someone to watch out for people trying to get inside the school in a irregular way. This again wouldn't be guaranteed safety but a first step. And if you'd start installing metal detectors you would certainly take care about any entrances that might be used to cheat the detectors.
So you want security people at the metal detectors and patrolling the perimeter of the school? Do you want these security people armed or unarmed? I'd like to see them unarmed but the effect would certainly be as if you had unarmed security at a bank or airport. So yes, they had to be armed. And no, this wouldn't make it a prison if you hint on this.
Is there going to be a fence around the school? Maybe or a wall like it is already common for many schools right now. You are only pointing towards the "prison argument" again, huh?
Your gun free zones would be prisons for children to learn in.  As there won't be armed guards in class rooms and it is about safety, I think children can differ from prison to school.  Even with all of your security devices guns would still get into to schools because criminals would not obey the law about gun free zones! Criminals don't obey laws. But it will be a lot harder for them to take their guns to school and the average thug might consider to not take his gun with him at all. School criminals (and I am not talking about something like Littleton) would commit less crimes at schools because they can't threat others with guns anymore. It is surely easier to get an armed criminal into a school if it is not a gun-free zone or would you even deny this?
As there won't be armed guards in class rooms and it is about safety, I think children can differ from prison to school.   Criminals don't obey laws. But it will be a lot harder for them to take their guns to school and the average thug might consider to not take his gun with him at all. School criminals (and I am not talking about something like Littleton) would commit less crimes at schools because they can't threat others with guns anymore. It is surely easier to get an armed criminal into a school if it is not a gun-free zone or would you even deny this?  As far as I am concerned, if it takes walls, fences, guards, x-ray machines, metal detectors etc... to keep my children safe at school, so be it. I would rather my children learn in an environment like this than die in a place like Littleton at the hands of 2 deranged sociopathic killers who got picked on too much. I think security measures such as controlled access, and simple screening can make a world of difference in cases such as these, and as The Comedian suggests, it will make two bit thugs a little more apt to think before they walk into a school with a 30/30 in their arms. These seem like common sense items to me...and I suspect The Comedian thinks so as well. I guess there are just those who lack common sense in this world.
The security measures don't look threatening to kids too imo. Airports got detectors and guards, policemen are walking the streets armed. If you also explain to the kids why there are these things they maybe felt even better. The ones that felt worse would be the big tough guys messing around normally.
The security measures don't look threatening to kids too imo. Airports got detectors and guards, policemen are walking the streets armed. If you also explain to the kids why there are these things they maybe felt even better. The ones that felt worse would be the big tough guys messing around normally.  The real test would be to ask the kids form Littleton, Jonesboro and other places how they feel about security in our schools. Then ask the parents who send their children to these schools how they feel about it. We can all sit here and deabte about it all day. It is easy to do when you have not been personally affected by one of these incidents.
The real test would be to ask the kids form Littleton, Jonesboro and other places how they feel about security in our schools. Then ask the parents who send their children to these schools how they feel about it. We can all sit here and deabte about it all day. It is easy to do when you have not been personally affected by one of these incidents. That's for sure. Are there any representative studies around about parents and childrens attitude towards this? Or is the problem rather discussed than managed?
Your gun free zones would be prisons for children to learn in.   Even with all of your security devices guns would still get into to schools because criminals would not obey the law about gun free zones!     I have a nine year old in a school that does not allow guns on its premises and none of this goes on. The only schools where I ever hear of it going on are ones with significant violence or gang problems.  Not to mention kids can't legally own a weapon anyway!!!!
I have a nine year old in a school that does not allow guns on its premises and none of this goes on.    This is a dangerous assumption jito. How do you know that there are no guns at your 9 y/o's school? Does anyone assure that guns are not brought in, or do you just assume that because it is against the rules and you have not heard of a case that it is not happening.  The only schools where I ever hear of it going on are ones with significant violence or gang problems.   Littleton and Jonesboro were not schools with significant violence or gang problems. Most of these school shootings are occuring at suburban or rural schools with no known history of gun problems in the past. This type of attitude is dangerous. It is the "it can't happen in this town, not here" attitude. Many people in Jonesboro felt the same way until 2 people were killed and 7 injured in their quiet little school.   Not to mention kids can't legally own a weapon anyway!!!!  Irrelevant. You do not have to own a weapon to pick it up and kill someone with it. These shootings are still going on despite the children not owning the weapons.
Well if this is true as you claim then what kids are breaking this law?  Criminals or law-abiding students? More proof that gun free zones affect only the law-abiding citizens or students  The two examples you used were what? The kids doing the shootings had some problems with school bullies and the jocks. Nothing is done to deal with this problem. In fact the people demanding prison type schools for gun free schools use the same bulling tactic to press their demands. This also can be seen by one of the people for prison type schools response of bragging about having to defend him or herself with their bare hands. People that ask question of the safety Nazis plans for prison type schools are attack with insults in an attempt to pressure people into thinking like these frightened people.  Please stop calling people "safety nazis". I find that term offensive.
The two examples you used were what? The kids doing the shootings had some problems with school bullies and the jocks. Nothing is done to deal with this problem.   We are not debating why these criminals decided to enter their schools with guns and shoot people. We are debating on how to prevent these criminals from getting into the schools carrying guns. While the problem of kids being bullied and ostracised can contribute to the reasons some of these kids decide to shoot their classmates, this is not the debate. I do agree that at risk kids need to be identified and assessed as to the level of threat they provide, and the behavior that causes them to be bullied and ostracised cannot be tolerated. But again, that is a subject for another post.   You propose to abolish gun free zones, and allow people to carry guns into schools. Do you honestly think that some of these kids will care knowing that a teacher or the principle might be armed? Can you assure me that someone will be present to stop a shooting before it begins? Even in the case you presented before, you stated that the principle heard the shooting, then came running out and saw the gunman. By this point, people have been shot. The problem with your method is that for someone to notice that there is a shooting taking place, shots must be fired first in most cases. So in your opinion it is better to let a few people die first, then get into a gunfight with the shooter perhaps after he has some hostages. My (and I think The Comedians) contention is that if you prevent guns from entering the school, you eliminate the possibility of this at all. Common sense goes a long way...which do you think is better?
You cannot defeat the facts about gun free zones' failure to keep guns out of them so now you attack the messenger!   I attacked nobody. I simply stated that I find the term "safety nazi" offensive. So don't use it. And WHAT FACTS?  This post is about gun free zones not keeping criminals from taking guns into them.   emoticon_wow Just when I though I heard every illogical and contradictory statement you could make...you continue to amaze.  The problem with your point is you treat law-abiding citizens as criminals!   So you don't mind if a few innocent people die...just as long as we don't treat them like criminals?
Maybe freedom and responsibility are subjects you find hard to understand!   What about the freedom of children to go to school without the fear of being gunned down at lunch? What about a parents freedom to feel that their kids are safe in our public schools? And do you contend that it is our childrens responsibility to die to ensure that kids are free to carry guns to school?  I find it offensive that you want to limit rights and yet you are not told to stop doing that! Every time you refer to armed citizens you use terms like Jeb, or idiot and no ones demand you to stop saying that. When people defending rights use terms like safety Nazis, you take offense in hopes to stop the safety Nazis from being exhibited in a bad light.    It is my right to present my side of the debate as I see fit, as long as I do not chose to use offensive terms directed at others...especially after they have told me that they consider them offensive. I have told you that I find the term "safety nazi" to be offensive. I have asked to to not use it when reffering to me or others that post on this forum. You do not need to continue to be offensive to present your side of the debate. Please do not use the term again.   The fact that criminals do not obey laws amazes you, figures!   That's not what I said, nor what I was reffering to.
Once again do gun free zones keep this from happening? No! As for you chant about kids taking guns to school, the gun free zones do not stop this. Littleton would have happened at a gun-free school too. The guys wanted to kill and just that. They had started firing even with the army close-by. What sundowner and I (I think he feels similar) are trying to explain: If you were a thug (not a killer) and used to bring a gun to school because nobody cared and you felt better with it and could threat others, would you still take it with you if you could be arrested for just smuggling it into a school?    I find it offensive that you want to limit peoples right, please stop doing it! You are not allowed to smoke in several places. Go protest. Is it impossible to restrict a right in certain cases (and in that case it would only be restricted in a certain area) to protect others lives?
Criminals do not obey laws! Criminals do not worry about being arrested for breaking the law. Of yourse they don't obey laws (hey, you took that one over from sundowner and me :p). But the thugs I was talking about would maybe worry quite well about a possible arrest. Once arrested, police might be interested in the background of the guy they just captured smuggling a gun into a school. Even for criminals there is a cost/effect ratio.   How do you protect unarmed law-abiding citizens from criminals that do not obey the gun free zone laws? Do read recent posts? Detectors, security,...
Took what over? Read the first post.  As stated in my first post and many more I have stated criminals do not obey gun control laws such as gun free zones. sundowner even attacked and insulted me for saying that in one of its post! Typical tactics of people that want to limit the rights of other people! Hehe, at least you finally admit that we want to limit rights and not to ban them. You are just saying "criminals don't obey gun-free zones". We tried to explain in several posts why the criminals might stop bringing guns with them.      I can ask the same question of you, do you read recent post?  They had metal detectors and security at the airport in NYC and gun and drugs still made it onto a airplane. I also said several times that there is nothing like a 100% safety; anything else is lied. But instead of a 99% safety, is it wiser to legally allow terrorists to get a gun on board? Or allow bullies to take them to school?
This is a dangerous assumption jito. How do you know that there are no guns at your 9 y/o's school? Does anyone assure that guns are not brought in, or do you just assume that because it is against the rules and you have not heard of a case that it is not happening.    Littleton and Jonesboro were not schools with significant violence or gang problems. Most of these school shootings are occuring at suburban or rural schools with no known history of gun problems in the past. This type of attitude is dangerous. It is the "it can't happen in this town, not here" attitude. Many people in Jonesboro felt the same way until 2 people were killed and 7 injured in their quiet little school.     Irrelevant. You do not have to own a weapon to pick it up and kill someone with it. These shootings are still going on despite the children not owning the weapons.  Sundowner, I think you have misunderstood the intent of my post. There may be guns getting snuck into my son's school (although I hope not), and gun violence can happen anywhere. I totally agree.  I am actually responding to JustAnotherGuy's idea that my son's (or even that many) gun-free schools employ the use of metal detectors, fences and what-not. I am saying that his school is "gun-free" (by the rules), but most certainly does not operate as a prison.
I find it offensive that you want to limit peoples right, please stop doing it!   Read the law books again. Children do not have the right to own or carry weapons.  Criminals do not obey laws! Criminals do not worry about being arrested for breaking the law.  This is just funny. Of course they worry about going to jail. They don't care about the law, but the idea is to not get caught.
Children are not the only people in gun free zones. So this shoots your argument down!   If criminals were worried about getting caught, they would not be breaking the law. This why gun free zones will only affect aw-abiding citizens.  This debate reaches new heights ;)  Of course criminals worry about getting caught.
Sundowner, I think you have misunderstood the intent of my post. There may be guns getting snuck into my son's school (although I hope not), and gun violence can happen anywhere. I totally agree.  I am actually responding to JustAnotherGuy's idea that my son's (or even that many) gun-free schools employ the use of metal detectors, fences and what-not. I am saying that his school is "gun-free" (by the rules), but most certainly does not operate as a prison.  Your son's school does use these devices? That is great. That is what I have been saying all along, that every school needs to employ this type of security. Let me ask you, have they found any guns or knives at any of the screening points in his school that you know of? And also let me ask, do you feel that your son is safer in this school, than a school where anyone can carry a gun into it unchallenged if they wish? And does your son complain about his school being a prison, or is he happy with the security measures?
aaaah!  The confusion grows - maybe it is my own. emoticon_frazzled   My son's school has a no guns allowed on premises rule.  There are no metal detectors, fences, etc.  I assumed that JustAnotherGuy belives any school that has no gun rules operates this way. Now I am starting to think I got in the middle of an argument where you think these security measures are a good idea and he doesn't.  I don't know how I feel about the idea of every school having them. Expensive. Lots od schools have inadequate teachers and books, I think that needs to be addressed first.  If my son's school had them, no I don't think he would feel imprisoned. He would probably think it was nifty until it just got to be part of the scenery. I do think it would be effective in keeping guns out, though.
aaaah!  The confusion grows - maybe it is my own. emoticon_frazzled   My son's school has a no guns allowed on premises rule.  There are no metal detectors, fences, etc.  I assumed that JustAnotherGuy belives any school that has no gun rules operates this way. Now I am starting to think I got in the middle of an argument where you think these security measures are a good idea and he doesn't.  I don't know how I feel about the idea of every school having them. Expensive. Lots od schools have inadequate teachers and books, I think that needs to be addressed first.  If my son's school had them, no I don't think he would feel imprisoned. He would probably think it was nifty until it just got to be part of the scenery. I do think it would be effective in keeping guns out, though.  The confusion was shared then. Yes, I agree, other educational issues need to be addressed along with the issue of safety. Then from my first post to you, my question was do you just trust that these rules keep guns out, or is it that nobody has yet been caught with a gun? JustAnotherGuy likes to repeat catch phrases over and over stating that criminals will not obey gun free zones...and only law abiding citizens obey gun free zones. This is something so basic and fundamental that I would assume this is understood. I certainly do not think this constitutes a basis for an argument though. He contends that by employing security measures we are denying people of their constitutional rights. Although repeated requests have been made for him to tell us how he would prevent school shootings...he has not provided any ideas. The only thing he can even remotely come close with is saying that people could defend themselves with guns if they were attacked. But it still leaves schools open to becoming shooting galleries...at least until one of these armed people can respond and kill the shooter. (Unless the shooter by that point has hostage/s. Likely then the rescuer would create more problems than he solves with his gun). But it is all still after the fact. Chances are someone has already been shot before an armed citizen is responding to the situation. But in his mind, a few dead innocent school children are acceptable as long as we do not violate peoples constitutional rights and treat them like "criminals". I contend that with simple security measures we can keep all guns out of schools, and eliminate the threat all together. Sorry for misunderstanding you.
Call one of your states prison complexs and ask them how their prisons are operated. You will be told the prisons "employ the use of metal detectors, fences and what-not. "  Criminals do not obey the laws about gun free zones.  You should call one of your local state prisons and ask them why they employ such measures. Could it be for the SAFETY of the guards and the inmates? And one other point. Criminals go to prison to be punished. Children go to school to learn. Prisoners stay in prison, school children go home in the afternoon. You want to know what the difference is...there's a big start. So it could be stated that yes, they would have security measures in common, for the purpose of safety. You don't like safety? But other than that, this is where the similarities end.
I am sorry JustAnotherGuy, your schools with security measures equal prison argument is pretty weak.  The security measures in schools and prisons are there for the same reason - safety. But that is not the punishment in prison. The punishment is not being able to leave. Losing freedom. People can come and go from schools at will, even ones with security devices in place.  Security isn't punishment, your argument doesn't hold.  Not to mention it still does not address the fact that kids can't have guns anyway.
 a compound with a fence completely around it. This fence will have few gates. These gates will have metal detectors and armed staff to operate the metal detectors. Since some of the people defending these security measures have also stated they want armed patrols. This means a armed uniformed person will patrol the fence line.    Wait, wait, I know this one... An airport? No, no... The White House? I've got it, Disneyland!   Seriously, any place where security is important has armed guards at the very least. Metal detectors are common, and no one I know feels that security measures makes them feel like criminals. Your argument is weak.
The weak argument is treating every person entering a school as a criminal. This will not stop the criminals from taking guns into a school. The criminals will simply go around the security measures. The law-abiding citizens that are treated like criminal will be the unarmed people when armed criminals enter school campus.   If you have 4 entrances to a school, and you have security measures in place at these 4 entrances, how exactly are these criminals going to be able to go around them? I also find the argument very weak, saying that by employing security measures you are treating law abiding citizens like criminals. How can you be accused of treating someone as a criminal when it is your intent to ensure their safety?   JustAnotherGuy: Do me one thing. Actually lay out your plan, step by step...of how you would protect people at schools. What would you do to prevent school shootings...how would your plan work?
Simple you walk up to the fence where there is no guard and toss a gun over the fence to their buddy! Unless of course you are going to have microwave motion detectors around the school like prisons do!  How many guards are you going to have at this gun free school?    Criminals like the ones at columbine have a set pattern of crime, the authorities missed this and allowed these criminals to enter the school grounds!  Why did the authorities miss this? Simply bleeding heart leftist extremist do not like to punish criminals!  Ok, and still I ask, if you have 4 entrances to the school, and they all have security measures in place...how does he get the gun in? He may get it past the fence, but it will certainly not get into the school  How many guards: As many as needed to be effective. I guess that means that it would depend on the size of the school and number of students wouldn't it?  And tell me, what was the set pattern of crime exhibited by the 2 shooters at Columbine? And how is it that authorities missed them? There was no security in place to stop them in the first place. (unless you are suggesting that cops should be more intuitive...and the should have guessed that the shooters were going to do something that very morning. Perhaps then they could have been waiting to pick them up.) And you say that they missed this pattern of behavior because "bleeding heart leftist extremist do not like to punish criminals". But are you also the one saying that treating innocent people as criminals is wrong? So how is it that you expect authorities to treat these 2 as criminals and punish them before they committed their crime? Again, it comes down to simple logic that if someone had stopped these kids at the door, they would have never gotten into the school and killed 13 people.   And funny enough...you never did actually tell me what your plan is to stop school shootings. I find it rather funny that you can spend so much time pointing out percieved flaws in others plans, but when pressed, you have no plan of your own. Typical of extremist logic.
How many security fences are you going to have around schools? The fact is criminals will always get guns into a school no matter how many fences you put around it. You just do not want to admit this!  You have so little faith. Yes, a very determined and very resourceful criminal can do just about everything, gun laws or no. However, having at least minimal security will prevent someone from simply walking in with a gun   The fact is if you did allow people to carry guns at schools( now I said people not kids) most if not all people working for the schools would not carry them. Why simple most people do not want to deal with the legal hassle that comes with carrying a gun. This alone shoots down you rambo bs. So every time you vilify a law-abiding citizen for carrying a gun you just make yourself look foolish. Why? Simple because you have no documentation to prove there was ever a shootout that you rant and rave about!  Wait, don't you want to do away with all that "legal hassle" in the name of freedom? The only people I'm villifying are those who commit crimes.
You are the one that wants to fence off schools in the name of safety. You are the one that demands all law-abiding citizens be disarmed in the name of safety.  1. I never said I wanted to fence off schools. That was someone else.  2. I never said all citizens be disarmed. We are talking about certain places being gun-free.  3. Many schools are already fenced off. Why do they do this?    I pointed out that criminals will not obey the laws about gun free zones. I pointed out that law-abiding citizens will be the only people to obey gun free zones.  When has anyone said that criminals will obey gun free zones? You keep saying this, but no one has ever disagreed with you. You point out things that nobody disagrees with.    Just look back at your post to read how you vilified law-abiding citizens with guns!  Gun free zones will keep only law-abiding citizens from having guns in them. Criminals will simply walk into gun free zones with guns. Criminals will do this in many ways. If there is a fence around the gun free zone the criminal will simply throw the gun over the fence to another criminal. If there is a check point with a metal detector a criminal will create a disturbance to distract the security officer then walk past the check point.  I must be blind. Where have I vilified law-abiding citizens. You think it's so easy to get around security ;) Perhaps if you try to "create a disturbance" to get a gun past security at an airport we'll see how far you get.
Gun free zones will only disarm law-abiding citizens. Gun free zones will not disarm criminals since criminals will not obey gun free zones.  Have you put your chant to music yet?   Want an example of a gun free zone failing to keep guns off of airplanes? The NYC airport where an airplane was discovered with drugs and guns on it!  Wow, I guess we should do away with security at airports, instead of finding out what failed and how to fix it.   Read back and to see how you vilify gun owners! I am not going to post your quotes vilify law-abiding gun owners.  And I assert that I have not villified gun owners in any of my posts :)
JustAnotherGuy  Keep your gun out of my son's school.  DONE!  emoticon_xbye
Here is the very first post of this thread. Why do gun free zones not work? Because criminals do not obey the laws against having guns in gun free zones.  Make jokes all you want, you cannot argue with the fact that gun free zones only disarm the law-abiding citizens!  :xbanghead    Again with another joke when you cannot win an argument about gun free zones not keeping guns away from criminals!  It will help keep those guns that they have out of the gun free zones, though.    Claim whatever you want, just read back and you will see them. Then again racists never see what is wrong with their logic. Maybe this would apply to people that want to disarm law-abiding citizens by the use of gun free zones. Gun free zones that will do nothing to keep criminals from having guns! Blinded by hatred.  Perhaps if you post where I villified gun owners it would open my eyes and my heart. emoticon_xlove
More jokes to attempt to distract away from the fact that gun free zones do not keep guns away from criminals. Gun free zones will only keep law-abiding citizens from having guns.  You're completely useless to talk to. You don't answer anything, simply restate your mantra.
Gee and anti gun/gun control advocates do not do this!   The fact that criminals will not obey your laws about gun free zones really makes you mad?  Nobody ever disputed the fact that criminals do not obey the laws. This is a no-brainer for most of us here. We know it, we accept it, you don't need to keep saying it. This is why they are called criminals. Instead of saying it over and over, why not state how it applies to the argument. As I have said, only with enforcement can we make gun free zones effective. I wonder if J Brady would have an opinion on this?
Try telling the criminals to do that! The criminals will not keep guns out of gun free zones.  emoticon_xbye Why should an average thug risk to get busted at the school entrance?
I don;t think we have a problem with average thugs showing up in schools anyway. I just wrote the short version of something I posted too often. One of my points pro gun-free zones is, that nowadays the "average thug" can go to school armed wothout anyone trying to prevent it. So he is quite a threat as soon as he starts to bully someone or wants someone's money.  With gun-controls at the school entrance, these guys would think twice about being armed at school imho. Why should they risk to get arrested for just bringing in a gun? Further investigations by the police could follow and other crimes might get discovered. So he risks a trip to jail just because he carried a gun in school. He really might think about keeping his little crimes out on the streets.
If I may interject a comment or two here, Comedian, I would suggest a few things. First, the no guns free school zones were a kneejerk reaction to a series of events that really had nothing to do with the 'average thug', though in all honesty, I'm not sure exactly what an average thug is. I gather, and please inform me if I'm wrong, an 'average thug' is what normally we would call a bully or a bully and his band of co-bullies. These kinds of people are about extortion, intimidation, and coercion.  I used the term "average thug" because I don't know how to call them else. I was talking about small-class criminals whose crimes are theft, blackmail and such. These crimes are easier to commit with a weapon in hand imo.  The rash of school shootings in the nineties were about fear, hate, being bullied, rejection, feelings of inadequacies, ect. The handful, and statistically the stats are almost insignificent, of instances of school shootings were the result of a system that encourages peer pressure, ridicule of students, and an attempt at payback of the offending person or persons. Remember the incident when the assistant school principal ran to his car, parked away from the school zone, retrieved his pistol, went back and held the perp at bay until the cops could arrive? Another incident is the case at Columbine. The security guard, to the best of my knowlege was armed, but ran when the murderers started shooting. Any good person with a firearm could probably defused the incident and some may not have died. By the time the cops got there, it basically was all over.   No, the 'average thug/s' are not the ones we're talking about here. Someone determined to wreak havoc in a school, or anyplace else, will not let simple things like detectors or 'no gun zone signs' stop him/her. An armed teacher or two just may very well do so. School shootings like in Littleton couldn't have been prevented in a gun-free school. Those kids were out to kill as much people as possible. But they hadn't been able to enter the school cafeteria and classrooms because their guns would have been detected at the entrance. So a shooting would certainly had started but maybe it would have cost less lives. Also note that I am aware that it would need a few trained securities at the entrances who would act if necessary. And they could certainly provide more safety than an armed teacher (apart from the chilling thought of an armed teacher in general).
 If you post security men at the doors and metal detectors, you have just picked the first two victims. Unless, of course, you want the security men to be armed. IF you want them armed, why not let law abiding citizens who have passed a background check, a firearms safety check, and a marksmanship test carry their guns?  Generally, the goal of the gun-free zones is to limit the number of guns. That is why the security guards would, but others would not.
I guess what I am not understanding is why your "average thug" would want to go to a school in the first place. There isn't really anything there they woudl want to steal, high scholl kids don;t really have any money to speak of, or at least don;t carry it around with them if they DO have some money, so why would they be there in the first place?  He goes there because he his a pupil. And being armed makes trouble makers feel stronger and meaner.  I don;t think crime in our schools is nearly as big a problem as a lot of people make it out to be. Yes, there is some drug dealing that goes on there. Big deal. Stataistically, most of the school shootings fall into the lyttleton category, somebody decides to kill a bunch of people. A school is a pretty good choice if you want ot kill a bunch of people, because there is not likely to be much resistance.  I am not American so maybe I assume some situation that is not true. But isn't violence in general, not big news stories like murder, a problem in schools in big cities? And wouldn't it therefore be good to keep the violence as low as possible?  If you post security men at the doors and metal detectors, you have just picked the first two victims. Unless, of course, you want the security men to be armed. IF you want them armed, why not let law abiding citizens who have passed a background check, a firearms safety check, and a marksmanship test carry their guns? Encouraging pupils to spend their free time learning how to shoot because this makes their school life safer would be a capitulation to violence imo. ;)  And armed security men would be slightly different to cops or security men seen at other locations; and just because their are the only persons who are legally allowed to carry guns at the place they get some automatic authority as well.
Comedian, you're smarter than this. Once they have committed to killing, why worry about detectors at the entrance to the cafeteria and classrooms. It's doubtful if they would have been there anyway. ( detectors )   Remember, those two kids had planned on using homemade explosives to kill even more, as well as causing immense damage to the school. Is it better to force them to start a potential killing spree outside of the school or should they be able to sneak in with all of their guns?    How many? Ten? Fifteen?  The cost would be prohibitive. It takes less to secure an airport check-in. ;)  And you spend 1 billion per day on your military. A few millions to get safer schools should be left somewhere.   Why? How? The armed guard turned tail and ran, leaving the school, kids, and teachers, to the perps mercy. If only 3 or 4 of the teachers had been armed and trained, the chances are very few, if any, would have died. Does a teacher become less qualified to teach because he/she is armed? Would they not have a vested interest in trying to diffuse the incident. The two perps were cowards. The guard doesn't stand for all others out there. And no one can tell you that an armed teacher wouldn't run away from two killers as well.  And although I might be wrong about the violence issue, I still think that the gun-free zone at schools would show people that this place is about learning and that we are better nowadays than just shooting to solve problems. A decrease in safety would certainly be not the case.
Outside is not where they care to do the killing, but suppose as in the case where the two did stay outside and cut them down, where is the detectors, armed guards, and everything else that supposedly deters them.  A Littleton incident cannot be prevented when the killers are already on their way to kill. I already said so.    Do we put an armed guard outside every classroom? Every restroom? Every door into the auditorium? At the entrances.   Comedian, staistically, the school shootings are insignificent. The odds are against it. No school is going to spend thousands or 1oos of thousands of dollars for that. You know it. Besides, this is not a federal problem. Call me pigheaded on this but I still think that a school is a wrong place for guns and weapons in general.    Then what the hell is he there for? Would you cut and run? Hell, any kind of firepower against those bastards would probably have pinned them down Sorry, I think I expressed myself wrong. I meant to say that this guard was a bad example as it is obviously not a guard's job to run away.   Possibly, but several armed and trained teachers, on the scene, working together, would more than likely hold the day. For some reason, I get the impression you consider any other that armed police or security personel as being dunderheads. If I'm wrong, I apologize, but hell, those teachers lives are at stake, as well. Remember, there was one killed at Columbine. Do you want a teachers militia to secure schools? Their main concern should be to educate, nรณt to observe the scene.    Comedian, we're not talking about everyday occurences. Those occurences were anomalies. Pupils that can legally go to school armed still frighten me in some way. There are always too many XXXXXX who like to show off and injure someone with a weapon.    So far, those free zones haven't done a lot of good. So they have at least done a bit of good? ;)
Comedian, I had written a nice epistle regarding the post last evening. Alas and alack, due to this wonderful Compaq choosing that moment to 'do the hangups', I had to abort the mission, and was just too tired to do it again. I'll try to hit the high points. Np. Don't we just love our computers and I-net connections? ;) Thx for bothering about still replying.  Okay, you're pigheaded! Lol! There, does that make you feel better? It's not about feeling better. It's also not meant as an excuse but rather as an explanation for my (maybe stubborn) attitude I show sometimes. I'll try to change that but as what we are discussing here is also a big cultural thing, we probably won't get much common agreements. What shouldn't be an obstacle to further discussions.   That's okay. We all are woefully lacking, at times, to express ourselves correctly. No Problem. BTW, we agree. Thanks.  99.99 % of the time, they would be teaching. It would probably never be necessary to ever do otherwise, but this asks a question. If your child was in a school such as Columbine when the **** hit the fan, would you have been glad there was a teacher or teachers present, armed, but not to the knowlege of the perps, that were willing to place themselves in danger to protect your kid/s? To me, it's a no brainer, but hey, that's just me. I was exaggerating. But to stick to this one could argue that trashmen also don't get taught about proper shooting. It is the cultural difference again, I think. Imo the police should be the ones that use force, teachers not.  The chances are your fears are groundless. Kids use to be able to take firearms to school and never killed anyone by doing stupid things. They can't even take a pocketknife to school any longer. Someone will bitch and raise hell about it. Difference is again that I believe that a school should be weapon-free per se. But I admit that I cannot really back this up with a safety argument. Not after some of you serious posters told me that violence doesn't seem to be such an issue in the US (although I still think that situations at big high schools in big cities like LA or Chicago might be different).   Is this truly a fear, or are you attempting to transfer what you may do, in like circumstances, to others. I have two grandsons I would trust implicitly to take firearms to school. They both have been taught and know what a firearm is capable of. I worry much more about them driving. I think when you teach them about proper gun care, you are looking after their driving skills as well. ;) I also think that they are the positive example. How many kids really get a decent lesson or more about gun use?  But it is the difference in cultures again. I think I can sum it up: We got a situation that isn't too much of a problem (school violence). To prevent any from happening, you say that everything is fine the way it is, you just don't have a real proof due to the lack of violence(now THAT sounds weird). Same goes for me, but due to my background I think that we should also take this situation as a chance to change people's mentality. And were better to start than in school?  Btw: May I ask about your age?  :p  Not from how I see it. Matter of opinion. But so it is for me. :)
No, I don't have problems with cultural differences. I guess what truly amazes me, though, is the over reaction by do gooders in general to situations that are reallt extreme anomalies, and have this mistaken idea they can save the world by outlawing this, that, or the other. It somewhat amazes me as well, that when the Brits take a dump, the Canadians and Aussies think they must too. It seems more aki to the world empire syndrome, the Brits use to have. After reading a few anti-gun pages from US gun-control lobbyists, I can understand your amazement.  Pardon my questioning this statement, but I see little comparison between trashmen, who are charged with keeping the trash cans safe, and teachers, charged with keeping their students safe. Reason for this comparison was, that I really don't ever think about teachers who protect their pupils with force. In my imagination teachers teach, trashmen clean up and policemen are there to protect the citizens. Cultural difference, I raised up with the above seperation of work.    Uh huh. Brings to mind the old saying, 'where are the cops when you need them the most?' True.  There is a certain amount of violence in all schools, to a degree, and I admit that, but it doesn't take the form of a vendetta killing, so much, as at Columbine. But, in my opinion, this is the very reason some teachers should be armed. The anomalies will arise and transpire and the cops damned sure can't be everywhere at once. See above about my thoughts on armed teachers. And I really don't know if teachers who had to shoot in school can attend their job again equally well (although this probably goes for attacked teachers as well).   Maybe in the abstract, but not in dealing with reality. A pistol or rifle round deals with so much energy measured usually by velocity and foot pounds of energy. A kid, especially a kid that hunts or possibly target shoots, or even just 'plinks' at tin cans, can see a certain amount of damage that a bullet can do. Very few will ever equate that with a much more deadly force of a 3000 pound projectile traveling at a high rate of speed and generating a hell of a lot more energy. As we got rising numbers of youths being killed in car accidents I understand your concern. But kids see pictures of accidents every day and so should be able to realize about the risk. News about killed kids in traffic proof me wrong in this but don't news about gun incidents do so as well?  Then possibly it's time to start doing this in the very schools we are talking about with training beginning at a very young age and graduating into actual firearm competitions by middle school and high school. If guns are allowed at schools it should be the schools duty to teach the kids about the do's and dont's with guns. I don't think that they needed to do shooting practice but teaching gun safety shouldn't take too much time.  But as I am generally opposed to guns, you'll understand that it is hard for me to stand in for such a school subject (because it would be a redundant subject in my society). ;)   There is violence, but really not the type that generates national media coverage as the anomalies of school shootings do. The Pols then don't think they have to APPEAR to be doing something positive, trying to generate votes or publicity for bigger and better political positions. When politicians (if you meant them with 'Pols') act too hasty it is always suspicious. :)   Yeah, you can ask. I so old, dirt was named after me.        Actually I'm 68! I am still shouting "Shooterman" into my garden but no answers yet. ;)  Congrats for your age! I hope I will have as much energy as you at that age to discuss with young wiseacres, like you do with us.
I don't either, but I believe the truly good teachers, given proper counseling, could overcome their problems. Even if thet, couldn't, I believe mostgood teachers would consider it sacrifice well paid. If the attitude towards guns and crime is 'liberal' (I mean guns are regarded as nothing special) that is maybe a possible way.  Youth and its encompassing blessings, never think it can happen to them. They are almost invincible. It is sad but I think everyone has to agree here.   You would think so, but my experience says it's not so. traffic accidents are usually treated by the media in a locale, but unless a massive one, very seldom mentioned on national TV, whereas a school shooting like Columbine is news for days or weeks. The fallout from Columbine is still making waves. But does everday gun crime make good headlines? I think that most of the crime issues are covered by the Media with equal attention as traffic accidents; means: the more dead, the higher the quote, thus more cameras and reporters (dirty vampires...).  The Columbine fallout isn't much of a surprise too me because it was just too much of it. A few dead get forgotten quite fast but a massacre like this, and such a Media hype as it happened, will be remembered for many years if not decades. And if not abused in either way this doesn't have to be bad.   Absolutely. That nasty old NRA has a program they usually will present to the lowest grades free of charge, but the GGs are so afraid of proslytizing, on the part of the NRA, they, in many instances, kill the program before it gets started. Maybe they should simply create a new office or install a new part in an existing one to calm people down. But maybe this is just a too easy suggestion from a foreigner. ;)   Should it be? Let them offer shooting as a sports course but don't force them to take these course in addition to the gun-safety subject. If they feel the need to learn more, they will enlist on their own.    I understand the quandry, but not the reasoning. I wanted to say that it is hard for me to admit that a bit pro-gun could do some good. But I didn't understand the word 'quandry' so maybe my reply makes no sense.    Almost all of the major legislation passed by our congresscritters in the last seventy years has been to kneejerk reactions to a percieved problem concerning firearms. The true can be said to a large extent about the Brits.  We got a big freak out about dog laws in Germany (yes, you read correctly) after a so-called fighting dog (I don't know if this is the right term in English) attacked and killed a child. Of course it was a terrible incident but the result in laws did nothing to better the situation but confused lots of people (as well as it costed a bit).  I think your concern about gun laws is similar.  But not every gun law has to be wrong and unneccessary.   :p    As I told my doctor, I've got a 25 year old mind stuck in a 68 year old body. Growing old ain't for sissies. :p :p :p :p I think I'll find out soon enough. ;)
In effect, there is nothing special about firearms. What is special is the right of every free man to be armed. Not the tool, but the right. Agreed, but one comes with the other. And if a right and therefore the tool is in effect for over 200 years than it is a part of society. That's why I argue about things like gun-free zones or armed passengers, not banning guns in the US alltogether. That would be an unrealistic goal for the far future.  I've skipped a lot, as I don't believe we're too far apart on some things. Give me a month with you down here in my baliwick, I'll turn you into a gun lover.:p No, thanks. :)  I shot a lot during my military service (where the real fun with guns begins) and it really is fun and it certainly gives you an immense feeling of power (the last can be good and bad). But I don't think that introducing guns into our gun-free society would lower our crime rate; which isn't too alarming anyway.   I'm not too sure I follow this. My suggestion was to install some kind of agency (that was what I meant with 'office') that supervises the whole gun safety subject. Schools had an official partner throughout the country and old prejudices between the NRA and anti-gunners would be needless. But I am not sure if this would even be possible because maybe this would fall under state law.   As long as the programs are offered, I don't have a problem with this. Are there already any or is it forbidden to introduce shooting clubs in schools?   My bad, the word should have been quandary; a state of perplexity or doubt. Predicament, dilemma, or plight. Ok, thanks. Although I wouldn't have known this one either. ;)   We've got that problem, as well. The only thing that all countries seem to have in common is maybe the non-lack of crappy politicians.  :p   The problem, Comedian, is these laws are passed with little thought about how effective they will be. Why pass them if the don't perform as promised? In that case a law is useless. I hope this is not a too big problem in the US in general when it comes about new laws?
Violence in schools is not a problem in the US. YOu are more likely to be struck by lightning than to be injured due to violence in an American school. Unfortunatly, the anti gunners like to use example of the few times that there are violent episodes in our schools to push their agenda. I think that they most likely sit at home with their fingers crossed just waiting for columbine type massacres so they can rally the american public and get stupid laws passed.    Difference is that we cannot control lightning, we can control kids bringing guns into schools and killing other kids. Or do you just seem to think that a few dead children once in a while is acceptable, as long as your personal freedom is no way decreased? My agenda is certainly not "anti-gun", it is anti-gun crime. I am all for guns, I own 8 of them myself. I just think something needs to be done to prevent this type of tragedy from happening in the future. IMHO, one dead child gunned down by another child in school is a huge problem, one that deserves attention.
Why is it every time an extreme leftist defends gun control laws it is in the name of safety? Not once will you hear an extreme leftist defend the rights of the law-abiding citizen to defend themselves.   Come on extreme leftist communist please defend the rights of the law-abiding citizens and not the rights of the criminal!  First off, let me say welcome! It is nice to have a new person to debate with around here. Seems like every now and then people seem to just disappear right in the middle of an argument. emoticon_smile   Now, what is wrong with safety? Do you equate gun control with gun ban? I have not seen many people on here who have a problem with law abiding citizens defending themselves...people have only asked that they do so within the scope of the law. Doing so outside of the law makes them not law abiding citizens, but criminals. Perhaps you should apply your logic to some examples so we can try to get an idea where you are coming from.   Again, I don't think I have seen too many people who have defended the rights of criminals here. Can you give examples? And I for one support someones right to own a gun, carry and use it in self defense, except where not allowed by law. Examples would be schools and airplanes. (there is much to read here about these 2 subjects, perhaps you might want to go read a little of those posts...they are very interesting.) I think laws stating that you should not be allowed to carry guns onto airplanes or into schools are examples of common sense gun control laws meant to protect people. Of course we all know that only when properly enforced will these laws actually keep the guns out...as criminals do not obey laws, so proper enforcement is required. Not all gun control laws make sense. Many are frivolous laws designed to harrass the general gun owning population simply because someone else is not comfortable around guns.
The only people that disappear in the middle of arguments are the ones that you cannot force to compromise. Like the people that disappear when the communists cannot persuade them to see it the way communist sees things. Hate group members like you can only resort to these tactics when you cannot push your goal to ban a right! It is clear you have a problem with people that will speak out against your agenda of banning the rights of other people! You have a problem with two rights! You may have a problem with three rights when you start forcing people to comply with unconstitutional searches for guns in the name of safety!     The only people that have a problem with law-abiding citizens having guns are people like you that defends gun control laws that only effect the law-abiding citizen!  Whoa Whoa Whoa. What is with all of the hostility? I think that is a little uncalled for don't you? Jeesh, I welcome you to the board and you attack me...very immature on your part. And calling me a hate group member is certainly not appreciated. I ask that you not refer to me in this manner again.   How exactly am I calling for the banning of rights? I am not sure where you get this idea from. Also, I have no problem with anyone who speaks out against my views, so long as they do not find it neccesary to be insulting while doing so. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, if you do not agree with my opinion, you are more than welcome to debate against it.   The only gun control laws that I really support are the laws stating that you may not carry a gun in certain places. While yes, this may affect law abiding citizens by not allowing them to carry their guns with them, criminals and terrorists are not allowed to carry them either. It is not meant to take your rights away, it is meant to prevent guns from being introduced into areas where they are deamed to be dangerous and innapropriate, ie schools and airplanes.
Gee a post removed! Why is it anyone that you warn is banned?  Why would people, run a debate forum only to ban people they cannot force to submit to their communistic agenda?   If there is a debate on gun haters wanting to ban guns then let both sides speak evenly. As we have been demonstrated, gun haters can attack and vilify gun owners at will. Anytime a gun owner replies in the manner of a gun hater. The gun owner is threatened with banishment. Stalin, Hitler, and Sarah Brady would be proud of the gun haters on this forum!  Bad news son, I am not the moderator, take it up with them. And perhaps the reason that some people are banned is that despite repeated requests to quit using offensive terms and language, and after warnings from the moderator or admin, they continue to do so. Terms such as "gun hater". I am sure this has been covered before.   I am all for open and fervent debate. I debate with Rev. and the others on this forum without problems. While we may not agree on a whole lot of the issues, we at least can disagree in a civil manner, without resorting to name calling and childish behavior. And I like how you call yourself a gun owner and I (presumably from your text) and others are all gun haters. I actually happen to be a gun owner myself. I am also a person who understands that by not allowing people (including this gun owning citizen---me) to carry guns on board an aircraft or into a school, we are providing for the greater safety of the flying population. Now if you want to debate, please...debate. If you wish to continue to complain and be offensive, you have that right as well.
how can they revoke an ammendment? it isnt the guns causing the violence, its what the owners do with them. just because some XXXXXX go on random killing sprees doesnt mean that every1 should suffer from there conciquences. now what can happen is that there can b more filtered ways for you to own a legal gun, but then the black market will just be gettin hit up like crazy. revoke guns and more illegal guns will be bought. allow people to own them, but forcing them to register will allow you to catch killers more quickly if they choose to use the gun for killing. i mean...if people start using pencils as weapons and stabbing mass people will they then revoke pencils from school? it doesnt make sense, any thing can b made into a deadly weapon...its all on what the use does with it. so all in all, taking guns away will be stupid and just cause more people to own illegal guns so it wont solve n e thing! A gun can be used by a criminal much easier than a knife (comparable to your pencil example). With a gun you can threat and potentially harm your victim from a distance and everyone could do so. With a knife you have to get into close contact and then you also have to hit your victim quite hard and it is a dirty thing. Criminals use the easiest option.
Actually, there is a fairly interesting paper at http://www.catb.org/~esr/guns/gun-control.html that I think is fairly telling. IT is 56 pages long, so make sure you have some time beofre digging in.     I didn't read the entire article, but you do have to aknowlege, that whether or not he is right, he is not unbiased...he admitadly is a gun rights advocate...  Also, I don't think that the main concern that people have with no restirctions on guns is children having accidents with them, criminals breaking in to someone's house and using them against them, etc. It is how easy anyone can get any type of weapon in this country, and it is how seemingly most gun rights advocates oppose ANY type of regulation concerning guns.
And just how are the criminals and terroists to be kept from entering a school while armed? Airplanes, probably with some of the new technology, but schools, or bars, or post offices, or government buildings? Just a law that says it is illegal, surely is not going to work.  emoticon_xdonno  Laws simply create an environment by which limits are set. Enforcement of those laws ensures compliance. As for schools and government buildings, make it just like airports. Actually, most government buildings already use security (screeners / metal detectors / etc.) to enforce these laws. Schools should certainly follow suit, and some have already. It is a minor inconvenience to some, but another Columbine might be a major inconvenience. I, as well as everyone else that posts here, know that criminals do not follow the law, even before several people pointed it out 300 times. This is common sense.
Yet that is an argument used by most LIB DIM GGs. Now there may be some consternation as to my use of that term, but gun control is for most purposes, the baliwick of those same minions.  It will always be easy for the crimiinals to acquire those weapons. Nine million anti-gun laws will not change that.   What is a LIN DIM GG?
Why would gun control measures like keeping a register of all the guns sold and who to permantly, or vetting people who buy guns beforehand be a threat to a law abiding citizen, all it will do is make investigations of crimes easier and make it that much harder to get guns for a criminal. I think that something similar to a driving test for firearms seems reasonable, make sure that people know how to safely store and use guns as well as making them feel safer using them.  I am curious how this makes me a communist though;)
Correct,you all know that criminals do not follow the law. So,what is another law going to do to prevent criminals from using a gun in a crime?????????  To which proposed law are you reffering to? I agree that the majority of gun control laws are ****. Some make sense. I only support common sense gun control measures, thing such as no guns in schools, no guns on airplanes, background checks for the sale of all firearms, tougher sentences for crimes in which guns are used, etc. I don't know which proposed gun control measure you are speaking of. My main argument is that the common sense laws that we have in place need to be enforced.  Without enforcement, any law is pointless. There are some on this forum that state that any law restricting the right to own or use a gun is unconstitutional, and I feel that this is a dangerous theory. The courts over the last 30 years have never been able to agree on a firm and binding interpretation of the constitution on the 2nd amendment, it has been taken on a case by case basis it seems. I think if we really want to make progress on the issue, we first need to interpret the constitution to apply to modern America.
If this is your belief on the gun control issue,then we are on the same page. All the things you mentioned such as ,no guns in schools,airplanes,background checks are all enforced as we speak. I also agree with you on the enforcement issue.A majority of gun owners are pressing this very issue.We ask the question."Why make new laws when the old ones are not enforced?  We have seen vast improvement over the past couple years on aircraft/airport security...however it has a long way to go.  As far as enforcement of gun laws in school, they are not being enforced. This is an issue that needs to be addressed soon, before another shooting takes place. Few schools are actually proactive in security. Making a law and posting it is not enforcement of the law.   And I am not even for enforcing half of the old ones when half of the old laws make little or no sense, and do not benefit either side of the argument. We need to enact common sense measures...and enforce them. That means getting rid of a good many of these inane laws. Laws about magazine capacity, assault weapons, "cop killer bullets", etc... make no difference in the prevention of terrorism, school shootings, or assorted other gun violence. And quite frankly, I don't care about all gun violence. If 2 drug dealers want to shoot each other for control of their corner, great. But if a 12 year old wants to carry a gun into my sons school and kill 13 or so people because he was picked on too much, I have a real problem. To me, there are just some places and situations where guns do not belong.
Hmm, young age not really sure about, I wouldn't allow anyone who can not be held fully leagally responisible for their actions to have a gun, same with cars. Though this is a little different in the US from the UK I think.    Okay, let's presume we are to do these wonderful things you suggest; whatother RIGHTS will be infringed upon? To worship? Free speech? The right to not be forced to incriminate ones self? Same source for all!  All these things are infringed on to make a working society, suicide bombers are not protected by their religion even if they beleive that it is requiredd of them, libel and slander still exist in a place with free speach. Why should the right to bear arms be any different from these, with the right comes the responsibilty to practise it sensibly.
Sounds sensibly restricting to me, not letting them harm others, but seeing as that does include censorship for free speech, censorship for guns doesn't seem to much different- you can watch violent films if you are deemed responsible enough to do so, not much of a stretch to put the same limit on guns, seeing as it is already like that anyway (criminals can't always get them legally, not sure about the mentally ill though I guess it changes from state to state).  As for your RPG-7, depends on what you beleive the fundamental belief behind your society should be and how far you want to take it and what you are willing to change. You are only really running into problems if the government decides there isn't anything legal you could actually do with it and whether you/it beleives you can strike first in self defence.
Important thing with it is whether you beleive you can act in pre-emptive self defense, are you allowed to shoot in defense before you yourself have been shot at, or must you have be absolutely sure that the aggressor is trying to kill you as oppsed to threatening you. If so, the government would be just making the same descion when it decides to take it off you unless it was absolutely sure you did only intend to sleep with it. Would you object to increasing levels of safety training and permits if it let you freely have these kind of weapons (owning such a weapon and not storing it somewhere where it would be next to impossible to steal would be reckless and seriously endanger others)?   On the otherhand, I personally wouldn't do anything to XXXX off a guy with a RPG.
You don't think there is a level where certain weaponry becomes excessive, there seems to me to be a difference between what the 2nd amendments purpose is (to ensure a free democracy and prevent tyranny) and what it is primarily used to defend (the right to bear arms for self defense). Or is this latter right covered elsewhere, for the latter owning an RPG seems unessary, it is not really a suitable weapon for self defense but actually against the government it seems pretty feeble (you would really need something far larger to actually threaten the government- but where is the line between concerned citizen and nuclear armed terrorist capable of threatening the goverment/bringing it back in line. An extreme example but seems the end conclusion of not putting a cap on the the type of weapon allowed, especially if the top level weapons are there more for protection against the government).  As for the rapist analogy, not quite right as there are other reasonable uses for a penis, wheras an RPG has far fewer other than causing death. You talk about not showing imminant threat, but if a lion was wandering about would you wait for him to attack before deciding that having lions in cities is a bad idea and it being outside a controlled environment is a threat?
But it had to have a purpose other than to let people have guns, there is nothing magical about guns that makes them great, it is the function that people want them for. The two reasons most people mention when they refer to the original intentions of the the 2nd amendment are self defense and an insurance against tyranny. I am just saying I don't see how the RPG fits into either of those catagories.
Never said that the 2nd Am actually said it was for self defense, but this is the thing it primarily is used to defend nowadays. Just look at a lot of the other threads on this forum.  Not all sex is rape, and the majority of cases it will not be- however in almost every case where you would want to kill someone with an RPG it would be, unless it has been given to you as part of the military. Other than in the uprising situation you mentioned there is no other need for one, would you agree with this? I just doubt that an armed populance could really stop the government if it turned tyrannical, the situation in Iraq is quite different as they theorectiaclly just need to be costly enough to control that popular support turns against US forces being there, in a civil war that isn't going to happen.
"Freedom, as those versed in even rudimentary political science know, comes in two variants, freedom 'from,' and freedom 'to.' Both of these are crucial in American society. We all want freedoms 'to' do things that benefit us, and we want freedoms from things that harm us."   Do you want to have more freedom by giving up your guns? We could have freedom from gun violence and freedom from high taxes that are caused by thousands of gun injuries each year.   "The cost of firearm injuries in the US in 1990 was an estimated $20.4 billion. This includes $1.4 billion for direct expenditures for health care and related goods, $1.6 billion in lost productivity resulting from injury-related disability, and $17.4 billion in lost productivity from premature death. (Max and Rice, 1993)....There you have it: costs of up to $20 billion, most of which is borne by the taxpayer, which limits our rights and freedoms. Hundreds of thousands of injuries, limiting the freedoms of those shot, and tens of thousands of deaths, completely halting those freedoms.    "Rights come from one of two places. Either they are granted by God, or they are formed in agreement among people. Since God, although an important part of American society, has no official place in American government, our system of rights is based on an implicit social contract, one in which the general goal is to maximize freedom. Only when the American public comes to its senses and realizes that guns cost more than they are worth, will we all agree to limit one freedom, to provide us with another.  "This is also known as the 'workability' argument, or by some, the 'I refuse to submit' argument. How can we possibly get people to 'give up their guns'? Well, as I indicated above, we can't, unless they are willing to. This is why I advocate explaining the costs of guns as much as possible, and fighting the gun lobby at every turn. Only when we convince gun owners that their guns are dangerous to the freedoms of others can we hope to succeed. If nobody buys the argument, and everybody wants guns, then all I can (and will) do is continue to attempt to persuade otherwise. But I believe that when looking at the problem honestly and evaluating the tremendous costs of guns to our freedoms, and their relatively minimal returns on such, we as a society will decide to maximize our freedoms by giving up the guns."   http://www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/freedom.htm  Are you willing to make America freer by giving up your guns? Pro-gunners love to pay lip service to the idea of freedom, but are they willing to make the necessary sacrifice for the cause of freedom?
"Guns in the United States - Easy Access to Deadly Weapons  There are approximately 192 million privately owned firearms in the U.S. - 65 million of which are handguns.[1]  Currently, an estimated 39% of households have a gun, while 24% have a handgun.[2]  In 1998 alone, licensed firearms dealers sold an estimated 4.4 million guns, 1.7 million of which were handguns.[3] Additionally, it is estimated that 1 to 3 million guns change hands in the secondary market each year, and many of these sales are not regulated.[4]  Gun Deaths and Injury - The United States Leads the World in Firearm Violence  In 1998, 30,708 people in the United States died from firearm-related deaths - 12,102 (39%) of those were murdered; 17,424 (57%) were suicides; 866 (3%) were accidents; and in 316 (1%) the intent was unknown.[5] In comparison, 33,651 Americans were killed in the Korean War and 58,193 Americans were killed in the Vietnam War.[6]  For every firearm fatality in the United States, there are two non-fatal firearm injuries.[7]  In 1996, handguns were used to murder 2 people in New Zealand, 15 in Japan, 30 in Great Britain, 106 in Canada and 9,390 in the United States.[8]  In 1999, there were only 154 justifiable homicides by private citizens in the United States.[9]  Gun Violence - Young Lives Cut Short  In 1998, more than 10 children and teenagers, ages 19 and under, were killed with guns everyday.[10]  In 1998, gunshot wounds were the second leading cause of injury death for men and women 10-24 years of age - second only to motor vehicle crashes.[11]  In 1998, firearm homicide was the leading cause of death for black males ages 15-34.[12]  From 1993 through 1997, an average of 1,409 children and teenagers took their own lives with guns each year.[13]  Each year during 1993 through 1997, an average of 1,621 murderers who had not reached their 18th birthdays took someone's life with a gun.[14]  Guns in the Home - A Greater Risk to Family and Friends  For every time a gun is used in a home in a legally-justifiable shooting [note that every self-defense is legally justifiable] there are 22 criminal, unintentional, and suicide-related shootings.[15]  The presence of a gun in the home triples the risk of homicide in the home.[16]  The presence of a gun in the home increases the risk of suicide fivefold.[17]  The Economic Costs of Gun Violence - All Americans Pay a High Price  A study of all direct and indirect costs of gun violence including medical, lost wages, and security costs estimates that gun violence costs the nation $100 billion a year.[18]  The average total cost of one gun crime can be as high as $1.79 million, including medical treatment and the prosecution and imprisonment of the shooter.[19]  At least 80 percent of the economic costs of treating firearm injuries are paid for by taxpayer dollars.[20,21]" http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/factsheets/?page=firefacts  Children are killed with guns each day, not just criminals. 80% of the medical costs of treating gun injuries are paid for by taxpayers. Guns mean higher taxes. And there are only 154 justifiable homicides out of tens of thousands of gun deaths each year. That's not what I call freedom.
Well, geez, I wasn't trying to chase anyone off. Hell, I just wanted an even handed discussion. How about this:  Q: What are the real numbers on the use of firearms for self-defense?  A: According to the US Department of Justice:  On average per year in 1987-92, about 62,200 victims of violent crime, about 1% of all victims of violence, used a firearm to defend themselves. Another 20,300 used a firearm to defend their property during a theft, household burglary, or motor vehicle theft.  I got that from http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/faqs/?page=ccwfaq  It's on the low end of the "defensive gun uses per year" debate that goes on, but it still indicates that guns helped to defend people during the course of 82,500 violent and property crimes.  VOR, are you still there? Why do you think the Bradys have that on their website? They know that guns are used much more often to commit crimes than in self defense. From that same US Department of Justice report: "Handguns were used in an estimated 917,500 non-fatal crimes, almost 50 percent more than the average for the previous five years. The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported an additional 13,200 handgun homicides during the same year, a 24 percent increase over the five-year average." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/press/hvfsdaft.pr Almost a million crimes commited with guns (and that's just handguns) and less than 100,000 guns used in self defense.
Most likely becasue that was the last year the DOJ attempted to compile such a figure. It was only after the FBI (much to the embaressment of the DOJ) issued a report the same week showing the # of times a weapon is used in defense was well over 1.6 million, that the DOJ decided they would not attempt to run seperate figures. The FBI never issued such a report. And the USDOJ still keeps track of how often weapons are used in self defense in the National Crime Victim Survey.
I find it interesting too, that even if 100% of all private guns were banned, there will still be a lot of people not helped by the ban, and still dead. Not unless someone can prove gun bans are a cure for depression and mental illness. A strawman argument. I never claimed that it would save everybody's life. But if it saves a few lives, it's worth it.
Uh, yes, they did. it was quite the scandal at the time. The report was actually regarding illegal weapons sales in the Us (they were trying to make some point about arming the drug trade if I remmeber correctly).  The NCVS does not ask about whether or not a gun was used, and the DOJ no longer prepares a report ont ehse numbers (unless they have started again...I haven't paid much attention since the NCVS has not proven to be accurate in this). If you want some surveys about this percise subject, you can take a look at:  http://www.guncite.com/gcdgklec.html  Yes, it is hosted on guncite, which is a pro gun web site. It is Klecks report, which to the best of my knowledge has never been discredited for its methedology, though I know the AG's have tried, since it is pretty damaging to their movement. Are you trying to confuse me? You make some claim about an FBI report (which I don't believe exists), and then provide a link to some study done by Kleck who is not the FBI. The NCVS surveyed over 90,000 people to reach their results. Kleck only surveyed about 5,000 people.   "Based on data from the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), approximately 65,000 victims use guns against offenders each year. This is the most accurate number available, as it comes from a reputable source that surveyed 90,560 persons in over 50,000 households in 1994. Survey participants are interviewed every six months for three years. In addition, the methodology used makes the NCVS the most credible tool in assessing defensive gun uses in this country. For example, the NCVS factors out self-defense uses against animals and by military or law enforcement officers, etc. - a factor which other surveys may not.   "It is important to note that in some defensive gun use surveys, a respondent's action of threatening the 'perpetrator' may be construed as an aggressive or conflict-escalating action by the 'perpetrator.' The person being threatened may not have done anything which warranted being threatened with a weapon and that the 'victim' may end up turning an argument into a violent confrontation by bringing a gun into the situation.    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  "The Myth of 2.5 Million Defensive Gun Uses  "To obtain the 'estimate' for defensive gun uses, Kleck and Gertz surveyed 5,000 dwelling units. Slightly over one percent of individuals reported that they themselves had used a gun in self-defense during the past year. The methodological problems related to the survey are numerous. Also, this method of surveying has been recognized as invalid for research purposes since the mid 1970's. See below for more on the methodological problems of Kleck's research." http://www.moregunsmorecrime.com/generalDGU.htm So his study has been discredited.
VOR, for starters, my statistics were from 1987-1992. Yours were from 1994. In addition to not corresponding to the years I referred to, your numbers self admit that they rose after the period mine referred to. Additionally, my Brady numbers are on the very low end of the estimated defensive gun uses annually. Just think, it's quite reasonable to expect that guns were used defensively more than they were used criminally. Because really "if it saves a few lives, it's worth it." Unless of course it contradicts someone's closed minded point of view.   The statistics are from 1992 not 1994 as you claim. True it does say that handguns were used in almost 50% more crimes in 1992 than in the average of the previous five years. But that would mean that handguns were used in atleast 600,000 crimes during the average of the previous five years which is much more often than they are used defensively. Just think it's quite reasonable to expect that guns are used more often criminally than they are used defensively. Unless it contradicts someone's close minded point of view.
Suppose the 200 million man Chinese army decides to rush us.  This is so inane I dont know where to start.  Firstly - If there existed an armed forces capable of destroying the US military, then an armed civilian population would be absolutely no barrier to them.  Secondly - There is no single nation on earth that can move 200,000,000 men.  Thirdly - How exactly do you propose China get its men to the USA? Are they going to use their secrect commie teleporting machines? There is no chance for them to cross the oceans, or deploy either north or south of the USA.
Yes that is a problem. But there is an instance when the 2nd Amendment did protect the USA from invaders:  That statement was really just rhetoric on part of the Admiral in question. The japanese plans never included an invasion of the USA. Such a move would have over-stretched their resources with disastrous results, and their commanders knew it. An armed population, for the Japanese army, would have been next to no problem at all, in practical terms.  Just as a side note, I am very much in favour of owning guns, but with restrictions. You should prove you are mentally sound and responsible, and be required to keep them in a manner making them in-accessable to children, or other people unable to operate them safely.
I saw Bowling for Columbine. It was excellent. It showed how many Americans have this idea that problems are solved with violence. That's the way that problems are often dealt with domestically and overseas. That's why America drops so many bombs on people in foreign nations and kills them. They interviewed some Canadians in the film and the Canadians says that they like to negotiate and work things out. That's the way they solve problems- not through violence and killing people. I think this is very relevant to the gun culture in America. Those in the gun culture tend to have the attitude that problems can be solved with violence- thus the necessity of owning an instrument of death and destruction. I remember that Michael Moore went into the house of one gun owner and the gun owner showed him the loaded gun that he slept with under his pillow. I think that's dangerous and totally stupid to sleep with a gun under your pillow. The film also examined famous people from the gun culture like Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh. Moore also accomplished some good things. He went to K-mart with some victims of Columbine and convinced K-mart to stop selling handgun ammunition.
Hey notice the two different suits Heston is wearing in his supposed Denver speach? Do you suppose if I use the same editing techniques I can use Moore's speeches, edit them, and get him to say "Fu** the poor"?  I don't have the "attitude that problems can be solved with violence". When I'm on the rifle range with an asault weapon, I have to concentrate, meditate, and control my body with extreme discipline. There is nothing on my mind except meditation and relaxation. If I'm thinking of anything else I don't score points. Your entitled to your opinion and how you choose to sleep. When your opinion and your actions affect what is happening in my bedroom, then your violating my rights, and YOU need to be controlled. Please explain how I violate another person rights with a gun under my pillow? If you don't want to be shot, then stay out of my bedroom while I'm sleeping, you don't belong there. So I don't understand your justification to restrict my behavior in my bedroom. Although it is quite clear to me if you get your way, YOU need to be restricted. lol... maybe its me, or maybe you guys missed the point of the movie. the problem isnt people sleeping with guns under their pillows, or owning guns at all for that matter. Michael Moore showed that in the cities and suburbs of Canada there is a substantial gun ownership. people with guns on them at all times doesnt equate to people that are most likely to shoot you.  the point of bowling for columbine is that america is so trigger happy because the media perpetuates a paranoia that everybody is out to rob you. people in the US are afraid of each other. thanks to the media, people afraid of the subways, parking lots, the parks, nightclubs and neighboorhoods where blacks are the majority. its not that these places are inherently more hazardous, its just that the media continuously highlights the hazards  now everybody is so tense and jumpy, that its no surprise people get shot regularly. that was the point of the movie, and if you missed that message then you should look at it again
Please explain how I violate another person rights with a gun under my pillow. I didn't say your violating other people's rights. I just said it's stupid.
 now everybody is so tense and jumpy, that its no surprise people get shot regularly. that was the point of the movie, and if you missed that message then you should look at it again Yup, and that's why they sleep with guns under their pillow because they're tense, jumpy, and paranoid.
Although you may have picked up this message, I don't think that was the main message of the movie. Nor do I think that Moore even cares that people notice the lesson to be gained from the Canadians. As a good Nazi once said, good propaganda has some truth with the lies, but it is important to tell the BIG lie as your message. My .$02. you are claiming moore is lying without citing the lies. you are also saying that sinjin's observation is not the main message, but you fail to show what the real main message is. if you think its propoganda, indicate to what end is the propoganda for, dont just say that its propoganda. please indicate moore's BIG lie, if you dont mind
Man... I say that same thing about terrorist attacks killing people so rarely that fear of them is completely irrational, but people still insist that it's the #1 danger to us in the world... while wolfing down triple cheese burgers and smoking while driving around on their cellphone.. Afraid of dying while endangering themselves with grease, cancer, and wreckless driving all at once.  People don't care if their fear is irrational. 99% of fear is irrational, and almost nobody is afraid of the things that are really a danger to them and their families.   also, I thought bowling for columbine was a great film. I am also fully an advocate for 2nd amendment rights. I don't think that Moore was attacking guns, he was exploring America's gun violence problem. I think his main point was "don't be a XXXXX".
I agree, this movie was sensationalized. But as far as people thinking it was lame because it didn't end up with the message it started out with, well, I think the goal was to get people to think. And for people with the original opinion (guns are evil) he probably hoped to get them to see things more balanced. Micheal Moore tends to manipulate people, just in a different way than the President or the media does.. not with fear, with knowledge and anger. At least from what I've seen. In the end, I think the information he shares is valuable, but the way it's presented ends up making fanatics, and fanatics aren't exactly constructive to a movement for the better. ;) But I must confess to liking that movie.
Micheal Moore tends to manipulate people, just in a different way than the President or the media does.. not with fear, with knowledge and anger. well said. i agree 100%
Why do we have a "right" to carry or own guns we dont need ?   You have a right if your government tells you that you do. If it changes it mind, that right no longer exists.  Firearms do little good, unless you  A: Happen to have your home invaded by an intruder B: are well trained and psychologically prepared to shoot said intruder
Not every person in the world is American.    Self preservation is a strong instinct, but its still a mental "block" to actually take the act that you know will kill someone.  A person wielding a firearm, but hesitating in a critical moment, is very likely to suffer serious injury or death, that the intruder might not have done originally (since the person in question would not present a threat)    I realize that the second amendment is aimed primarily intended to allow for insurrection against a corrupt government (or so I was told at least :) ).   Jeffersonian: What if the government decided that dancing was in fact to be outlawed, and persecuted by jail.  Do you then still have a right to dance ?  What defines a "right" ? The desire to do something, or being able to do it without persecution or retribution ?
I realize my knowledge of the specific elements of the US constitution and laws are flawed. Heck, I cant even remember every exact point of my own constitution :)  What I was trying to get at is that rights can be restricted by a governmental decision.  As an example, and please dont take this as america bashing, during world war 2, Japanese in the United States were imprisoned.  So clearly their rights were taken away by the government  The prohibition is another excellent example (and one that didnt go over all that well).  If USA was invaded by a foreign power, and martial law was instated, again, rights would likely seriously decrease, depending on the specific situation.
Prohibition? That was an amendment. Yes the highest law and rights can be modified by amendment. I have no problem with that. The passage of an amendment is decided upon by the People of the United States after democratic process. I have no problem with democracy. The problem with the anti-gunners in this country is they are trying to achive thier ends by non-democratic means.  Not true. The Brady Bill, for example, was passed by Congress (who were elected by the people) and was signed by the President (who was elected by the people). Constitutional and democratic processes were followed to make the Brady Bill law.
I am not familiar with the amendments that mention a drinking age or any drugs at all. Which one specifically mentions weed?  The rights Daewoo is speaking of are spelled out in the Constitution that is what quafiles as a right, not because some one clams it is.  But doesnt that bring us back to the idea that your rights are, indeed, defined by govermental law.  Since the government made (and amended) the constitution, they defined the rights and wrongs of US society
Watch bowling for columbine and then try to formulate an intelligent opinion. You won't be able to. Kids are going to get a hold of guns as long as they exist in this country. You want to know the biggest problem with certified gun owners. They are never willing to give an honest opinion regarding why they keep guns. Their only real defense is that the consitution says they have the right to bare arms (and this is such a vague declaration that it can be twisted to mean many things).  So, to any gun owners, let me ask some questions, and please answer honestly.  How many guns do you own? What kind of guns are they? Do you have children that are or were under the age of 19? If yes, Have your children ever touched or played with your gun? If yes, Have your children ever touched your gun outside of your supervision? If yes, Do you have a means of knowing whether or not you children has accessed your gun without your knowledge or consent?  If yes, have your ever educated or punished your child for inquiring or infringing up on your gun? Do you believe a family with a child should own a gun? Do you believe it is necessary to own more than one gun? Do you believe it is necessary to own an assault rifle over say a shotgun? Do you live in a neighborhood were violence and break-ins occur on a regluar basis? Do you own guns simply as a hobby, recreation, or means of protection? In the event that you own a gun as a hobby, what is so interesting about them? Do you use the hobby guns? In the even that you own a gun for recreation, why? In the event that you own a gun for safety, do you keep it loaded? If you keep your gun loaded, is it locked up, away from you, or nearby? If it is locked up away from you, how does it protect you? If it is near you, is it possible for someone to steal it? If it is unloaded, do you keep it near you? If not, how does it protect you? Have you ever shot your gun while drunk? Have you ever shot your gun while under the influence of drugs? Do you think that many gun owners are negligent? Have you ever been negligent with a gun? How do you think guns and assault rifles get circulated? How does a gun owner propose that we stop unecessary gun violence? Does your proposal consider all of your answers above? Can you propose any other self-defense options other than owning a gun? Are you a member of the NRA? Are you white? -----------------------------  I'm pretty lenient regarding the right to bare arms. I hate guns and I think they are wrong and should be banned entirely or else no one is safe, but I will recognize them as a fundamental of our consitution. My thought is that no one should be able to own more than one gun, and it must be a shotgun for defense or recreation.  Assault rifles are far to deadly in the hands of children, whether it be in schools or on the street. Their high fire rate makes them too great a hazard, particularily in the hands of those who know how to use them. There is also no reason that anyone needs to protect themselves from 400 yards away. This is ludicrous.  Hand guns should also be outlawed. They are too small and easy to conceal. Anyone could easily whip one out in a school or a convenient store.   A shotgun is difficult to conceal except in large pants or a trenchcoat and is also clumsier to pull out when attacking. Furthermore, they are generally effective only at shorter ranges. Depending on the type, a shotgun generally holds 1-8 rounds. 8 rounds is more than plenty to protect your home. If you want to go hunting at longer ranges, be a real hunter and buy a bow.  Let's be realistic here, you are more likely to get shot up out on the street, at work, or at school rather than by someone breaking into your home.
First, bowling sucked. Second, the second ammendment is not at all vague, and if there is any question as to what it means, it is explained quite clearly not only in the feederalist papers but also in the other writings of the founders.  Honestly, I had always believed that everybody clearly understood what the meaning of the second Ammendment was and that the false confusion was beign spread by the GGs. Now I know that many people are either not bright enough, or not interested enough int he history of their country to even recite all teh ammendments, much less attempt to fully understand them. It is a sad world in which we live.    I'll bite  How many guns do you own?  =====Over 300  What kind of guns are they?  =====Differnt stuff, ranging from modern assault rifles w/ composite stocks and titanium recievers to 15th century italian jobbers with ivory grips and gold inlaid triggers.  Do you have children that are or were under the age of 19?  =====Yes  If yes, Have your children ever touched or played with your gun?  =====Yes  If yes, Have your children ever touched your gun outside of your supervision?  =====No, though they someday will. I got my first gun when I was 8. My kids will probably have to waiut until they are 12 (wife). by 15 they will be more than welcome to go out hunting on their own if they wish.  If yes, Do you have a means of knowing whether or not you children has accessed your gun without your knowledge or consent?   =====Yes  If yes, have your ever educated or punished your child for inquiring or infringing up on your gun?  =====n/a  Do you believe a family with a child should own a gun?  =====Absolutly  Do you believe it is necessary to own more than one gun?  =====Absolutly. A rifle, a shotgun, a pistol and an "assault rifle". I have lots mor than that, but that is because I collect them. You really only need 3 (the assault rifle is optional)  Do you believe it is necessary to own an assault rifle over say a shotgun?  =====It is a better home defense weapon, but it is a matter of choice  Do you live in a neighborhood were violence and break-ins occur on a regluar basis?  =====Nope, that may very well be because I live in the sticks, and everybody knows that farmers are all armed.  Do you own guns simply as a hobby, recreation, or means of protection?  =====Both  In the event that you own a gun as a hobby, what is so interesting about them? Do you use the hobby guns?  =====they are finely crafted, precision machines. My oldest gun was used in a political assasination, thus changing the course of history. I generally do not use pieces from my collection. They are too old and too valuable to risk blowing up.  In the even that you own a gun for recreation, why?  =====I like to hunt. I also like to do comptition shooting  In the event that you own a gun for safety, do you keep it loaded?  =====Of course, an unloaded gun is a paperweight.  If you keep your gun loaded, is it locked up, away from you, or nearby?  =====It is under my bed. I also keep one in my desk drawer, and when I am carrying large sums of money I have one in a pancake holster  If it is locked up away from you, how does it protect you?  =====Palm print access. Slap hand on reader, case pops open. Grab Uzi, commence firing.  If it is near you, is it possible for someone to steal it?  =====Not without cutting off my hand  If it is unloaded, do you keep it near you?  =====If it is unloaded, there is little point  If not, how does it protect you?  =====Hmmm, I can see where you are going here. Unfortuantly it is way down the road to ignorant land. You can load an automatic pistol in less than 3 seconds. Clip in, slide back, safty off, you are ready to go. Generally, you are going to have more than 3 seconds notice of an impending threat  Have you ever shot your gun while drunk?  =====No  Have you ever shot your gun while under the influence of drugs?  =====No  Do you think that many gun owners are negligent?  =====Don't personally know ANY gun owners who are negligent  Have you ever been negligent with a gun?  =====No  How do you think guns and assault rifles get circulated?  =====They are sold based on free market principals  How does a gun owner propose that we stop unecessary gun violence?  =====By lowering crime.   Does your proposal consider all of your answers above?  =====Yes, and then some, unlike most GG's proposals, which do not address ANY of the above (background checks, scary looking gun bans, trigger locks, etc...)  Can you propose any other self-defense options other than owning a gun?  =====Not any that is as effective  Are you a member of the NRA?  =====Nope. They are traitors to the American gun owners  Are you white?  =====Yep -----------------------------    This is rediculous. First off, a shotgun is not a good weapon for most hunting. While it is nice to use on birds, it is wasteful to use on small mammals (rabbits, squirells, etc...) and incredibly difficult (and downright foolish) to use on some big mammals (elk, bear, etc).  Don't punish the rest of us for the fact that you doubt your ability to safely store or fire a weapon.     Can you actually prove that assault rifles are deadly in the hands of children? We don;t seem to have a real problem with it to date (at least, not according to the DOJ). They are responsible for a statistically insignificant number of deaths.   The US military, after years of experience in conflict situationas, has determined that the best personal defense weapon is an assault trifle ( only theirs are real assault rifles, not the black scary loooking guns that the GGs have labled "assault rifles"). I am willing to take their word for it (thus the uzi under the bed). Assault rifles are capable of reaching out and touching somebody, they are no less capable of killing somebody from across the room.   There are a couple different studies out there about the average number of rounds fired by criminals in violent acts, and the average is around 3, whether you are talking a wheel gun (revolver), or a hlock capable of holding 20 rounds. An assault wepon ban is a solution in search of a problem. Do more research before you formulate opinions.    Yes, and they could use that handgun they whipped out to kill a bad guy.     A shotgun is incredibly easy to conceal. Take a hacksaw and move it in a back and forth motion over the barrel, and you will have a concealable shotgun. Devestating firepoer at short range.  Who the helll are you to tell me how many rounds I need to defend my home? Are you planning on breaking into my home? If not, you don;t have to concern yourself at ALL with how many rounds my defensive weapon of choice holds. If you are, you should know that I have 3 32 rd clips ready to go. Average police response time in my area is over 15 minutes. That is a long time to hold the fort so to speak. And that is assuming that the criminals are not bright enough to take the phones out of comission (in whihc case there will be no police).   In most amjor metropolitan areas, response time is generally 5 minutes+ (International association of Police Chiefs). That is also a long time to hold the fort, and 8 rds isn;t going ot get you very far. If you are lucky, and you are only talking a single attacker, and you hill them right off, you will be fine. If you are talking more than one guy, and they do not run off the minute they realise you are armed, 8 rounds is not enoguh. Police generally carry automatic pistols with high capacity magazines (18+rds), and they knwo they will generally have backup. Why should ahomeowner, who has no backup, be forced to rely on 8 rounds?    Which is why concealed carry needs to be allowed. You are most likely to be attacked on the street (realistically, you are more likely to be hit by lightning than to be attacked at work or school).   I think your awefully naive. I am glad you are a responsible gun user, however, I don't think you are any safer with them then without them. If someone wanted you dead, you'd be dead. End of story. Your guns won't save you from someone planting a bomb on your car, mowing you down leaving the quickie mart. Your guns won't save you from the wacked out neighbor kid blowing a hole in your son or daughters head at school, and they certainly won't save you when someone kidnaps them. I think you've over rated your safety.  There is little I can say regarding guns that I can defend myself against. The fact is that 11,000 people died to gun crime in America (2002) so obviously guns are part of the problem here. That isn't a columbine demographic, it is a real government statistic. 380,000 crimes committed in America in 2002 involved a firearm. These numbers don't disturb you? You really believe you're safer because you have guns? And you'd feel safer than that if everyone carried a concealed one? Am I missing something here? Is this a crisis of sanity?
Firearm Statistics:  Firearm Victims, Violent crimes: Rape, Robbery and assault: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/percentfirearm.htm http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/glance/tables/firearmnonfataltab.htm  Weapon Statistics by age and association: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/weapons.htm  Homicide Stats by firearms and weapons: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/tables/weaponstab.htm
I'm against abortion too, everyone should have to live with their mistakes.
Planting bombs in my car?? Come on. Is this really the kind of thing you worry about? Assasination attempts? You are right about being mowed down at a quickie mart, which is why I look bothe ways before crossing the street or stepping out into a parking lot. As far as the wacked out kid killing my daughter at school, I don't generally worry about that (since they are more likely to be hit by lightning). If soemthing liek that did happen here (columbine type shooting), I would certainly hope that a teacher or principal who is armed would take care of the problem. I hapen to know that several of our teachers have guns, as well as 3 of the principals at our local schools because I am on the school board and drafted the letter we all signed recognising that it was illegal in this state, but the school board would not take any action against any teacher or principal that had participated in a marksmanship program who wished to be armed while on the job. I also was one of the guys who went to the local law enforcement and helped convince them to take a non-enforcement stance on the law (was actually easy to do since rank and file cops tend to see the benifit to having law abiding citizens armed).  As far as the kids being kidnapped, they better not try it when I am there, because I will blow them away. Outside of that, I just have to take faith in the fact that I take sensible precautions to safegaurd my childrens safety. I have taught them as best I can. They don't wander around town alone, and when they wander around at home, it is with a 120 LB german shepard. Hopefully, the kidnappers will skip over them and go after your kids, since you apparently seem to think that since you cannot absolutly gaurantee their safety no precautions shou ld be taken.  This is perhaps the stupidist and most nonsensical argument I have ever heard. Sure, you cannot protect yourself against every threat, that does not mean you should not take steps to protect yourself against the ones you can. This is like somebody saying "A meteor could fall out of the sky and hit you, so you should not bother keeping a first aid kit around since it won't help you if the meteor hits you".  Pathetic logic. Nobody has been able to prove that gun owners are safer than non-gun owners.     11,000 out of 293,027,571. That is about .00003%. WHOA. .00003%, sounds like a pretty major problem to me. You can play around with numbers to make the problem seem insignificant. I suppose you could also say that only 3,000 people died in 9/11 and use your logic to say that it's only a small problem. If thousands of people are being killed it's not a small problem. Perhaps if somebody in your family had died of gun violence you would have a different attitude. Those numbers would mean something to you.
Nobody has been able to prove that non-gun owners are safer than gun owners.   Wow that is easy.   So if you can not prove things one way or the other why try to infringe on my rights?      You can say that about cars, you can say that about anything... to most libs 3000 on 911 IS not a big number. I didn't say that it can't be proven one way or the other. I just said you can't prove that gun owners are safer. And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights?
Nor has anybody ever managed to prove they are not. Common sense dictates that those with the tools and skills to protect themselves are more likely to be able to do so effectively.      This is not playing around with the numbers to make them seem insignificant. This is statistical analysis. This is why statistics are discussed so often (and quoting raw numbers is NOT statistics). They give some perspective to the numbers. This is also why the GG's don't discuss statistics, becaue when you look at this "problem" in context it quickly becomes apparent that the "problem" does not exist, and we would be far better off spending our money elsewhere.  You are right, from a loss of life standpoint, the 9/11 attacks were nothing. From a financial standpoint (over 1 trillion lost) they were pretty significant. From an idealogical standpoint, they were devestating. Your point, please?  I am not going to bother to respond to your closing emotional plea but to say "perhapse if you had a family member saved by a gun you would feel different". You might also ask yourself how many innocent people are killed each year (thoygh we have already established that it is a statistically insignificant number, a number so small that any good statician would zero it out, and justly so, in the mane of cleaning up his data) that might have been saved had they posessed an effective tool with which to defend themsleves. Your claim that "the GG's don't discuss statistics" if false. Michael Moore says in his book Stupid White Men "The idea that having a gun is the only way to ensure 'home protection' is a myth. Fewer than 1 out of 4 violent crimes is committed while the victim is at home. Among all the instances when guns are fired during a break-in while the owner is at home, in only 2 percent are guns used to shoot the intruder. The other 98 percent of the time, residents accidentally shoot a loved one or themselves- or the burglars take the gun and kill them with it....The vast majority of guns in America are purchased and owned- that is introduced into society- by white people. Each year about 500,000 guns are stolen, mostly from these same white people in the suburbs. And the vast majority of those guns end up in the inner city, sold cheaply or traded for legal or illegal goods and services. These white guns have caused an enormous amount of death and suffering among African-Americans. Gunfire is the number one cause of death among young blacks....So if you're white, and you'd like to help reduce the number one cause of death among young black men, here's the answer: Don't buy a gun. Don't keep one in your house or car. No guns laying around means no guns stolen to be resold in poor black neighborhoods....If you're truly concerned about your protection, get a dog. Bad guys generally don't want to tussle with a crazy barking animal with sharp teeth. You don't need a gun." (pages 78-79)  I wonder if Daewoo will try to dismiss the fact that "Gunfire is the number one cause of death among young blacks" as statistically insignificant. How about the fact that guns are used to commit most murders in the US? Will Daewoo show up at a meeting of MADD (Mothers Against Drunk Driving) and announce that the number of people killed by drunk drivers (less than 20,000) is statistically insignificant and so no one should worry about the problem. "President" Bush and Cheney might approve since they both have been arrested for drunk driving.
Using illogic, skewed statistics, revisionist history all in an attempt to violate my constitutional rights, that would be you and other gun grabbers who are trying to infringe on law abiding citizens rights. At least have the courage to say it.... Oh, stop your witch hunt. Show me in the Constitution where it says that making an illogical argument is a violation of somebody's rights. Statistics and history that don't agree with your position are not necessarily skewed.
He is correct on one thing, only 1 in 4 violent crimes happen at home. That is why it is so important to ensure that every state allows concealed carry. that way, at home or not, you have the tools available to protect yourself and your family.     Thisis an intersting usage of statistics, he takes one statistic, the percentage of guns in America used to shoot an intruder each year, then, through some unexplaned mystery of statistical analysis, couples it to another completely unrelated statistic (accidental shootings NOT involving break in) and then a third statistic, the burglar taking your gun and shooting you with it (which, as far as we know, has only happened twice, ever). Typical moore, edit the speaches, edit the statistics, do what it takes to twist things to your viewpoint.  Whatever. Moore is just telling us what happens the other 98% of the time. To make it simple, if your gun is used to kill somebody there is a 98% chance that it will be kill an innocent person and a 2% chance it will kill a criminal. Pretty disturbing.   The number of people who actully shoot an intruder is incredibly low. They don't have to. While somebody might be willing to die trying to protect their property, very few are willing to die trying to steal somebody elses VCR. The thing to look into is not the nuber of intruders killed, but the number captured or scared off by armed homeowners. Homeowners actually capture more burgalrs each year than the police do nationwide. way to go, guys.     I won't dismiss it as statistically insignificant (though it is). I will dismiss it beacuse I simply don't care. Let's think about this for a second, why do you suppose that gunfire is the number one cause of death among young blacks? Could it be becuase we already know that over 90% of shootings are criminal on criminal, and young blacks have by far the highest rate of violent crime in the US? It probably also has something to do with the fact that the highest incidents of drug use and drug dealing is found in the young black community.  So, in a nutshell, I could care less if a bunch of gang banger crack heads want to kill each other. It makes society a better place and ensures that they do not breed. Crack babies who will grow up to be gang members and crack dealers just like daddy is about the last thing we need.  This is not an argument for gun control. This is more an argument for handing out free ammo in the inner city.     Again, not significant. They have outlawed guns in Australia, now they are apparently having problems with people being killed by swords. No country that has enacted bans on guns has enjoyed a long term decline in murder rates. Briatain and Australias murder rates are apparently climbing. The murder rate in S Africa, where posession of a gun can get you the death penalty, is one of the highest in the world.  I don't particulalrly care how people kill each other, that is not the issue. The problem is that they do kill each otehr, and that has nothing to do wtih guns.    You are right, and apparently getting the hang of the whole "statistics" thing. 200,000 in a population of almost 300 million is statistically insignificat. Good Job!  I will not be showing up at any madd meetings because it is yet another organisation that has outlived its usefulness, yet still continues to collect huge sums of money from gullible fools by convincing them that there is some kind of problem they are trying to solve. Madd was an excellent program, it was created to push for stricter drunk driving laws. They accomplished their goal. Rather than disbanding after the goal had been accomplished, they continue to harass people for donations because by the time they had finished their useful function, it had become a multi million dollar operation.   So now, even with laws in many states that punish drunk drivers more severely than first time rapists, we still have to listen to MADD screeching about what a problem it is and how we still need to do something about it.    You seem to have a real problem getting your head around the scale we are talking here. 300 million people is a LOT. you are going to loose 20,000 here, and 10 thousand there to various causes each year, and it is no big deal. It is just one of those things that comes with having a large population (and I think you will find that the larger a population, the higer the incident of accidental death). I see your true colors. I find your apathetic and indifferent attitude towards the loss of human life is distressing, but you are entitled to your opinion. Crack babies and gangbangers are human beings too. By the way, murder rates have been pretty stable in Australia. And violent crime in England has declined. http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~lambert/guns/malcolm.html
No, he is trying to spin it so gullible people will believe that Americans are too stupid to get up in the middle of the night and chase a burglar out of their home.  Also, you make the inferrence that those 98% are innocent persons. They are not. The majority of family on family shootings are domestic violence cases. Further, that 98% number is people you know, not necessariyl "friends or loved ones" as moore depicts. Most people who are killed in their home are killed by people they know. In all fairness, moore needs to remove the number of domestic abuse related cases, and the number of defense cases, then he can show the 40% that everybody else shows as opposed to the 98% he is trying to pass off here.    I see your true colors. I find your apathetic and indifferent attitude towards the loss of human life is distressing, but you are entitled to your opinion. Crack babies and gangbangers are human beings too. By the way, murder rates have been pretty stable in Australia. And violent crime in England has declined. http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~lambert/guns/malcolm.html  Yes, gang bangers and crack babies are people too. Gang bangers choose what kind of life they want to be and what kind of person they want to be. If they choose to be the sort that get shot on the street, that is just the way it is. You can't save them all, so lets just save the most worthy.  Why do you continually quote Lambert as an expert? The man has NO qualifications to comment on this. He is a comp sci professor. I think it is a little dishonest tyo link his web bogs as some kind of research. It is not. Those blogs, though he has tried to present them as factual, are just a Comp Sci professors opinions regarding gun control.  Violent crime in England has NOT declined. They simply changed the way the reported theri violent crimes. They got called on this and ended up chnging again after several independant surveys could show nowhere near their low rates.  Here is a tbale og graphs compiled using the UN's international crime survey data:  http://www.gunsandcrime.org/crvsgraf.html And do you have more qualifications than Lambert? The first thing that I noticed about your website is that it only goes to up to 1996 when it shows crime statistics in England. What has happened since then? Violent Crime is now lower in England than it was in 1997.
voiceofreason, you missed a question directed at you. you say "And who's trying to infringe on another person's rights? " i would like to know how am i infringing on anyones rights by owning a gun? I didn't say that you were infringing on anyone's rights by owning a gun.
Good, then why are YOU trying to infringe on our rights TO own a gun? Baseless accusations. Why don't you stop your witchhunt? People aren't violating your rights by disagreeing with you on this forum.
Fine. Punish me if I do, but NEVER before. The removal of any of my rights before I do such a thing violates all the tenents of justice, innocence, and guilt according to common law. Until then keep your laws off my guns. Until then and AFTER I get a trial, then you can take my guns, never before. This is the way it is done under common law. Rights are removed only after a crime and a trial, never before.  Until then it is none of your business what I do. Then why can the government take your property and use it for a for a public purpose? It doesn't have to prove that you're guilty of a crime.
Do you or Do you not wan't to impose your gun-grabbing agenda in direct violation of our constitution? I think it's dishonest to ask such a loaded question. I don't understand how I'm imposing on anybody. How am I imposing on you by disagreeing with you? Until you can actually back up your claims all this amounts to is a witch hunt.
Do you or Do you not wan't to impose your gun-grabbing agenda in direct violation of our constitution?I'm not an expert regarding the American Constitution, but i think it would be possible for an amendment to invalidate the 2nd one. That's pretty much the only way to do it, and if done that way there wouldn't be any violation of your constitutional right to own guns, as it simply doesn't exist then anymore.  I don't think this is going to happen anytime soon, but if a constitutional amendment which removes the 2nd one was accepted in the usual procedure, would you then accept your right to own guns to have vanished?
No, I wqould not accept that the right to own guns has vanished. The right to own guns is not granted by the US government, and they cannot remove it. That is the differnce between a right and a privelage. By definition a right is untouchable. It cannot be removed, rejected or revoked by the government. The governments only function in regards to rights is to ensure that they are protected.I did not say anything about the US government.  However, do you say that the same authority, whatever it may be, that granted this right in first instance (and it is not what some people might call a God-given right) is unable to revoke it?
Its not a loaded question its a direct question. I am always wary of the individual who hides his agenda. I am very clear on my positions on gun control, you dance around yours (Example: You called my argument that you believe in the revisionist "collective" right a straw man argument. Then you started a thread were you re-confirmed that this was indeed your position) Here let me pose a more "netural" question: It is a loaded question because you're making certain assumptions when you ask the question (example: having a gun grabbing agenda is in direct violation of the constitution). I never called your claim that I believe in a collective right to bear arms a strawman argument. You're putting words in my mouth.    Would you vote for a law banning US citizens the right to keep handguns? Maybe. And how am I violating the Constitution by exercising my right to vote?
My qualifications in statistics are also pretty slim. I took 5 semesters of it in college, then ran out of time for "fun" classes and had to get serious. I don't need to have any more qualification than that because, unlike lambert, I am not trying to pass myself off as an expert. You are quoting a layman as a source. This is bad form (to put it lightly). It destroys the credibility of your entire argument.   No, "violence against the person" crime as reported by the home office has continued to rise every year, and is up 28% netween 2001/2002 and 2002/2003. Their "violent against the person" does not include sexual assaults, which are up 18% on their own. These are results combining the BCS (british crime survey) and the NCRS (national crime reportig standard). The NCRS is resonsible for the "drop" in crime that the GG's keep citing. The "drop" is the result not of less crime, but the result of cooked reporting parctices designed specifically to show less crime.   You can get a spredsheet with all the data at:  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/703chap3.xls You've got it backwards. The British Crime Survey showed a decrease in crime, not the NCRS. "Crime in England and Wales remains stable and the chances of being a victim of crime are still the lowest in more than twenty years, according to the first quarterly crime update published today by the Home Office. British Crime Survey data in the update, the most reliable indicator of crime trends that measures people's experience of crime, shows a seven per cent drop in crime and a drop in fear of crime. Police recorded crime statistics, after adjustment to take account of new recording rules, have decreased by 1 per cent in the period July to September 2002. British Crime Survey data for the 12 months to September 2002, shows:  7 per cent drop in all crime   2 per cent drop in violent crime   7 per cent drop in domestic burglary   14 per cent drop in vehicle theft"  http://www.policesupers.com/scripts/currentnews.ASP?news_id=314
Your entire post was regarding the second ammendment. Who else would try to remove this right if not the government?Those who can make amendments. They usually also happen to be involved in the government, but that's more or less coincidence and a side effect of being in a position which enables someone to create new amandments. Last time i checked amandments were created by popular initiatives, using the "Oregon System".  The rights listed in the bill of rights are natural right. You get those rights simply because you were born. End of story. Who would remove them? Nobody granted them (rigths cannot be granted), therefore there is nobody who could remove them.So you're saying these are some kind of God-given rights? What about those who are not US citizens? Do they automatically get the same rights that are mentioned in the Bill of Rights? What's the point of the Bill or Rights if these rights do not need it to exist?  It's a fact that the bill of rights amendments are not inadmissable - if the 2nd one gets nullified by another new amendments, then your legal right to own weapons is gone.  You might say that you have some kind of moral or God-given right, but for legal purposes, and the USA are a secular nation, this is irrelevant.
Yes the are God given. Please read the Decleration of Independance, people are "that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights".Then however the USA must acknowledge that these rights apply to all mankind. I don't really think God gave US citizens rights that he denied others to have.  Besides, how did the authors of the Declaration of Independence know that God gave them these rights? As far as i know the Bible never mentions God not wanting troops to be quartered in other people's houses.  Didn't they just merely claim this, perhaps because it sounds nice?  However, if we assume that these rights are indeed God given, then they necessarily apply to all mankind (or at least Christian mankind if you want to insist on that part), and so does the third amendment, about not quartering troops. The USA did exactly that during WW2, on a big scale. So either there was a major violation of the intent of the Constitution that no-one cared about (thus reducing its authority), or there is something wrong with that argumentation of these rights being God given...  Unfortunatly, at some point in time, the US government decided that they are not bound by the constitution when dealing with foreign policy. this is unfortunate, as a good deal of the problems we have in such regards would never have occured had our leaders not made this unfortunate decision.I hadn't read this part of your post when i wrote the above, but it seems that you agree to alternative one, the major violation which got ignored.  No, it is not. Our entire society and government is based on the concept of god given rights, though we have since changed the terminology to "natural rights" to placate those who have trouble understanding that freedom OF religion does not necessarily gaurantee freedom OF religion.The origin of most basic laws is religion in very most nations, but once these laws are there their origin doesn't really hold any authority anymore. Otherwise, how can the freedom of religion fit with the First Commandment, in which God supposedly very clearly expresses his opinion about this. So by definition freedom of religion can't be a God-given, or as later renamed "natural" right, which undermines (i'm tempted to say "disproves") the entire concept of the Bill of Rights being God-given rights.   You might wish to advise the supreme court of this. they seems to have disagreed on at least a dozen occasions. According to them, the rights contained int he bill of rights predate the constitution, and as such are untouchable.They might be considered to be untouchable now, but as you said yourself, the supreme court disagrees quite often, and it's finally the supreme court's decision to decide if these first ten amandments are inadmissable or not. However, this directly implies that it is possible for the supreme court to decide in one occasion that they in fact are admissable - and if there is such a huge majority in the population that they can create a new amandment, then it is reasonable to assume that they eventually also have a majority in the supreme court.   Since an amandment theoretically can be blocked by as few as 4% of the population, my "what if" question is a purely theoretical one, it's not going to happen at least during the next 50 years.  However, i find it rather interesting that the current right to own weapons seems to be considered to be God given "more" than many others.  jwu
I have the same God given rights as all humans on this Earth. We all have the right to vote, the right to property, the right to contract, and the right to own guns as stated in the Constitution. All humans don't get the right to vote in MY country. They have the right to vote in thier own. That is thier happenstance if they are denied thier rights in thier own country and not any fault in reasoning on MY Constitution.  [...]  The Constitution is also law. The 3rd Amendment made the quarting of troops illegal. WW2? What are you talking about. Quartering of troops. Where?  So assuming that these rights are God-given, and you acknowledge that, then Americans, when in a position of power outside of their own country, should consider the rights of the Bill of Rights to apply to the local population too, shouldn't they? During WW2, American troops took quarter in civilian houses in Europe, on a big scale.  The Declearation of Independance is the very start of our liberty. It has to start somewhere. How do the authors know? I have my rights by "Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle". Plus the Constitution is establised by The People. "WE THE PEOPLE" starts the Constitution and notice the large size of "WE THE PEOPLE". We the People ordain this Consitution. The rights were always there, The People took them back by force of arms.I have shown up a massive problem with these rights being granted by God. Please explain how these rights can claim to be of godly origin if the Bible doesn't state things like a Godly right not to have troops quartered in your house, and with the very first amendment being in direct contradiction to God's explicit statement that you do not have freedom of religion.  Since the "godly origin" of these rights is contradicting itself and not really supported in scripture, and since these rights being "natural" rights is merely a claim that is not supported by anything which actually holds authority for this matter, who gave you these rights? You got them from "the people". And "the people" can revoke them.  The Supreme Court does not make amendments, that would be illegal. The 2nd Amendment is here to stay and the Supreme Court can not do a thing about it.Where exactly in my post did i say that the Supreme Court makes amendments? I said that the Supreme Court is in a position which it can enable "the people" to pass amendments, even amendments which would invalidate the Bill of Rights ones. The Supreme Court apparently already has debated this in the past, and even though at that time the decision was that the Bill of Rights is inadmissable, the bare existence of that debate proves that another debate might turn out the other way. If the Bill of Right was indisputably inadmissable, then such a debate would not have occured at all. Besides, a full size admission wouldn't even be neccessary, since the 2nd amendment is written in a very ambiguous way (you know, that whole thing about a "well regulated militia").  An amendment that "clarifies" this can severely restrict the right to own weapons without actually violating or removing the 2nd amendment at all.   What are you talking about? First Comandment says I can't own a gun? Your crazy. Jesus Christ himself was fine with Peter carrying a sword. Who says I'm going to kill with my guns. I never have and hope that I never will.I did not say that, not at all. What i said is that the first Commandment is in direct contradiction to the first amendment, which poses an enormous problem for the claim that the Bill of Rights consists of God-given rights.  However, i think we should keep two things seperate here: So called God-given laws that you apparently think you have no matter what, and actual laws that are valid for legal purposes. These are not neccessarily the same.  To avoid any confusion: It is your opinion, that you do have the right to own weapons no matter what, isn't it? So even if it was removed from the Constitution in a perfectly legal way (you certainly will say that this legal way doesn't exist, but please simply assume that it does for the purpose of this question), you would still assume to have that right?
the Constitution sais nothing of the rights being from God. that is your belefe over riding what is written. the rights come from "our creator", if you beleve that is the biblickl God, then that is your right (under the first Amendment), but if another wants to beleve it is the cosmic boorer, that is also there right.  it is written as to NOT promote one religon over outhers. yes all the framers were christion, but they left room in for all outher religions.Others seem to disagree about that part, so i adressed it. I absolutely agree to you that there is no further godly or natural authority "behind" any country's constitution. Everyone can believe whatever to support it, but effectively there is nothing but the people who have agreed to accept it as their constitution. If these people change their mind, then that constitution can change or eventually even loses its authority.  i am still wondering VOR, and Astaroth, have either of you speen amy time in a range fireing guns, or are you just going from what you have been told?I have served in my country's military.  Not at all, especially when you consider that many of the founding fathers were not christians, but diests. Diests were kind of a funny group that cropped up, became very popular for a while, then died out ratehr quickly. They believed in God, but not necessarily the bible or organised religion. The majority of the founders were christian, but recognised that otehrs must also be given the freedom to worship as they see fit. Ok, but unless you are such a "diest" yourself, you then cannot say that the founding father's very own belief about these rights being granted by their creator is relevant today.  A government that fails to recognise that there are basic human rights which cannot be tampered with is a dangerous one indeed.Agreed. The problem remains though: Is being allowed to own firearms such a basic right? I think not.  However, i think we all can agree that the decision if a certain right is a basic one that doesn't need to be stated somewhere is something that is mostly up to personal belief, and that debates about this are quite pointless.  Let's analyze it:  So far i see several different viewpoints about this:  1. - Owning firearms is a (1a) natural/basic or (1b)god given right. This currently being endorsed by the Bill of Rights is nice but not really neccessary. Without the Bill of Rights, someone would still have that right  2. - Owning firearms is in the Bill of Rights, therefore it is some kind of holy right. No further justification required.  3. - Owning firearmy is someone's right because it's in the Bill of Rights. It's in the Bill of Rights because the Bill of Rights is the written form of the opinion of the majority of "the people". These people believe in owning firearms to be a right for a multitude of reasons, but the only actually relevant thing is that enough people do believe that it is someone's right to own firearms.  *raises hand* I obviously belong to group three. I of course agree that you currently have a legal right to own firearms (that's kinda indisputable), but that this is not a basic right in a moral or natural sense, and that the legal right should be either removed or *severely* restricted (i.e. crime register checks, mandatory safety training, unexpected checks if the weapon is kept at a safe place). So if the others in this thread belong to group 1a, then we don't need to continue, as it's a matter of personal belief, and that's not really debateable. 1b would be debateable, as there are "hard facts", in scripture and the preamble of the Constitution that can be used to argue about. All that realistically might be achieved from my point of view is a shift to group 1a or 2 though. I certainly won't change my position either.  Group 2 seems not to be present here, fortunately. Debating with them is pointless.  If you belong to group 3 as i do, but on the opposite side, then again it's a matter of personal belief. We then have no hard facts to debate about, and it's just rhetorics.
Hmm...ok, i belong to that group too. emoticon_xhoho   I can live without it though. Note that i'm not completely opposed private firearm ownership, just that if it is allowed, then it should be severely restricted and controlled. Crime register checks, mandatory safety training (you don't get a driver's license without proving that you can handle a car either!), unexpected visits from people who check if you keep your gun in a safe place where children and thieves cannot reach/get it, you may not carry it with you when you're drunk, and so on.
If there is a natural right to own a gun when did this right start existing? Did it just leap into existence when guns were invented?
link (post 11)     In which I responded:    Which as usual you ducked....  Then in your very next thread.... You touted how you believe that the second amendment somehow does talk about a "collective" right for the states to maintain the national guard or some such stuff... Whatever. I didn't say that I disbelieved the collective theory in that thread.         What are you talking about? The constitution is not a living document. If you vote in people who violate the constitution whether it is to keep minorities from owning guns or using incrementalism to take guns away from other law abiding citizens is this right in your mind.... What if your mob rule all of the sudden voted in a law which outlawed more than two childeren upon penalty of forced sterilization would that be ok in your "two wolves" world?  BTW if I remember correctlty you do not even live in the US.... Are you even a US citizen? And if so when was the last time you did vote?  Please for once answer these questions instead of dancing around your true agenda. Be proud of your cause, put forth your ultimate goal. what are you embarrassed about? Whatever. I have a right to vote for who I want to. Stop trying to interfere with that right. I am a US citizen, but what does that have to do with anything? My ultimate goal is to refute the misinformation that you try to convince people with.
What exactly are cigarettes for??? They serve no purpose other than to kill you. You might say "it gives you a buzz, takes away stress" blah, blah,blah. Sorry, there are many things that give you a buzz and take away stress, that dont kill you.  Lets get back to the basic point. What guns do you think should be banned? Guns are not designed only to kill. Guns, like nukes are also a deterent. You would be less likely to break into my house knowing that I have enough guns and ammo in there for a small army. It dosn't matter what kind of gun, they all work the same. Your argument that people will steal them and kill people with them is illogical. Sombody that has an assualt rifle, is not a casual gun owner. They take great care of their gun collection, and store them safely and properly. Most accidents where people are killed by guns are unexperienced people that put their gun in a nightstand, and their 5 year old finds it. Or buys a gun and never trains, takes a class, or even fires it until sombody breaks into their house, and now they dont know what to do. Pulling the trigger on a gun, pointed at a target is hard for many people, let alone when you have your gun pointed at a human.  Like I said near the begining of this thread, Guns dont kill people, Guns are tools. People kill people, and if sombody is intent on killing you, it does not matter if they have a gun or not, there are baseball bats, knifes, heck I could kill you with a pen!!  You can also use guns in competitive shooting, which is a hobby, same as building a hot rod, which can also be considered a weapon, we dont ban them!  I guess what I am trying to get at is the burdon of proof is on you. We have a right given to use by the bill of rights, therefore, that is the only reason we need to bear arms. However, you must prove substancial reason why we should have this right annuled. To this point you have not had a single valid arguement why guns should be taken away. Give us facts, not opinions.Your ownership of a gun is not protected by the second amendment unless you belong to the organized militia.   "People kill with knifes, too. Do you want to ban knifes?" From Dr. Roth's study: The overall fatality rate in gun robberies is an estimated 4 per 1,000--about 3 times the rate for knife robberies, 10 times the rate for robberies with other weapons, and 20 times the rate for robberies by unarmed offenders. (Cook, Philip J., "Robbery Violence," Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology, 78-2, (1987):357-376.) For assaults, a crime which includes threats, the most widely cited estimate of the fatality rate is derived from a 1968 analysis of assaults and homicides committed in Chicago. The study, prepared for the National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of Violence, reported that gun attacks kill 12.2 percent of their intended victims. This is about 5 times as often as in attacks with knives, the second most deadly weapon used in violent crimes.(Newton, G.D., and F.E. Zimring, Firearms and Violence in American Life: A Staff Report Submitted to the National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of Violence, Washington, D.C.: National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of Violence, 1969.)"  http://www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/guns.htm  So guns make it easier to kill. Guns make it more likely that someone will die.
"A well-regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed."  - Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution   First it mentions militia, which we don't really have any more, you can argue that the original intent was for a different time in this country, but I'd rather not debate that point, I don't feel strongly about it either way.  Second, they offer no definition of "Arms". So yes, the definition of what "Arms" are legal for civillians to own is clearly not in violation of this amendment. How about we keep "Arms" defined as those available at the time of the creation of the constiution? Oh, you mean you have the right to bear any weapon that comes into existence? No. So it's a grey area that is up for grabs.  -Mach
"If not, then do you admit that guns are not to be feared, rather the people that weild them?"  I never got this line of argument.  Guns are more efficient at killing. Nukes are even more efficient. Yes, I fear a person wielding a "more efficient" killing tool more than I'd fear someone weidling a "less efficient" killing tool, even if the 2nd person was "meaner looking" ;)  It's not exclusive, they are both contributing factors:  X = How likley I think the person is to try to harm me/break the law S = Skill using the weapon E = Weapon killing efficiency R = Weapon killing range  X * (S+E+R) = F (Fear Factor)  Just being silly with the equation. But if a Navy Seal walks past me with an automatic weapon, I fear it more than an unarmed civillian, but I don't fear it a lot. I'd feel fairly safe. Put that same weapon in an unknown person's hands, it's scary. Put it in the hands of a young person or criminal, etc...very scary. Give any of them a baseball bat. I'm not so scared either way..etc.  -Mach
 The fact is, there is something very different about people who murder, and access to weapons isn't it.  Maybe, but it doesn't exclude the fact that someone with a gun is potentially more deadly than someone without one. And you can never tell who has the capacity and who doesn't. It's just an arms race. So criminals have guns, now if you want to feel safe you might feel you also need a gun. If it were left at knives and such, someone that most everyone has if they have a stocked kitchen, or a $20 bat, would be even in the arms race. And more importantly, the range is hand-to-hand range, again, making it less likely that you won't have chance to defend yourself, and fleeing is much more effective.  Even knives have laws against how long the blade is. There is, and should always be, laws against the "type" of weapons that civillians are allowed to own. So you want a Stinger Missle? It's an "arm", yet I think you understand why that's not something you want civillians to have.  Much of this is devil's advocate. The issue for many gun control supporters is handguns and assault weapons. Owning a rifle or shotgun, long barrel guns, at least according to statistics, is no more common for killing than a knife. There's also the issue, as you point out, about WHO should be allowed to own a gun, and what upkeep/training do you have to keep up with. Personally I don't think we go through even training to even drive, considering how many traffic fatalities there are each year.  -Mach
This might be a fundamental difference. Going through life making quick risk calculations about every passing stranger is not the way most of us want to live. (I realize you're just being silly.) :) . Missed this point. I don't want to live that way either. It's only in certain situations.  i.e. you see a person walking down the street with an assault rifle. You're telling me you wouldn't do a quick analysis of the situation?   Same with walking around at night. A car pulls up not far from you, and three young, 17 year olds, possibly gang members (what do I know I live in the suburbs), get out and walk towards you. You don't do a quick analysis of the risk?  Of course, I'd bet we all do that unless we know the person(s). -Mach
"arms" meant the same thing then that it does now. This is simply nitpicking. Any 6 yr old kid can tell you what "arms" in the second amendment means and they would be correct. Further, since every supreme court since the very beginning has proclaimed "original intent" to be the most important factor in consideration of constitutional law, there is no "grey" area. The founding fatehrs wrote abotu the second ammendment exhaustively. It was the topic of more debate than any other ammendment. At the time it was a somewhat shocking concept. Give every man the absolute right to privatly own military weapons. Shocking, but that is exactly what the original intent of the founding fathers was.  Holy Mackeral! Most of our laws are "nitpicking".  So you are able to, by law, own a stinger missle system, or an auto-grenade launcher? If not, then it's not clear-cut, there is grey area, at least in it's current implementation.
would this mean that the right to a free press would only include the presses of the time. ones that are unable to turn out high volumes of newspapers? and would not cover any of the technology that has come after?  I think "press", in free press, refers to writers, not the printing press machine. And free refers to unrestricted, not without cost.  And we obviously already have limits on exactly what types of military arms we own, so it's already been established that "all arms", isn't the current intereperetation of the ammendment.  -Mach
The fact is, people vary greatly in their capacity to defend themselves in hand-to-hand combat. If a firearm saves one person's life from being beaten to death, it's worth it.   Not if it causes more than it prevents, if it saves one life and costs two, that's fair?  Your personal story sounds reasonable, however, much of your fear seems to be partially centered around the gun crimes in the area. I also think your co-worker could have, I'd say statistically, fared better had his attacker only had a knife. Don't you? The cop car would not have been riddled with bullets either, causing whatever injuries we don't know about. I have no issues with you carrying a gun, you obviously don't sound like the average criminal, and being in a dangerous area as you mention, with our lax gun laws, yes, I'd support you owning and carrying one...as you said, for mental security alone it's worth it.  But as I said, I think if gun laws were more restrictive as a whole, it wouldn't be so risky. If a gang approaches you, get in your car and haul-it. If one person approaches, whip out the mace or tear gas or just jog away. That won't fit every situation, I know, I'm just showing how situations don't have to escelate to fatality, and guns being present always seems to crank that escelation up. And handguns make it easy for someone to walk around the PUBLIC space, with a gun, without being seen. You can't stroll around the street with a rifle and not be obvious, and it's in these PUBLIC areas that we seem to have the fear and worry (as in your case, as well as in mine).  http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00046149.htm#00001168.gif  (from http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00046149.htm)  Why are so many kids getting killed by FIREARMS?  I don't think we have enough of an educated/stable society (in all states) to have such lax gun laws. I think if we shaped up our overall crime rates and reduced poverty, etc., we could be entitled to more lax firearm laws without a significant increase in homicides/violent crimes. So in that way, yes, people are MORE so the problem than the weapons, however, without the weapons people don't seem to participate in as many homicides.  As I said, I don't feel strongly yet, either way, I'm still exploring this topic.
I agree with your idea that crime is a people problem, not a gun problem. That a stable, prosperous, and just society will deal with crime and gun crime together.   I don't agree with your solution.  That is like saying:  1) If people don't vote for the right president. Then we will take away the right to vote until they learn how to vote for the right president.  2) People don't need the right to remain silent. Good people don't need it, but bad people do. Until bad people learn to be good, then the right to remain silent will be taken away from EVERYONE.  3) People don't get the right to a free press until they learn to read and write properly.  4) People don't get the right to worship God until the learn to responsibly worship God.  ....Shall I continue? These have nothing to do with the topic at hand, they can all be debated in their own right. You suggest that gun control advocates want to remove ALL guns, that's simply not true. They want more restrictions and a decrease in handguns for the most part. Basically, no one that really wants a gun for non-criminal reasons should be denied one, but they can't just say "yeah, I want one.", and get it without proving they can responsibly weild it. You know, same as going to fly a plane. You can't just get in one and legal start zooming around. You need to be trained, coached, get expensive experience flying, etc., etc. before you GET to take advantage of that right. No different.   Rights are removed only AFTER a person has been convicted by a judge and jurry and NEVER before. Statistics, social studies, and criminal probabilities are NEVER justification to remove 1 person's rights. That one person must be found guilty of a specific crime and convicted, then thier rights are removed, but never before. That is our system of justice and democracy.  What you propose is to remove rights and pass a guilty judgement on me with 0 crime commited, no judge, no jurry, and no convicted. You are basing your reason to remove rights based on the statisical probability of me commiting a crime. That NEVER happens in our democracy for ANY reason  There is no such thing as: 1) Giving giving speeding tickets to 10 out of 10 passing a stop light, based on the sample 99% of drivers in my county speed.  You're talking about applying criminal action to non-criminals without proving guilt, that's a different arguement.  2) If 1% of people shop lift, then that is probable cause (4th Amedment) to search 100% of people leaving a shopping mall.  Far less than 1% of people commit acts of violence in airplanes, but they screen 100% of us. So I don't think that's a good example since it already happens(!) That the public safety outweighs certain rights, if the majority feels it's a worthwhile trade-off? That's true.  If you want to restrict me or a group of people of thier rights, then we all get a trial. You must prove us guilty before you remove our rights, but never before. I'm not sure how this relates. Restricting rights through legislation has never required proof of guilt. Why would it now? Did the patriot act have to prove a civilian guilty before it invaded their right to privacy? Of course not. Heck, legisltators said point blank "we don't even read the entire bill, never have, never will." Talk about no trial, they don't even read the full document. The patriot act might have some worthwhile trade-offs, but they never asked you or me, and the legislators didn't really read it(!), so your rights can change in the blink of an eye. It's the battle afterwards that often enacts the change.  I have given up so many "rights" to the irresponsible minority, that I've lost count. However, I often choose safety over indlugence, and generally those rights are focused around action in the public space, not private life. If I can still go home and do what I want, I don't care quite so much about toting a handgun around as I shop for groceries.  I didn't see a response to the firearm rate link...any comment on that? Personally I was a bit shocked at the rate in this country compared to other countries.  -Mach
I'm not worried about them banning all guns. That would never happen. I'm worried about them banning handguns or other certain firearms not used for hunting. They'll keep chipping away until we are at the same level the UK and Australia is. Crime in the UK is huge, they might not have the firearm deaths, but other instruments replaced firearms. Australia even had heavily regulate swords recently, because people were taking them to pubs and chopping off arms.  Slippery slope? I understand this psychological fear, that giving an inch, even if it's the right thing to do, is bad because you fear you'll lose it all because...well, it's debatable. But it's not constructive IMO. If it's the right thing to do, you do it, and it doesn't mean a slow "erosion" of anything. I know in the polarized political arena, any inch given is an inch your opposition gains and therefore it's "evil". But we're the citizens, we generally have a much better understanding of where the sweet spot is with restrictions or allowances of the law.  You can buy an plane and operate it over uninhabited land. Many of people do it each year without a problem in ultra lights. No license or training needed. For future reference, flying is a privilege not a right.  I see no entitlements to flying on planes in the Constitution. Fell free to point it out to me.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but there was no such thing as "flying on a plane" when it was written, so it's maybe not the best example.  No, it doesn't need proof of guilt. On the other hand, any law violating the Constitution, no matter how good or bad, is null and void. You want to limit or ban certain firearms? Have the 2nd Amendment changed in the constitution so that it says you can. That's the proper and right way of doing it, like it or not.  The proper way is whatever legistlation passes, don't confuse yourself with absoultes, since there are none. You must also think a number of laws currently on the books are "null and void", and since they aren't "null and void", I don't buy the argument that they "are". You can't own certain guns right now, and it's not null and void...  Ignorant people will always be so, there is not stopping them with laws. In public space, I have just as much right as anyone to do what I please so long as I am doing no harm to another person. That's why it's called public space. What if the government banned public assemblies or public churches. Would this not violate our right to peacfully assemble or worship in the manner we choose? They, just like restrictions on the 2nd Amendment, or violations of the Constitution.  There is no stopping what ignorants/criminals will do, but you can certainly minimize the damage they do.  I want to see overall numbers, resulting from any source of violence, not just firearms. Chances are things will be very different when seen that way. Removing firearms from society does not prevent crime, it prevents crime conducted with firearms (although not completely). Criminals then find suitable substitutes and continue with their lives. At the same time, you also severaly cut the public's ability to defend itself and society will see an increase in both criminal/victim confrontations and daylight home invasions due to lack of fear. This is all evident in the UK following their gun control  From what I've read last night, I saw a number of statistics that pointed out that crime doesn't shift from one bracket to another like you might be pointing to. The link web site I linked above may have some of that, I'll certainly keep my eye out for that too. Much of comitting a crime is a threshold, guns can lower that threshold.  People say things like "well get a better population that doesn't want to commit so many crimes." That's fine, we can work TOWARDS that too, but right now we're living with a high homicide rate with handguns, it's not enough to "hope for a more responsible population."   -Mach
Look here Numbers out of context and with no comparison don't tell the whole story.  I've been reading a lot due to this topic (well, with what little evening time I have), and I noticed that a particular series of "contextual analysis" were done and linked all over the place. When I found the sources it either a private organization that supported gun rights, or the NRA, which is even more obviously polarized.   While reading last night I found two frequent sources. One that talked about "the facts", and "the real deal", and their sources all linked backed to priviate pro-gun groups or directly to the NRA, like your link. A number of others, on the opposite side, were hardcore anti-gun sites. I don't really think either are useful as a single source. I looked hard (in the short time I have in the evenings!) to find fairly neutral sources, like raw statistics or in the above case, the CDC. It did have a number of comparison rates, and I don't know what context we need than the clear definition of what the statistics were measuring. If you read the first site and not just the pic, you'll the analysis, but it doesn't say "this is because of this." It sites some references, and doesn't make broad statements as if they were fact.  The rate for firearm-related deaths among children in the United States (1.66) was 2.7-fold greater than that in the country with the next highest rate (Finland, 0.62)  I think this is the key, I've seen other posters say similar things: (From same CDC link)  "Editorial Note: The findings in this report document a high rate of death among U.S. children associated with violence and unintentional firearm-related injuries, particularly in comparison with other industrialized countries. Even though rates in all other countries were lower than those in the United States, rates among other countries varied substantially and were particularly low in some countries. Although specific reasons for the differences in rates among countries are unknown, previous studies have reported on the associations between rates of violent childhood death and low funding for social programs (6), economic stress related to participation of women in the labor force (7,8), divorce, ethnic-linguistic heterogeneity, and social acceptability of violence (9). "  Shoot! If I ever wanted to get serious about gun laws my wife would have to quit work??? OK, I throw in the towel!! ;)  Seriously though, makes you wonder if we should be supporting more stringent immigration laws, social programs, and something to ease tensions between culture/race. That is, if we want to save those statistical lives. And another disclaimer - I'm just providing some devil's advocate on a very interesting topic. I really do think civilillians not being completely without the power to resist the military is a profoundly positive thing. We all know what happens when power gets into too few hands...  -Mach
Any law violating the Constitution is null and void.  Would somebody PLEASE tell the president this? His adminsitration has been penning laws that are in total disregard of it the entirety of his term.   As it is - gun ownership is a constitutional right. But I am all about regulating it. Not so much what kind of guns people have - cuz face it, they all kill - to worry about the type of gun just seems silly to me.  However - I do think gun owners should have a)prove they can safely handle the gun, b)register their guns. I also think they should be held accountable if their irresponsibility leads to injury or death (i.e., gun left where troubled teen can get it and they blow away their class-mates). I am not talking about being held accountable for what happens if the weapon if it is stolen from a secure place. I am talking about loaded weapons left around where they can be accessed by - oh - whoever happens by.  My mom knew somebody whose three year old nephew blew his brains out because dad slept with a loaded gun under his pillow. Stupidy like that is inexcusable and that dad should be legally accountable.  I do have to say - I don't get it. I don't like guns. They give me the weeby jeebies. I certainly would not feel safe with one in my house. I live in Mpls' roughest neighborhood and it would just give the gang bangers something to want to steal from me.  **shudder**  But to each their own.  However, despite my dislike of guns, I do not want to take them away from law-abiding, responsible people.
 Any law violating the Constitution is null and void. The 2nd Amendment clearly states "...shall not be infringed." Anyone can tell that banning something from ownership is infringement. Since banning firearms started in the '80's, we would need SCOTUS case where firearm ownership was an issue. There hasn't been one to my knowledge and they keep not accepting such cases to prevent having to rule on such a controversial subject.  What's law is law, you can't say "null and void", or "violating", they have no reference. The law is the law, and the courts interpret the law. There is no other law. Stop getting it all mixed up.  The FIRST amendment is a right to free speech. Yet you can't say certain things BY LAW on broadcast. Yet oddly enough..., there are countless examples of laws that add the fine details to the constitutional rights for the good of the country and curb, to some degree, the broadly interpreted rights granted by amendments.   -Mach
come on, everyone knows that uzi's are used for hunting and target practice!  [btw- if you were shooting for french it's "libertรฉ" but who cares]
Why would I need an UZI? So I can pawn it? So someone can break into my house and steal it while I'm at work?   Why would anyone use an UZI to hunt deer? Aren't those things not so accurate?
why do you need a SUV, a house, anything for a hobby?  why do you need rights? why do you think we need the goverment to play perant to us?  I don't need an SUV.  I need a house for the obvious reasons.  I don't think the governement should be our parents but they are. When drugs are legal, you can have your UZI. When I don't have to pay FICA, you can have your UZI. When titties can be shown on TV, you can have your UZI. Actually, no one can stop you from buying your UZI anyway.
sorry, I was spilling over from another thread  yea, i am one of the multitude that had no idea about the AWB until a few days ago, when I hear "assault weapon" I immediately picture a fully automatic high-power rifle with a huge clip (a machine gun, if you will)  apparently, (and perplexingly) that's not what was banned under the "assault weapon" ban (tip: don't listen to me, i have no idea what i'm talking about on this one)
 you use a slug when hunting a deer, not buck shot. I'm just being a nitpick here, but if it's not used for hunting deer then why is it called buck shot?
This is probably going to be a short thread. I just don't have a reason that you would consider "good". I doubt I can offer any new insight that you haven't heard before.  It's just that everything has consequences. I know that you're just having fun. But your fun has cost a price that's too high. We all have to pay the price if only in fear.  Crime goes on. I know that. Example: I was in Belgium. My husbands pocket got picked. They're good. They have a skill. Here in America, robbery is scarey. There, it's a travel story. Almost a fond memory. It was only about $20 and we laugh about it.  I suppose at this point there's no point arguing the subject. The damage is done. There are so many guns on the streets, that if the honest people turned theirs in the criminals would still have the rest.  I just don't honestly understand why we have to wrangle so about registration and waiting periods. Why do honest people have to have their newest toy TODAY. And why does it have to be a secret that they have it. I know what I'm afraid of. What are you afraid of?  A little common sense would go a long way. The words are there, in the constitution. I'm stuck with it. Although I don't honestly think they ever envisioned a car jacking with teflon bullets. They envisioned the citizenry rising up if those dang red coats ever came back.  I was kidding before. Sex will be outlawed before the guns are gone. So relax. Now there's a thought. Sex starved people with guns. That's something to really be afraid of. LOL  P.S. I have an arsenel, too. Mostly antiques from dead relatives that used to hunt. Wouldn't matter to me at all of they were all gone. It was years of trying to make sure the children didn't find them.
Ok. Now I'm laughing really hard. Truly.  I actually just read a post by a guy who thinks that we could use them to overthrow an oppressive government. Please don't. My city will look like Fallujah.
i worry that the same law makers who push for registration are the same ones who want to ban all guns. for an example "If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in, I would have done it." -Senator Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif, discussing the 1994 "crime bill", So what. Congress can pass any law it wants. Doesn't mean it will stand up in court.  The first portion, "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State," is a qualifier to what follows "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." It seems pretty clear to me. But I'm not one of the Justices. This decision has been made, although I don't like it or agree with it. I don't see where today's hobbyist meets the intent - most especially in the well-regulated part. But there comes a point where what the dead guys thought just doesn't matter that much. It is 200+ years later. They left us with the ability to adjust with time and we've done that. They recognized their own shortcomings which might have the the wisest thing they did. The current interpretation is clear. We look at the last portion of the statement only. I don't think that, as I said before, a little common sense, is going to alter the interpretation in any meaningful way.  After all, I could easily argue (if I was totally stupid) that my front yard is the perfect place for a working cannon. We both know that isn't going to fly. Just where does the armament argument end. With a cannon? Or with a Nuc. Let's face it. They said arms and they meant arms. Not guns. They'd probably let me have the cannon. The founding fathers never envisioned the kind of weapons we'd have available today or what they'd be used for. That's why their thoughts are purposely criptic and open ended. Since we will always draw the line someplace, why not draw it at a good compromise between you and me.
Guys, I know you feel passionately about this. Truthfully, I just think that we'd all be better off if guns weren't everywhere. It's a hobby. That's all it is. But it's a hobby that has ramifications that ripple through our whole society.  I can't change it. I know that. And I just don't have the anti-gun fervor that you think I have.  If I could wish for one thing, and only one thing, it wouldn't be gun control. But then as my son says, Wish in one hand and **** in the other. See which fills up first.
what would it be? i would eather wish for all people to be able to setal problems non-violently, or for my famley to never have to worry about money, bepending on mu mood at the time.I've had time to think about my answer. I predicted your response.  I suppose it would be for true religious freedom. It's making a mess all over the world as well as inside the US.  As I typed my answer, I decided I really need to expand it a bit to say tolerance. A little more live and let live.
Thank you for the very thorough explanation of the legal technicalities. Now I fully understand why I can't visit at an ATM after dark. And what's more, I understand that Benjamin Franklin wanted it that way.
If you want to improve the survivability of a late night ATM visit, get your own gun and learn to use it.I've been called a defeatest multiple times (on other threads) because I say that abortion can't be eliminated. (I'd much rather be debating that.) But this argument tops mine by a country mile.  First, I will NEVER carry a gun. I refuse to lower myself. I refuse to join the throng who say America is so far gone, the best way to proceed is to be prepared to kill at a moment's notice.  Second, if I did have one, should I ask this criminal to wait patiently while I take it from my purse. Or should I get a Quick Draw McGraw holster -- in multiple colors to coordinate with my outfits?  Third, the best chance of survivability is to give them what they want!!!!  Fourth, I'm not a fearful person. And I'm not the type to crumble if I were ever to be the victim of a crime. You see, my Dad was a feminist before it was fashionable.
So you are somehow in a position if you are laying dead on the ground than if you are standing with a smoking gun and your attacker is dead? So be it. I just wouldn't make a good killer. I couldn't look at myself in the mirror. You decide if that makes me morally superior.  I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, part of my responsibility is to protect my wife and my children.Oh Boy. A little old-fashioned? What century did you just step out of. You and I wouldn't make it through our first meal together. I'm married 31 years - just as background info. Chance in .... I'd ever give the time of day to any man who uttered the words "I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, ". Them's fightin' words. Wouldn't matter what followed that phrase. If you'd use that phrase in reference to protecting me, you'd use again to control me. That's the kind of phrase that should signal a wise girl to RUN not walk. I resent the implication that I, as a poor little meek female, should hide behind some big strong man. No second date for you buddy. But then, you wouldn't want one. I don't stroke male egos.  By the way, I said I can't go to an ATM after dark, but that was for dramatics. I do it if I need to. There's a difference between being fearful and street wise.  This may be fun after all. I'm hot under the collar now. Go ahead. Let's see if you can find another comment to turn me to a lesser person because of my sex. Ever hear the phrase, "With one of these, I can get all of those I want."
i feel the same way, and my wife also feels to is her duty to protect me and the kids, there is nothing wrong with the desire to protect your loved ones.So what's she protecting you from? Cholesterol?  in m yhouse, i would be the one out in frount in case of a conflice, but that is dur to me being the only one in the house that has through MOUNT training.I have no idea what MOUNT training is, but I'd rather have a man who doesn't get in to a conflict in the first place. Just what are we talking about here.  WTF?!?So you don't see what's offensive about "I may be a little old fashioned, but I believe that, as the man of the house, ". This is the same phrase that's used to make any and all decisions, totally arbitrarily, based on the virtue of genitals. This easily turns into everything from what color the bathroom is, to when she's allowed a new dress. No no puppy. No pulling rank based on your .......  would it be OK for me to ask my wife to stand behind a big strong, TRAINED man, and cover my back?So now he must be trained? How about earning respect, mutual respect, based on something other than the ability to throw a punch. Actually, I am married to a big strong man. But that's not the fascination. He's not threatened by me. He doesn't need me to swoon. That's attractive.  We have different talents. 31 years and I have no idea if he makes a good body guard. Did I miss out on something?  How does that go? Don't walk in front of me. I may not follow. Don't walk behind me. I may not lead. Walk beside me.
I don't know who to answer first. But I seem to be attracting macho men like flies.  What kind of mass hysteria have you guys fallen victim to? I don't live in the wild wild west. Here I sit in the big bad city never having been the victim of anything. Nor has anyone in my family. The worst thing that happened was 20 years ago when somebody robbed my inlaws house while they WEREN'T HOME. Evidently, they were only looking for cash, there wasn't any to be found so they literally took the piggy bank. Get a grip.  I'm not a fearful person either. I've been in several bad situations, one of which, had I not had a gun in, I would be dead right now.Several, huh? What is it about you that makes you a repetitive victim? Maybe you should rethink where you're hanging out - and possibly your behavior while you're there.  I'm not going to belittle your position, but I do have to disagree on your remark that the best chance of survivability is to give them what they want. This IS defeatist attitude. It also cost 3000+ American's their lives. Never, EVER give a criminal what he wants during a crime.First, 9/11 had nothing to do with gun ownership. Second, why then, oh why, is every cashier and teller trained to give just 'em the money. Why is it that the only ones that make the news are the ones where the guy behind the counter pulled a gun. Frequently, it's his blood on the wall. Armed robbery, that's about the only thing that I seriously envision myself being the victim of. Armed robbers want the money, not me. They're not looking to commit murder unless forced. Nobody has a vendenta against me personally. I can promise you that noone is out there planning my demise. And may I point out, the only reason the armed robber is armed is because of guns. If he wasn't armed he'd pick my pocket, just like in Europe.  I carry a gun, my wife carries a gun and when my children are old enough they too will carry a gun.Oh goodie. Can't wait to have a fender bender with one of you and get shot as we argue over whose fault it is. Next thing you know, I'll be one more of those "situations".  Men are generally bigger, stronger, and more aggressive. If somebody is going to stand and fight,..... I go thte the ATM whenever I want, day or night. I know I can handle whatever happens.You said it all. That attitude is just making your own trouble. Now you're trying to convince me that trouble is everywhere, it just unavoidable. No. It's not. Are you sure trouble is finding you? Chicken or egg?  It's that go get 'em attitude and irrational fear that I refuse to lower myself to.  By the way, told my husband last evening about our conversation. Told him somebody said "as the man of the house". His answer, "Oh my God." He thinks it's all pretty amusing. You had his ire up for about 10 seconds with the "trained" remark. Briefly considered replying himself, but he got over it. He just walked away laughing and saying how much he loves to sig me on the world.
kickin50, i should appolige, i had thought that you were some one who I could try to understand the anti-gun point of view. You and I were having a perfectly civil conversation until some changed the subject from target shooting and hunting and what impact this has on society as a whole, to why I should be packing. Just when did it change from why do I want to take your guns to how come I don't have one? Me carrying a gun. That's just not going to happen.  And there is no way I can say it's a good thing to arm anybody and everybody on the street who steps up and says they'd like one. It's not only unnecessary, it's dangerous. There's way too many people walking our streets, carrying a gun, that aren't wrapped too tight. No amount of firearm training is going to turn an overly aggressive paranoid into a person with good judgment. They got that gun because they're an overly aggressive paranoid or just plain a trouble maker. It won't be a robber the vast majority of them pull that gun on. It will be a fight over a parking space. Crazies get legal guns too. And I don't mean the technically diagnosable kind. These aren't people who want to take their target pistol out and around with them. They never owned a gun at all until they could keep it in their glove box. They're the same loud mouth that got bounced out of the bar last Saturday. And every one of them makes our lives a little more dangerous.  Rightly or wrongly, they perceive women as weaker and easier targets for robbery. He may also have another motive to choose you which would exclude me: he may wish to make you the victim of a sexual assault. More scare tactics. Life is odds. Just like Vegas. I could get run over by a bus, too. Bad things happen to good people. There's just no guarantee no matter what. 6 possibilities:  1. Without a gun - I won't be a victim. 2. Without a gun - I'll be a victim. I'll survive. 3. Without a gun - I'll be a victim. I won't survive. 4. With a gun - I won't be a victim. 5. With a gun - I'll be a victim. I'll survive. 6. With a gun - I'll be a victim. I won't survive.  You're focusing in strictly on 2 of the 6 possibilities -- #3 and #5. Chances are 4 out of 6 that I'm right. So long as I don't have a gun at all, the odds are 2 out of 3. I like my odds way better.  As for rape, yep. Could happen. That's #2. Hope I don't get a disease. I wouldn't crawl in to a hole and pull it in after me. Life goes on. A woman's reaction to that is based totally on her personality. I can see how it would be tougher on a young girl - teen or inexperienced. But I for one, stopped taking that quite so seriously after a few trips to the delivery room. Mind if I look, they say? He.. no. Everybody else has. :) We're a teaching hospital you know. Yeah. I figured that out. We'll talk after you've been in the stirrups more times than you can count. Scooch down they say. Just a little more they say. About the time you have your knees in your ears, you begin to realize that you're just not that special. It's time to get over yourself. More than you wanted to know? :) :) :)   Yet, if a man ever gets me into a situation where he has a gun pointed at me while demanding my wallet, I would be unlikely to try and outdraw his trigger pull.Exactly. I think I said that a long time ago. So, I should have this thing handy at all times why? For a preemptive strike? I'd never do that anyway, (so much for #5) and it would make my purse way too heavy for no good reason. Also, I eliminate the #6 possibility where I didn't survive because I had the gun. Logic people. Logic. Play the odds. They're on your side if you leave the gun at home.  if you are looking for sexism, you will find it.I already did. Read above. I wondered how long it would take for the rape warning. Ever since the topic changed to self protection, the tone has been all about me and why it's just not safe for me to walk out the door. This woman thing is just another strike against me. So how come I'm the one having the nice peaceful life. Not all the rest can say that.
Please back this statement up with facts or statistics that support it. Besides common sense? But okay. Story on MSNBC 10 minutes ago. Florida. Guy walked in to a Radio Shack. Opened fire. Then killed himself. No clue why he did it. Had been involved in a road rage incident earlier that day. That would be an example of a nut with a gun. And no. He's not a criminal - not in the sense that we were talking about. He's not a robber. Just a crazy with a gun. Has personal problems and decided to go out in a blaze of glory. I like my odds fine with the criminals. These guys -- I don't like so well. You'd want me to with you were there, too. Sorry. The solution is if he didn't have a gun at all.  The DOJ has always said that people who have a concealed carry permit are far, far LESS likely to engage in criminal behaviour or initiate hosatile confrontations. A guy with a carry permit isn't a criminal. I never said or implied he was. He's a vigilante. He doesn't initiate it. He just ends it. If there weren't so many guns, there wouldn't be anything to end. This is just a downward spiral. Your little DOJ fact is true - as far as it goes.
Will I be alive tomorrow? There are 2 possibilities: 1. I will die. 2. I will live.  That means there's a 50% chance I will die, right?  How about this one:  What will the weather be like on the north poll tomorrow? There are two possibilities: 1. 80ยฐ or warmer 2. below 80ยฐ  So, apparently there are pretty good odds that it will be warm enough to go to the north poll without a coat.  As you can see, assuming that all outcomes are equally possible is a mistake.No the odds aren't 50/50. Just like the odds in my example aren't 33/33/33. My odds are way better. But you already knew that.
Macho men? Gee, let's stick to the topic and avoid the barbs please.This is exactly what it's about. Women and SOME men see problems and how to solve them very differently. Left brain, right brain. There are lots of us out here that just don't find that type of male train of thought logical. Men look for ways to fight back. Women look for ways to not start it in the first place. Luckily there are lots of men out there who share my point of view. That's how they get the girls, too.  Women live in a different culture. We just don't encounter the same kinds of conflict. That's not my weakness. That's my advantage. We're on the outside watching the guys do this testosterone thing. Frankly, some of us are wondering. And can you honestly tell me that there aren't men out there who want a gun just to get that masculine "edge"? Those are just the ones that shouldn't have it.  Story from my son this morning. He's 23. 6' 3". Last night he was at a country western bar/dance hall. Can you imagine. A city boy who loves to line dance. Goes every week. Well, last night he met a girl. Somebody else had his eye on her too. The girl whispered to my son, "get this guy away from me." So, he stepped up behind her and kissed her neck. He was signaling, without saying a word, that he had dibs - thinking the other guy would just back off and give up. Nope. The other guy reached out, grabbed my sons arm and twisted it. My son twisted his arm back the other way - only much harder. Then he let go - looked down at the other guy by about 8 inches and swooshed at the air for the other guy to leave. Said don't make me hurt you. The bar tender was watching and had the bouncer throw the other guy out. That short guy was carrying his broken masculinity in a basket. Now are you going to tell me that the world would be a better place if that short guy had a gun in his car and was waiting for my son in the parking lot? That's the real danger in handing out guns willie nillie. There's no way to put an end to that macho man behaviour. That's exactly what it is - macho men. I'd just prefer it to go down the way it always did. A punch in the mouth. Guns aren't an improvement. Dentists made good money the old-fashioned way. I'm more than willing to take my chances with the armed robber - whom, if I had my way, would have a very hard time being armed in the first place.  We did, however, find a girl who likes hiding behind one of those big strong men. I could give her lessons in how to dump a guy on her own. She didn't need any help. 50 ways to leave your lover. Just get on the bus, Gus. Make a new plan, Stan. la la la la There are much easier ways than starting a bar fight.  Reminds me of a story from a few years ago. My other son who's also 6'3' - except this one is a body builder besides. He belongs to the my body is a temple club. Was in a city traffic jam one day - driving a little Escort. Guy in front of him watching in his rear view mirror mistakenly thought my son flipped him the bird. So he got out and came back to my sons car door. Tried to start something. My son got out of that little car, looked down on my him by, again, about 8 inches, and said - Get back in your car little man. He did. Should somebody have had a gun that day?  Then there's one of that son's friends who got a kick out of starting something just to watch my son finish it. My son had to tell him next time he was on his own. That put an end to that.  I never cease to be amazed at the number of guys that try to take on my big boys. It's not unusual. They go out of their way to do it. What the :xcensored are they thinking. It almost looks like 6'3" makes them targets like climbing Mount Everest - because it's there - bragging rights for years. What goes on out there amongst the men is not to be believed. Nobody's been successful with my boys yet but maybe if we give guns to everybody else......  I'm glad you have only had a robbery when you weren't at home. You are very lucky. A friend of mine lost her parents when a man broke the law and brought a firearm into a restaurant and killed quite a few people. You may have heard of the incident, it was the Lubby's Diner in Killeen, Texas. My friend went on to become a state legislator. With her help, the state law was changed to prevent such a tragedy from occuring again.I heard about it. What law could possible stop a nut with a gun? What he did was illegal before and after he did it. He knew that. He didn't care. A new law isn't going to make him care. That's just something extra or different to charge him with after the bodies are picked up. So what was the solution? Metal detector at the restaurant door? How about take away the guns. Now there's a real solution.  I used to work in a place that was located in a very bad area. Since Virginia has enacted the right to carry laws, that place has changed dramatically. It is no longer the crime haven it once was. The reason I was put in these situations was due to my job duties. I'll leave it at that.Then you always had the right to a carry permit. Every state has always had the availability to people with a valid reason. Everything is a give and take. There's a downside to everything. I'm glad your bad neighborhood is better - but now there could be that guy in the parking lot last night. Nothing got cured. Just spread around.  9/11 has a lot to do with gun control. Had anyone on those planes been armed with a handgun, 9/11 would not have happened. Yet, the zone of disarmament continues there and other places. Ever notice that violent crimes always happen were guns are forbidden? Like schools? Office buildings? planes? You never see a mass shooting at a gun show...I'm pretty sure that guns on planes is just what they're trying to avoid. And have you noticed that forbidding them isn't having the desired effect? Thank you for making my point.  I disagree with the notion that tellers and counter workers should give over the money. It encourages robbery and crime overall. Twenty years ago, that tactic was okay, today, the criminal mind is more violent and they do it for kicks. It's a mental control thing for them. So what are you saying. The average cashier or teller should risk it for the betterment of society? Count me out. Them. Them. Them. The chances of me encountering the THEM criminal is highly unlikely. The chances of me encountering the upstanding nut with a gun is going up every day.  As for a fenderbender, again, let's stop with the inuendo and barbs and stick to the topic. Your comments are typical of those who cannot articulate a proper argument for their stance and must result to attempting to ridicule your opponent. I'll give you a bit of advice, it didn't work for Kerry or the rest of the Democrats and it doesn't work for you.   MikeThe fender bender thing. Don't we both wish it wasn't a true story. About as big as the Lubby's Dinner story. Did you hear that one? Couple years ago. Alabama? Louisiana? Woman in the driver's seat pulled her gun and shot the other woman in the face. That's what irrational fear does.
while worrying what your family, friends, and co-workers will say about you the next day; and while knowing that if we ever get to a trial some snot-nosed defense attorney will blame you for somehow encouraging your attacker or for allowing it to happen to you. while worrying what your family, friends, and co-workers will say about you the next day? That would be the least of my concerns. Rape is a highly underreported crime. You've successfully listed many reasons why - but you missed one. That's the one where the woman coped - so well in fact - that it just wasn't worth the trouble. The emotional trauma and outrage just isn't there. What do the ones who report it all have in common? Serious injury and/or emotional trauma and outrage. It doesn't mean that 100% of the victims have those issues. It only means that 100% of the women who reported it did have those issues. It doesn't mean the other kind doesn't exist. Many didn't get counseling because they didn't want or need it.  I'm not advising that you should live in fear of crimes like this or that you should carry a gun. Each of us views the likelihood that violent crime will ever affect us through the lenses of our own prior experience and current circumstances. You have done so in weighing the advantages and disadvantages to yourself of possessing a firearm. You've made what you believe to be a rational choice not to have a firearm, and under your circumstances I can't say that you've made the wrong choice. But there are other people in this world who haven't lived under the same happy circumstances that you or I enjoy and take for granted. Many of them have come to the conclusion that possessing a firearm for protection is the right thing for them. You may feel free to dismiss their concerns about crime as frivolous. You may feel free to label them as succumbing to paranoia because of their desire to protect themselves from violent crime. I will not criticize them, however, because I believe that to do so without having any understanding of how their circumstances differ from mine is terribly elitist. As I said before, there has always been allowances for those who truly had a valid reason. Would it surprise you to know my husband had one? 1970s New York State. He had a pistol and he liked to target shoot. But had to get a permit just to transport it back and forth to the firing range. It wasn't a carry permit. It was only to transport it. Took 6-8 weeks for a THOROUGH investigation just to get that. In order to get a carry permit, you had to prove need. What's wrong with that. He got it. He had his fun. He had to wait a little while. So what. I see nothing wrong with discouraging every Tom, Dick, and Harry. And that gun was NEVER going to fall into the hands of a criminal. It was registered. He was fingerprinted. He, personally, was responsibile for that gun -- and he knew it. Not a chance he'd sell it, give it away, pawn it.... Had it ever come up missing, he'd have been on the phone pronto reporting that his gun, serial # ------ was gone. That's responsible gun ownership - when you make somebody truly responsible and answerable.  Now if you want to get away from the slippery slope of individual self-protection, then let me ask your opinion of what lies at the heart of the gun control debate: Do you believe that the 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual right to keep and bear firearms?Why does everything have to be so black and white. Why does everything have to be taken to the extreme. I just described responsible gun ownership in the last paragraph. But that requires all 50 states to get on board. No buying it down South and bringing it across state lines. My father had guns. He loved to hunt ducks. Kept dogs to do it with.  Do I believe that it should be interpreted so broadly as to put one in every pocket and have it alter the face of our society? No.
And just who are these gun toting ladies afraid of? Not the other women. Come on guys. Handle it at the source.
One more thing. I'm not naive in case that's what any of you think.  My feminist dad started teaching me early on how to not be the easiest target. He wanted me to be free to move around the world and live my life. He raised all daughters and was determined that we shouldn't let anybody or anything stand in our way.  Example: my daughter-in-law (before they were married) was apartment hunting. I went along. Looked at one apartment. It's the one she got by the way. Had 4 apartments to a building. Big glass front - 2 story floor to ceiling so that the entire foyer was visible from the street. The stairway had open backs so that nobody could hide under the staircase. And I suggested a second story apartment because it's harder to break in to. I pointed out those positives. She looked at me like I was nuts.  That's not something I work at doing. It's an unconscious evaluation of my surroundings. It's automatic for me. Like defensive driving. Not something that gets turned on and off.  So no. I don't think I'm just lucky. Nor am I afraid. It's street wise. A few more women would do well to learn what I was taught. They'd feel less vulnerable. It will probably serve them better than a gun. How to not be the easiest target. My dad used to say, just make it easier for them to pick somebody else. That's all you need. So you can gather that the world wasn't such a wonderful place back then either.
The same thing as gun totting men, plus rape. I have one friend that has a wierd ex-boyfriend stalking her; calling her several times a day, leaving haunting messages on her voicemail and letters in her mailbox. She keeps a gun handy and I don't blame her. If he decides to do something, no restraining order is going to protect you from harm.Ohe more somebody with a valid reason who could have gotten a permit anyway. But a restraining order is still a good idea. That way if she ever does have to shoot him, there won't be any question in the courts.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- - Adolph Hitler while being interviewed sometime during ww2 stated that he could never attack America on there soil because the American people are to well armed and every farm house would be a major battle.Iraq looks pretty well armed. That didn't keep us out. But it's not over yet. Maybe it will!?!?!
Now see Kickin50, there are probably a lot of things we can agree on. Rape is a horrible crime which is underreported (and you would be truly surprised at how many victims hesitate to report the crime out of fear at how their family and friends will react to the news). It also sounds like you and I can agree that firearm ownership in and of itself is not a bad or evil thing. It seems certain we agree that responsible firearm ownership should be taught and encouraged to those who own firearms (believe it or not, this is what the NRA primarily does).  I'm not here merely to try and score cheap debate points with you. I'm not trying to be your enemy. You shouldn't assume that every question has to be so starkly black and white. I just want to talk with you and share opinions on the private ownership of firearms. For example, I'd like to talk with you about some of the current issues involving firearm restrictions, such as the recent expiration of the AW ban, the ban on possession by convicted felons, etc. To do so, however, I think that we must start with expressing our views on what the Constitution says. My question was: Does an individual right exist? Once we answer this question, then we can move to: What is its scope-what does it protect-which restrictions on the right can survive a constitutional challenge-if they cannot, and if you still wanted the restriction, then could you re-write the law so it could be upheld? (Note that I assume the answer is "yes, an individual right exists." But if you disagree, and want to take the Brady Campaign "collective" right interpretation, then I'll gladly discuss that with you as well) In any event I think it was only your fear that I was trying to lay a trap to catch you and run off an "extreme" direction which prevented you from answering the question with anything other than "no" out of a fear that a "yes" answer would "put one in every pocket and have it alter the face of our society."   I recognize that this is a tremendous fear in the "anti-gun" community. I'm not trying to lump you into that group, but I do know that too many people within it fear that if they acknowledge an individual RKBA then all restrictions on the right will have to be dissolved and we will see people rushing out to buy their full-auto machine guns and private tanks. I don't know where this knee-jerk reaction comes from in the anti movement, but it does not come from any rational interpretation of constitutional law. In my poor opinion this fear leads to a tremendous amount of Orwellian "doublethink" to avoid accepting what the Second Amendment says. But merely admitting that the individual right exists does not spell the doom of all possible regulation of the right. As I have said before, the right cannot be absolute. After all, your rights to free speech and to be free of unreasonable searches and seizures are riddled with exceptions. Likewise, the 2nd. Amendment cannot be free of all limitation. I merely want to know, as a starting point, whether you believe that the individual right exists. We can talk about the scope of the right later if you want.I'm just not sure that I'm the right person to ask such "technical" questions of. Gun ownership or restriction is just not a passion with me. I don't even know what the "collective" interpretation is.  All I can say is that I can envision a compromise where hunters can have their fun while society at large is relatively safe. Be aware the there are lots of people like me out there. And phrases like "assault weapons" push all the same buttons as "partial birth abortion". You guys have a real PR problem. Every time the NRA opens it's mouth, it gets worse.  Basically, the problem comes in when we hear about bullets designed to go through bullet proof vests and huge clips that can mow down trees. We don't see the sport to be found in those things. As I said before, my dad loved to hunt - ducks and pheasant. He also fished -- and ice fished. It was the challenge he was after. He wasn't interested in tipping the odds in his favor. Wasn't even interested in deer. Said it was too easy. Not that I'm maligning deer hunters. It's just his concept of the hunt that I rely on. I can promise you that if he was here today, he wouldn't want one of those electronic fish finders. It was the sport of matching wits with the fish that he loved.  As I've said in so many posts, guns have always been a part of somebody's life in my family. I don't hate them as such.  But...... rifles and shotguns and even pistols, and concealed weapons are just not the same animal. And certainly, there are those carrying concealed weapons that just shouldn't be. Not every gun owner is as stable as we'd wish.   Here's a cut/paste from a post I wrote on 11-19. I was talking about pistols:  As I said before, there has always been allowances for those who truly had a valid reason. Would it surprise you to know my husband had one? 1970s New York State. He had a pistol and he liked to target shoot. But had to get a permit just to transport it back and forth to the firing range. It wasn't a carry permit. It was only to transport it. Took 6-8 weeks for a THOROUGH investigation just to get that. In order to get a carry permit, you had to prove need. What's wrong with that. He got it. He had his fun. He had to wait a little while. So what. I see nothing wrong with discouraging every Tom, Dick, and Harry. And that gun was NEVER going to fall into the hands of a criminal. It was registered. He was fingerprinted. He, personally, was responsibile for that gun -- and he knew it. Not a chance he'd sell it, give it away, pawn it.... Had it ever come up missing, he'd have been on the phone pronto reporting that his gun, serial # ------ was gone. That's responsible gun ownership - when you make somebody truly responsible and answerable.  -------------------------------------------------------  I don't honestly understand what's wrong with that system. I don't see an infringement of anybody's rights - at least not anybody we care about. The problem lies in getting the unauthorized ones off the street - and getting the cooperation of people who are willing to be as responsible as in the last paragraph. And with each day, that problem only gets worse.  It's not a slippery slope. It's a system used for many years - in some places.  At the risk of being called an elitist :) some of this problem may come from the migration of population in the last few decades. The population density has shifted to cities and states that never coped before - with everything that a large population means - from traffic jams to crime. There's a culture clash going on. Those "new" big cities and states are dealing in the way that has historically served them well. As the method "catches on" to cities that never did, we're not taking to these ideas so well. We're saying, hey, we've got generations of practice and our methods work, too. The concept of readily available hand guns and concealed weapons is changing OUR long standing way of life. Bet you never thought of it that way. So you see, it's not about you as much as it's about me.
But the only people who HAVE bullets designed premierly to penetrate bulletproof vests are law enforcement. They are generally not available on the civilian market. This is another of those technical problems. A .17 will go through a bulletproof vest easily. That is a reound commonly used for furbearers. A jacketed .308, 30-06, or a 7MM magnum will also go through a bulletproof vest easily. Those are the most popular deer hunting rounds in the country. In my state (kansas) the only round legal to hunt deer with that would not penetrate a bullet proof vest is a .30-.30, and that is not a very popular deer round anymore (many people consider it underpowered).Surprise. I actually did know that these descriptive names aren't all that useful - although I couldn't quote the .17 .308 30-06 etc. It doesn't alter your PR problem.  First, your argument here makes no sense. It is not logical. you are still arguing that by regulating law abiding citizens, you are somehow going to effect criminals. This doesn't make sense. How is making the guy who has never had any mental problems, any kind of criminal tendancies, jump through a bunch of hoops, going to effect people who are not inclined to follow the law? This is just a logical fallacy. It is non linear reasoning. Of course it makes sense. In order to make them readily available to you, they're readily available to everybody. I don't know why they bother with background checks at all. They're just a sales tool used to convince people like me that the pro-gun community is attempting to compromise. They're obviously not doing any good. The problem with guns is that they're cheap. Relatively. You can quote the $1000 dollar model that you bought and love dearly - would never let out of your sight - but they're also available for much less. A murder weapon, a criminal tool, is so inexpensive that it can be considered a disposable item. No matter how much it cost or didn't cost, no matter what's the individual invested emotionally or didn't invest emotionally, it's still a gun. That's the link that ties. You're forever tied to that other kind of gun owner, whether you like it or not. Gun ownership is your commonality. Every step to protect your rights enables them.  But you are incorrect when you say that your methods work. Crime has always been much higher in cities. Always, no exceptions. This would imply that the problem is not with us country bumpkins, or in the way we do things, but with you all city folk and the way YOU do things. Your methods have never worked well, ever. Cities have always been crime ridden, and the polices they enact in an attempt to alleviate the crime problem have always backfired. Elitest? I think not. You folks have social problems that the rest of us cannot even fathom, and frankly, to a lot of the country, it seems that you all are a bunch of XXXXXX. You pass up common sense answers to simple problems, instead preferring to complicate the hell out of everything and base policy decisions on a bunch of idealistic garbage.First, it worked fairly well for many many decades. You're choosing to ignore the WHY it broke down. Because we're states not countries. We have no border security. Back in the day, before interstates and fast cars and lots of money to made in the gun industry, there just wasn't that much importing of guns between states - from states that weren't regulating them. The day came when we were swamped in them because they had been illegally transported across state lines. It didn't sneak up on us. We knew it was happening and we knew it when it was happening. There just was no way to stop it.  I'll glady address "policy decisions on a bunch of idealistic garbage" at the end.  I live in the country in a fairly rural community. Over 90% of the people in my county own guns. I know for a fact that everybody on my road has at least 2 guns in tehri house. We have MUCH lower crime that just about any city you might care to list. On my road, there has NEVER been a violent crime, despite the fact that we have more guns per capita (by SEVERL orders of magnitude) than most places in the US (this is largely due to my personal collection, which is extensive).This one you're ignoring the WHY we have crime. High population areas are what they are. It's never going to change. It's an environment where people who can't afford to live in your neighborhood reside. They simply don't have the assets to head out to the open sky and buy themselves a plot of land. But we'll glady build some low income housing in your town. Can you just imagine the town hall meeting that would bring. What's your logical solution to that? We seem to have missed it here. Everybody there has a gun so you'll teach 'em a lesson or kill 'em off? Problem solved. Do you have jobs there for them to pull themselves out of poverty? Barring those, what are you going to do with those hungry kids?  It's an environment where we bump elbows and it's possible to offend each other's space minute to minute. Arming ourselves certainly doesn't solve that. It makes it worse.  Speaking on non-linear. You're out in the country where there are no opportunities for the segment of the population that has the social problems. Frankly, they have no reason to even visit there. You knew that. That's why you went there. Then you argue that you don't have these problems BECAUSE of your guns. NO. Guns didn't solve it. It never existed.  I am not sure where these peopel come from who are not able to look at a problem and come up with a solution, but instead view a problema nd come up with something that is not only NOT a solution, but does not even remotely touch on the problem.What I just said. We have the problem. We have the solution. You don't have the problem but won't allow us to institute the solution.  However you did say above "You folks have social problems that the rest of us cannot even fathom". Admittedly, you can't fathom it but you're pretty sure you have the solution.  This is the problem with most gun control legislation. Most of it has absolutly NO crime control element built into it, despite the fact that crime control is almost always stated as the problem that they are tryign to address. Having stringent requirements for weapn permits has NOTHING to do with crime control. It is completely lacking in any type of crime control element. It is simply annoying those who are already inclined to follow the law.We're not about crime control. We're about crime prevention. The jails are full.  An example of a GOOD gun control law, that being one that DOES posess a crime control element, can be found in many states (my own included). Here in Ks, if you are caught in the comission of a burglary, and you are armed with a firearm, you recieve an automatic 5 years in jail. This is a GOOD gun control law. It is enforcable, it targets criminals, not law abiding citizens and it addresses a problem. States and cities that have similar laws experience a significantly lower level of armed burglaries. Oddly enough, New york state and New york City do not have such laws. LA does not have such a law, nor does the styate of california. They have instead chosen idiot measures that have NO effect on criminals, but TARGET law abiding citizens. This is lunacy.It's not a gun control law at all. It's a punishment law.  Basically, the problem comes in when we hear about bullets designed to go through bullet proof vests and huge clips that can mow down trees. We don't see the sport to be found in those things.As usual, no answer to the sporting aspects of guns. I'm trying to give the benefit of the doubt. You could at least pick up on it. I'm trying to find some reason for your thinking OTHER than dictating to us how to solve our problems and run our lives. You won't let me.  the problem is compounded by the media, all you hear are inflated clames desined to scare people into watching the news.  personaly i do not see a problem with something like this, but the problem is the politishins who say that redstration is just the first step, to be folled by banning the guns (Dian Finstine {i know it is spelled wrong} is an example of one)We're not falling victims to scare tactics. We fully understand when a statement is designed to inflame. Do you? This is just an argument that's ramping up using any possible lame argument. Including politishins who say that redstration is just the first step But gun crime is real. We're so totally caught up in the BS catch phrases that the real debate is lost.  who gets to decide if i need one? i drive through Gary In. every working day (#5 of the worst for crime), how can some one sitting back in my home town know weather or not it is a need? also the Indiana Constitution tells me i have a right to self defence.Yep. Gary In. isn't a nice place. Agreed. Why is just driving through such a hazard? Is there something special about you that makes you different from the other hundreds or thousands of cars around you? Do you have to carry cash? Do you have to leave the beaten path? Are you driving a $100,000 car? Do you have to do this in the middle of the night? Are you visually offensive? :) Sorry. Couldn't resist that last one. Just trying to have a little fun.  reporting it stolen would not keep it out of the hands of criminals, they do not care about the SN, they scrach it off. You're jumping ahead to the world we do live in rather than the one we could create. It's not about what the police would do. That's up to them. It's would be about (1) him recognizing that he alone was authorized to posses that gun, (2) taking a vested interest in making sure that it wasn't stolen to begin with and (3) protecting himself from being held criminally liable for what was done with that gun after it left his possession. These are the elements of responsible gun ownership. Not the NRA (and I'm quoting from Bryan here) --- It seems certain we agree that responsible firearm ownership should be taught and encouraged to those who own firearms (believe it or not, this is what the NRA primarily does). --- "Encouraged" isn't the word we want to hear.  and daewoo, we need to jump on her, she may be ignorant of the word games we see all the time,but i do not think she is stupid, she was just resed in a big city.So much for wanting to understand my point of view. But I do appreciate the not stupid part. As for the big city, you couldn't drag me out of here kicking and screaming.
Oops! Forgot the -- I'll glady address "policy decisions on a bunch of idealistic garbage" at the end -- part.  IF IF IF I were a member of the religious right pro-life at all cost group these would be the typical arguments.  1. We're fighting against the general coursening of our society.  2. The root problem is that our society is saturated with sex.  3. Just teach abstinence.  4. Abstinence isn't working because not enough people believe in it.  5. Abortion is the enabling factor. It caused the decline in moral standards.  --------------------------------------------  Just look at those arguments are see that I'm making the same arguments only in regard to gun control and crime rather than pregnancy. I can accept it if you were to just say that you think my arguments are idealistic garbage. But understand that what's good for the goose is good for the gander.  Your entire argument comes down to - it won't work.  Why is it that when a person from a blue state is idealistic, we're elitist. From a red state they're God fearing and Christian.  You'll have to excuse me if I say that at least my plan to control guns and crime is achievable and has the possibility of actually working - as opposed to attempting to control sex. If that's not idealistic, I don't know what is.  If my plan were to fail, we'd be no worse off than we are now. If their's fails, we'll have hundreds of thousands of unwanted children -- along with lower taxes and refusal to financially commit to the results of the failed experiment.  So, that's my answer in response to --- frankly, to a lot of the country (or in my case the city), it seems that you all are a bunch of XXXXXX. You pass up common sense answers to simple problems.
OK. So I went to the DOJ website and found out what I expected to find out. There has been a drop in crime over the last ten years. However, it's widespread and fairly consistent. There has been similar drops in states that allow carrying to the states that don't.  Also, we're both correct on one thing. We do live in different worlds. It seems that my odds of being a victim of violent crime are dramatically lower, probably, than yours, based just on age.   I found it amazing that in 2002 a person between the ages of 20 - 34 was 17 more likely to be a "victim" than a senior citizen over 65. 12 - 19 was 16 times more likely. Yep. I was right all that while ago when I said that the young men are beating the :xcensored out of each other. And I see no reason to up the ante with guns. Let 'em punch each other in the mouth and call it a day.  Also, murder is very low in the stats. And the odds are pretty good that it will be a friend or relative. Workplace numbers are pretty high.
Amendment's "right of the people" to peacefully assemble, march, and petition the government for a redress of grievances, would you hail him as a defender of our liberties or label him an "enabler" of the hate-filled klansman he represents?  When another lawyer writes a brief requesting the Supreme Court to rule that the 4th. Amendment's "right of the people" to be free of unreasonable search and seizure prohibited the police from establishing a drug checkpoint on your highway, do you applaud his tireless defense of your right to be free from further governmental encroachment, or do you condemn him for "enabling" drug dealers to enjoy a greater freedom to traffic their poison free from governmental interference?  And, for those who are pro-choice, if a lawyer representing NARAL argued before the Supreme Court against further state encroachment on the currently recognized individual right to abortion, would you crown the lawyer as a defender of a woman's right to chose, or would you condemn her as an "enabler" of "baby killers"?  If the reader is ready to condemn them, then I can see how he or she could also consider me an "enabler" of gun crime. In the end, it all depends on the reader's own bias for or against firearms. In particular, does the reader feel that the worthy law enforcement goal of eliminating gun crime justifies the sacrifice of the individual right to keep and bear them? If so, then am I to be my brother's keeper? Would you ignore my consistent history of the peaceful exercise of my RKBA when you unilaterally decide that another's criminal misuse of this individual right excuses the attempt to eliminate mine? If your answer would be "yes," then do you feel that the end justifies the means for this right only, or can this logic be applied to other civil liberties?   "Foolish liberals who are trying to read the Second Amendment out of the Constitution by claiming its not an individual right or that it's too much of a safety hazard don't see the danger of the big picture.(1995).Each of the "rights" you've quoted above have been limited in some way. We can assemble - if we can get a permit. And we can't sue the government. The Patriot Act pretty well finished off unreasonable search along with a few others. And the "right" to abortion - well, we'll talk after the new Supreme Court.  Each of those could be rightfully debated individually. Each of them is under attack for the same reason - the need to protect one citizen from another.  The peaceful assembly could turn in to a riot. There's the disruption to traffic and commerce, cost of police protection which must be born by all and the possible looted businesses to consider if it gets out of hand.  The Patriot Act - obvious. I could be a terrorist?!?! So they simply redefined "reasonable" I guess. Who do I seek rederess from about that? I'll bet they didn't refund the cost of Cat Steven's airline ticket.  Abortion. Can't believe you even used that example. The issue here is the rights of the unborn. Can I declare a fetus as a tax deduction? Yeah. Why not. Gave it full support and took it to the doctor.  The solution always lies in compromise. One persons right often infringes on anothers. Every "right" has consequences to another. Gun control is no different. A little common sense. At the moment, that's completely lacking. As the NRA wants to interpret, it does enable. That's not necessary.  Why do all the honest, upstanding, law abiding gun owners fight so hard to keep from proving that they are just that with true registration laws. Why do they fear taking true reponsibility for their own gun? Could the answer be the obvious one. They're not willing to guarantee that every day, for the rest of their lives, they will continue to be honest, upstanding and law abiding. They can't guarantee they're not going to OOPS! Shot the wrong guy. If it comes down to it, they want the option of throwing that gun in the river. They can mask it all they want, but the bottom line is always the same. When somebody (or in this case a group) fights that hard, the reason is always self serving - not a desire to protect the Constitution.
A gun is a tool. A VERY effective tool. nowhere near as effective as a knife. It increases your chances of being successful in a crime. The less likely you are to be successful, the less likely you will be to attempt the crime.  The catch 22 is that is just as effective on both sides of the law. therefore the only way to improve the situation is to increase enforcement.
I don't know about alcohol prohibition in the USA, but I am not certain the person who wrote this - I think if you man guns criminals will just keep using guns. Production of illegal firearms in Britain is apparently through the roof. is quite right. (I assume he means ban guns.) Nor am I sure he could support his claim of illegal firearm production.  These facts would seem to contradict his view.  The U.S. has a high gun murder rate, whereas a country like England with strict gun controls has almost no gun murders and a very low murder rate.   Homicide rates per million (rounded upwards) - The first figure is for homicides by firearm per million the second is total homicides per million and the last figure is the percentage of households which contain guns   USA 37 57 39% UK 1 14 4%  It should be further noted that of the 4% of British households which contain guns, almost none would hold handguns of the sort which might be concealed. They would very likely be fowling pieces, or other sporting rifles which are locked away in a gun cabinet.  So, you are a British criminal who intends breaking into a country house. You see no need to obtain a firearm, (very difficult to obtain a pistol, even illegally, and a rifle or shotgun is not easy to conceal,) or the necessity to carry one, as you are unlikely to encounter an irate householder armed with a Magnum, or Smith & Wesson. If the robbery goes wrong, you flee the scene, and even any policeman you may encounter is certain to be unarmed.  The same situation in the USA, is fraught with the dangerous situation of (a) the householder being armed, and (b) the burglar being similarly armed because the householder is likely to be. The robbery goes wrong, and either one or both of them are likely to be shot and killed. And even in the event the robber flees the household, any police he encounters is certain to be armed, and the same possiblity of injury and death exists.  (You are 57 times more likely to be shot dead in the USA than in Britain, even though the murder rate is only a little under 3 times as high.)  The British police were recently given the choice of carrying firearms, and universally refused on the basis that it would only encourage the criminal element to do likewise.  How then can it be preferable to have a high incidence of guns, especially hand guns, in any society?   Leo
how are there 4% of homes with firearme, my understanding is that the laws require all privetly owned guns to be stored at a "shooting club", and can not be at your home.  AFIK, if you are a farmer and have obtained a registration for it, you may keep a shotgun, or single shot rifle such as a .22, in your house, provided it is in a locked gun cabinet. But I am not absolutely sure about this. And this does not apply to hand guns, which, again AFIK, must be stored at a registered 'shooting club'.  Leo
Personally, I have no problem with the criminal being possibly shot and killed by either the homeowner or the police. Mine showing us where you got your numbers from? Also, feel free to display crime rates (not just guns) as well. You'll find that while we have higher homocide rates, all incidents of robbery, assault, rape, etc. are less likely in the US. Also, a survey of prison inmates by the DoJ found that an overwhelming percent of inmates were less likely to break into a home if they thought the owner had a gun.  Well, I don't think it is a good thing for society for anyone, criminal or otherwise, to be shot and killed. But I was referring to the danger to the home owner from an armed robber, and the danger to the public, from a shootout between police and criminals.  The statistics quoted were extrapolated from figures on this site -  http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcgvinco.html  (Figures were given per 100,000 people, but the figure for Britain was so small, I extrapolated them to a million.)  As this thread is about the desirability, or otherwise, of gun control, I have only researched sites which dealt with gun-related crime. I am not trying to demonstrate that the USA is a lawless society, I am only commenting on the comparative incidence of firearm homicides between to extremes. The USA, where firearms are readily available within the law, and Great Britain, where hand guins are well-nigh impossible to obtain legally.  The fact that you are 57 times more likely to be killed by someone with a firearm in the US, than in the UK, cannot be completely discounted in this discussion. All these statistics are on a per capita basis, so the comparative populations are irrelevant.  I know I am not going to change the mind of any gun-toting American, and you are entitled to your opinion. But please do not insult the intelligence of the civilised world, by suggesting that a higher incidence of firearms makes for a safer society.  Leo
Your also ignoring the fact that guns have impact on all crimes, not just firearm related crimes. In doing so you are discrediting your own statements. Firearm ownership pros/cons does not stop at firearm-related homocides.  I am not deliberately ignoring anything. This thread is about guns, so I am addressing firearm related crimes. Also, the only 'statements' I have made consist of quoting some statistics. I do not see how they have been discredited because I have not addressed all other forms of criminal activity.   There are very few international statistics available on the 'net which deal with all forms of criminal activity, and I have quoted those which appeared relevant. But I am not claiming that these are the only relevant factors.  Of course I realise that guns are used in the course of robberies, rapes, and assaults. This fact would seem to strengthen my argument rather than discrediting it.  I am not 57 times more likly to be killed than you are, most of the murders are commitd during illegal activty, a durg deal gone bad, gang activty ect.  I did not claim that you personally were 57 times more likely to be killed than me. The 'you' I used should have been 'one' but, all other things being equal, an American stands a 57 times greater chance of being shot to death than an Englishman. This is statistically evident.  You may consider that to be a good thing, I happen not to. This might provide a reason for the difference in our respective views as to the desirability of the populace carrying concealed firearms. As the French say, Chacon a son gout! :)   Leo
 You're ignoring it once again. As I've stated twice, firearms effect all crimes, not just firearm-related crimes.   You may state it as many times as you like, but firearms cannot affect crimes in a society (the UK in this case,)wherein guns are almost non-existent.   Lack of theft could be due to firearm ownership, firearms are estimated to stop 800,000+ incidents of miscellaneous violent crime each year.   Again, this cannot apply to a society wherein the incidence of firearms is negligible, and upon what basis may the number of crimes which might have been committed, be calculated? What is the source of your 800,000 figure, and in which jurisdiction has this surmise been made?.   You seem not to take self-defense into consideration at all when making statements, crimes stopped through firearm use in self-defense are rarely reported unless someone is shot.   There is no need for firearms to be deployed when none are employed by would-be assailants.   To present firearm related crimes serves no purpose other than to state a fact, no useful conclusions can be drawn from it. You can't even argue that firearm ownership itself leads to more firearm homicides, seeing as places other than the US and UK have lower homocide rates and a large percentage of firearm ownership.  What exactly are you trying to prove, if anything?   It has been established that the per-capita incidence of firearm related crime is higher in the USA than in the UK, and it has also been established that the incidence of gun ownership is incomparably higher in the USA than in the UK. Readers may draw their own conclusions from these two not unrelated facts.  You may choose to find the relationship inconvenient, but others may find otherwise.  Leo
 If that doesn't count in your opinion, then why does homocide rates? Both show numbers between societies with differing amounts of firearms ownership.   Clearly, the reason for discussing the incidence of gun related crimes, and homicide in particular, between societies with differing incidence of firearms, is to examine whether the greater incidence of firearms results in a greater incidence of firearm related crime.  The comparison between the UK and the USA would appear to support the latter conclusion.  You seem to be arguing that, in the USA, a high incidence of gun ownership, by virtue of its deterrent value, contributes to making it a less violent society. Accepting an already high incidence of firearm ownership, you may well be correct, but only under the particular circumstances obtaining in your society.   Let us assume, for the purposes of discussion, that your assumptions are correct within American society. Can you not see that these assumptions do not apply to a society such as Great Britain, wherein gun ownership is virtually non-existent?   Starting from the point that firearms are extremely rare here, extensive gun ownership would make this society, (and many others around the world,) less safe than they are now. It may have no effect upon the incidence of criminal behaviour, but an armed criminal fraternity as well as an armed population and police force, would certainly increase the incidence of lethal assault, (whether intentional or in self defence.) There are not many incidents of 'drive-by coshings, or knifings'. Are there?  Furthermore, under British law, you are not entitled to use any more force than absolutely necessary to deter would be robbers and thieves. So if you shoot someone who is in the process of breaking into your home, you will be charged with either manslaughter or assault, depending upon whether you kill or merely injure him. Similarly, if you shoot and kill someone who is attacking you, but unarmed with a lethal weapon, you will be charged with manslaughter at the very least, and are liable to be charged with murder. Reasonable force is all that British law allows to be employed.  There was a case some years ago of a farmer who lay in wait, with a hunting shotgun, for a group of teenagers who were breaking into his home. He waited until they had actually broken in, and then shot and injured one of them. He went to gaol for a very long time.   Those are actually low estimates, high estimates hit 2.5 million. That said, these numbers are research and supported by a number of people, one of the most popular would probably be John Lott.   I am sorry, but I haven't the foggiest idea of who John Lott is! But what I am questioning is the methodology employed to estimate crimes which might have been committed. Such estimates can only be a matter of surmise.   Why? If some comes at you a with a bat or knife and you own a firearm within easy reach, are you going to shoot or ask them to please stop? Shooting someone who makes an attempt on your life, no matter the weapon, is self-defense and you are allowed to defend yourself with a gun. Many police defend themselves from instruments other than guns with gun fire every year, and are justified.   A correct assumption, in the event that you have a firearm to hand. And such action would be supported by any court of law, provided that it was obvious that the assailant intended taking your life. Under British law, you would have to prove his intention to kill you, beyond any reasonable doubt. Not always an easy task, given that the victim is dead and cannot testify to his intention. The weapon utilised would have to be of an unequivocally lethal nature, and you would have to prove not only his intention, but his ability to do you lethal harm. An attack with a deadly weapon is a crime under our law, but it is not automatically equated with the intention to commit murder.   Furthermore, as I am sure you are aware, the British police do not carry firearms, and they defend themselves equally well against attacks from criminals armed with lethal weapons. The difference lies in the fact that fewer criminals, and policemen, are shot dead in the UK. Surely this is a preferable situation?   Big surprise; more guns equals more use in crime. Take them out of society, the crime proceeds as normal with new weapons. It can even increase crime because you prevent people from defending themselves and criminals loose the deterent of the home owner resisting with deadly force. Say, how's knife usage over there in the UK? Aus has already put heavy regulations on swords due to 'incidents'.   Mirabile Dictu! We may actually agree upon at least one point! :) Yes, more guns do equal a greater incidence of firearms in crime. Thank you for making my point for me. :)   I also take your point about the deterrent effect of armed home owners upon those intent upon burglary.   As for knife usage in the UK, I am not sure quite what you are implying. Britain is not known as a violent society, and certainly not known for knife related assault. So I suspect that implication was a case of clutching at straws.  As for Australia and swords, I can only assume you are joking. Australia is a highly developed modern society, and at no time in its history has the sword been a weapon of choice. The number of even ceremonial swords extant in Austra;ian society would be negligible. I know of the legislation to which you are referring, which came about as a reaction to one ioncident, and was simply a part of a larger crackdown on all weapons which could prove lethal. The idea that Australians are charging about the place weilding broadswords is more than a little fanciful.   Facts: Reducing guns in society does not stop crime.   No! That is opinion. Something to which you are entitled, but do not confuse it with fact.   Be that as it may, I have not, at any stage, contended that reducing the number of firearms in society has an effect upon the overall incidence of crime. I do, however, contend that an increase in the number has the effect of increasing the incidence of firearms used in the committing of crimes, something with which you have agreed in an earlier paragraph.   Crime rates in the US are declining. Crime rates in the UK and Aus are increasing.   Again, that is a matter of somewhat convenient opinion. I have seen no statistics or evidence to support those contentions. During a recent holiday in the USA, I saw the Bronx and Harlem. So let us not hear about how violent are the societies of Great Britain and Australia!  Leo
OK Rook, I am not going to convince you, or many other Americans, that having lots of guns around is a bad thing.  You have put forward some good arguments for your point of view as it relates to the USA, and I do not know enough about your society to try to take them to pieces.  As far as I can make out, those arguments are relevant principally to your society, and cannot easily be extrapolated to the UK, and similar societies. So perhaps we may leave it there and say 'Vive la difference!' :)   Leo
Frankly I think banning guns outright in America may not work. The culture of violence is too strong.  But if it can be slowly reduced, there are straightforward advantages. In countries where burglars don't believe they will be shot are less likely to eliminate the houseowner or carry the means to do so. Also, while we have police marksmen in Britain they are specially deployed and strictly controlled, unlike the problems highlighted on http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/ssistory.mpl/special/04/shootings/2698952 where 1/3 people shot in a certain area were unarmed.  There were also 800 fatal accidental shootings in 1998 http://www.enotes.com/guns-crime/
This statement implies that there is a gun control success story out there somewhere. If there is, I haven't seen it.  If you look at the UK, it's violent crime levels were lower before Britain adopted gun control. As it has grown tighter, crime has in fact increased.  I'm not going to say that one led to the other, but please don't claim that gun control has made the UK safer.What do you mean by 'adopted gun control'? We've had gun control for ages, its just been tighetened up a bit.  What, helpless victims? Governments free to starve their citizens to death at will?Are you saying that the only reason the government doesn't starve people to death is that people will shoot local officials? Or the President? I don't get what point is being made here.  When someone says something like that, one would expect facts to back them up. In fact they do the opposite.  A British household is far more likely to be targeted for break-in while the occupants are home than the US. In fact, most burglars in the US flee when they realize someone is home - and they very rarely stick around for a shootout of the homeowner is armed.  Criminals are cowards, pure and simple, that's why they strike at night.My point was that if the householder is likely to be armed then the burgalar is also more likelly to carry and use a firearm. NOt that they are more likely to break in.  What does this (police marksmen in UK versus US police) have to do with gun control?the reason our police don't carry guns and use them so much is because the criminals don't carry guns, because they're illegal and because they don't need them to fight against citizens with guns.  Which means what...?  If we ban swimming pools we will save far more lives. People die of lots of things and with 300 million Americans, you can get a big, scary number on almost any topic if you try hard enough.  People do a lot of stupid things and when they do, death often results.  What I find interesting is that guns are getting safer every year, in fact the number of fatal firearms accidents is reaching all-time lows.  Yet the number of guns out there is at a record high. How do you square the two?If you get yourself drowned its your problem. Not so if you shoot someone. People do stupid things and so shouldn't have guns if they can't use them responsibly. The fact that guns are getting safer doesn't mean they're not dangerous. Modern cars may pollute less, but that doesn't mean cutting the amount of cars wouldn't help too.
Not quite. The UK and the US has very similar gun laws a century ago. The UK has only in the last 20 years attempted to ban almost all civilian firearms.  If gun control works, one would expect those to be the most peaceful, low-crime decades, right?  However, one finds that the opposite is true: As gun control was imposed, crime continued to rise.  One cannot necessarily argue that gun control caused the rise in crime, but one can assert that it failed to stop it.Overally crime has fallen in recent years, and as we started restricting guns before they were often used in crime (100 years ago, they were less reliable and more expensive) its not all that comparable.    No, it is not the "only reason," but it does make it a lot easier.  Access to arms is what differentiates citizens from subjects. It is interesting to note that in the US, the ability to own guns and full citizenship rights have paralleled each other.  Blacks were not really full citizens until they could own guns - and it was their ownership of guns that helped reinforce the need to redress the wrongs inflicted on them.  In the face of a terroristic attacks and a racist and unresponsive police force, it was armed black Americans who policed and protected themselves.I don't think that the UK today needs vigilantiasm to protect itself or that the government will starve the people. But maybe the US has bigger problems with such things. And obviously if citizens can own guns and it has symbolic meaning in America (as Homer Simpson says, without it the King of England can come and boss you around), then it will be co0nnected to citizenship.   It's a fascinating theory, but it doesn't work for several reasons.  The first is that a criminal with a gun is equal to  a citizen with a gun. Criminals hate equality. The last thing they want is to engage in a shootout, which is why most criminals flee when confronted with a gun (and "most" in this case means in excess of 95 percent of the time).  In a gunless society, by contrast, a criminal with a gun gains superiority. He need not care if the victims are home or not because he has a gun and they don't.  Again, this is probably why British homes are more likely to be attacked when someone is home than American ones.  Furthermore, your argument is predicated on the assumption that because law-abiding citizens have easy access to firearms in the US, criminals do as well.  Yet evidence shows this is not the case. Operation Falcon  netted more than 10,000 felons, many of them wanted for violent crimes. Despite the fact that these were in many ways the elite, the hard core of the criminal world, only 243 firearms were recovered.  Think about that for a second. You have a huge cross section of the criminal world - exactly the people who would find guns most useful, yet they were outgunned by private citizens by around 25 to 1.  That is half of Americans own guns, but only 1 in 25 criminals do.  Now if you disarm law-abiding Americans, the ration shifts to equality - a situation that therefore favors the criminal.But the equality of two unarmed people tends to lead to no death, unlike the probability of two armed people. And the fact they found no guns didn't mean they weren't there. And criminals in Britain rarely carry guns, particularly burglars.  The UK has aways been less violent than the US, even when both countries has the same gun laws.  What is interesting is that the UK is getting more violent and more of its police are carry guns. Do you dispute this?Violent crime is rising for various social reasons. The guns of police are still much more controlled than the US.  What about if you drown someone else?Possible, but usually you swim in a pool, while usually you don't shoot guns at yourself but other people/things.   Right, so you want to punish millions for the actions of the very very few. How utterly unreasonable.No, it was a reaction to 'people do stupid things' in the previous post. I was puzzled by this being said by someone wanting to give said people weaponry.   Lots of things are dangerous. Knives are dangerous, too. So are hammers, power tools and even swimming pools.  That is why one must use reason and a sense of proportion in evaluation how to deal with certain problems.  Gun accidents are, statistically speaking, a non-issue. Most involve guns that were handled in an inappropriate way. That is no reason to deprive millions of people of their possessions.  Furthermore, guns prevent hundreds of thousands if not millions of crimes.  If you want to crunch numbers, you will find few items with a stronger cost-benefit ration in their favor.None of those things are as dangerous as guns. Stabbing people to death is possible but a lot more psychologically difficult than pulling a trigger. Could teenagers slaughter dozens of pupils and teachers with a knife? The fact guns were handled in an 'inappropriate' way is implied by the fact that they accidentally kill someone. It doesn't justify it. Prove that guns prevent that many crimes.   Unless it's your car that someone else wants to take away.I don't have a car. I might have to get one, because the public transport system is underfunded because of the assumption people use cars. If we raised taxes on cars, lessened the numbers and spent more on public transport it would be far more efficient in terms of money and environment.
According to statistics from the British Crime Survey that I have seen, crime has been going down in the UK in recent years. And those numbers from guncite seem doubtful because there are other studies that give much, much lower estimates of guns being used to stop crime. That fact is that the UK has a lower murder rate than the US so I don't see how guns have made the US safer. You might argue that guns are inanimate objects, but inanimate objects can help people accomplish certain things. Glasses help people to see better.
Really? If crime is so much lower, why are more cops carrying guns and why are cameras sprouting up all over the UK?Because there are more armed criminals for various reasons. Not more total crime  The right to self-defense has nothing to do with vigilantism - unless you think the state is supposed to intervene in every shove, bar fight and other inconvenience you may experience.You said that black Americans 'policed and protected themselves' with guns. This is vigilantiasm, particularly the POLICED part,  You make a lot of assumptions there, none of them backed up by any evidence.  For example, do rapists need to kill their victims to succeed? That seems to be your implication. For me (and I think most people) I would rather that my wife, daughters and female friends shot and killed an attacker than that they be raped.I don't know what you mean by saying I imply rapists need to kill their victims to succeed. My point is that there is less death, not less crime.  What, all 10,000 hid them so cleverly that it was beyond the ability of state, local and federal law enforcement officers to find them? Please.I've now looked at the site, and considering there are over 600 armed robber suspects in the group, I suspect the gun number reflects either getting the wrong people or only seizing illegal guns. Otherwise it just seems massively unrealistic.  From what I read in the press, though, the number of armed criminals is growing, not falling. Particularly in demand are replica pistols and "reactivated" ones.Yes, it is growing. But that does not mean that we should fuel this by encouraging homeowners to shoot first.  But it is true that in the UK criminals don't need to have a firearm since all their victims are disarmed and therefore at their mercy. An iron bar will do just as well and I have seen no evidence that British thugs are particularly sqeamish about using violence to accomplish their ends.You don't need a firearm, you're not at threat of your life, you will not kill the victim  I suggest you deal with the social reasons then and leave guns alone.I'm happy leaving guns as they are now. But making them mor available in the current climate of violence would fuel the fire.   So people who accidentally kill themselves in a pool's lives are worth less?You take responsibility for your own actions. Murder is illegal, suicide isn't. That's the way society has to operate.  And once again, you are arguing minute numbers. For every life taken in a gun accident, hundreds of crimes are stopped. Even the most conservative numbers you can find shows a ratio of 80 to 1.So eighty thefts are stopped but one person accidentally blows someone's head off? Is that worth it. Then you add non-fatal gun accidents, murders and suicides made possible or far easier by guns....    Indeed, and I see no need to protect people from themselves because it can't be done.  You cannot require people to put away all the sharp pointed things in their house, rubberize their bath tub or accident-proof their car.  You want to deal with a social problem by blaming an object. It doesn't work.  But true to form, the UK is trying knife control because banning guns didn't make crime go away.But guns kill others, and are designed to do so. They are a needless extra risk to your family and strangers as well as yourself.  It has happened.  More to the point, 30 years ago it was legal in the US to buy an M-1 Garand through the mail without proof of age. Many schools had rifle clubs and kids openly brought guns to school to show and trade.  Amazingly, school shootings were unknown.  In fact, of all the school shootings in the US, none of them were perpetrated by kids who actually owned their own guns and passed a firearms safety class - all of them were stolen or appropriated in some way.  Banning or controlling guns merely turns them into desireable objects of forbidden power. The way you deal with sick kids is to treat them, not try to reorder society as a mental institution.when have killings of such a scale happened before? people who would never dare to attack someone with a knife where they could lose are libreated by a gun to kill. And the fact, if its a fact, that such crimes were non-existent when there was more gun availability is little reason to ignore the fact that NOW guns facilitate such action. I don't know if your 'who own their own gun' thing is true, but if so then they must have gained them from more 'responsible' members of society. If guns are so prevalent it makes them easy to get hold of. I would have no idea of how to get a gun if I wanted one here in the UK. I could get any drug under the sun, but no gun.  Any object that is misused can kill, and many objects kill more people and more easily than guns.I can only think of far more necessary objects such as cars.   Guns require safe handling, but it is remarkably simple to avoid accidents. Treat every gun as if it was loaded, point it in a safe direction and keep your figure off the trigger until you are ready to shoot.  There, you just prevented almost all firearms related accidents.But obviously these messges don't get through. And then the little tykes steal someone's gun (it only takes one irresponsible person, you can be as careful as you like).  I will point out that if you are around someone who doesn't know how to handle a gun you are STUPID and deserve what you get.So everyone else has to somehow make sure they're not around some gun nut? It's their responsibility.  I have watched newbies pick up a gun and point it in the wrong place. The response from seasoned shooters is immediate and forceful.  So yes, people who get hit often deserve what they get, just as people who clown around in and around swimming pools can expect to die.  If guns caused accidents and death simply by their mere presence, the two most dangerous places in the world would be shooting clubs and gun shows. Funny, they are among the safest places out there.Who gets hit, the newbie or the seasoned shooter? Being near someone incompetent with a gun doesn't merit death. Dangerous dogs are being restricted in the UK because they maul and kill people, particularly infants. This probably rarely happens at dog training centres.  Once again you miss the point: No one should be deprived of rights because of the actions of a very small criminal minority.  Speech can be used to incite hatred and death, in fact there's a pretty solid track record of hateful speech killing lots of people in Europe in particular.  Does this mean we should embrace state control over everything written, broadcast or spoken?I think you've missed what I was saying. I'm not against cars because of a criminal minority: I'm against them because they cause accidents and harm.
If you ban guns crime rates will not decrease. In fact crime rates will probably increase because the criminals will still use guns. Really they don't need guns., Many things will work slingshots, potato guns, throwing knives, blowguns,or air soft guns work. So do paintball guns. That me two sents. emoticon_xchicken If criminals were using these weapons it would be preferable to guns. Guns make it easier to kill. According to statistics, victims are less likely to die if their attackers are armed with knives rather than guns. I think that's why the US generally has a higher homicide rate than other nations in the developed world. Criminals here are much more likely to use guns when committing a crime. And that's because they have greater access to guns in the US.
That's pretty much what I've been trying to drive home. Despite the US having more guns than ever, accidents, violent crime, murder - all of these things are going down.  It isn't the guns that cause crime. Though guns may not be the cause of crime, I think they make crime more deadly. I'm not sure about if violent crime and murder are falling in the US. If that's true then you could reasonably ask if the violent crime and murder would have fallen faster without guns.    When you take away guns, you disarm victims at a far greater rate than you disarm criminals. It's elemental logic.  100 percent of law-abiding citizens will hand in their guns if you ban them. That is why we can them "law-abiding."  You may make it harder for criminals to get guns, but a far lower percentage will be affected.   Furthermore, you guarentee that criminals will gain an advantage: The ones with guns now have a monopoly, making guns something highly sought after since even the cops don't have them. That's why replica guns are the going thing.  But you also make clubs, knives and bare hands more effective since old, frail or weak people can't protect themselves.  The violent crime rate in the UK is already higher than that in the US. You're more likely to be mugged in London than New York. You may be more likely to be mugged, but your mugger is less likely to be armed. And thus you have a greater chance of escaping with your life. We can hypothesize about all sorts of scenarios. We could hypothesize that if guns are banned then law abiding citizens who usually didn't carry or own guns before the ban will be less likely to face armed opponents. Thus they will have a greater advantage than before. However, I think if you look at the empirical evidence you find that the US generally has higher homicides rates than other developed nations and it's hard to prove that gun control affects non fatal crime one way or the other.    Now you can counter that you're less likely to be murdered, but even that isn't strictly true. Murders aren't equally distributed across the US. In fact, if you discount the urban nightmare, the US is actually safer than most of the world in terms of murder rate and violent crime. Well if you don't include urban areas then you shouldn't include urban areas in other nations. However, you did that to prove your point about muggings.    Hold on there. You can't blame suicides on gun availability. Other countries with far less gun ownership have far higher suicide rates. People will kill themselves with whatever is handy. More correctly, people will attempt to kill themselves with what is handy. Whether they succeed in their attempt or not depends a lot on what method they use. People are much more likely to survive a suicide attempt if sleeping pills are used rather than guns. A person who takes a lot of sleeping pills may regret what they've done and may be able to call 911. But if you use a gun to kill yourself then it kind of hard to call 911 if you already have a bullet in your brain. One study done on the matter concluded that "Ready availability of firearms is associated with an increased risk of suicide in the home. Owners of firearms should weigh their reasons for keeping a gun in the home against the possibility that it might someday be used in a suicide." http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/327/7/467   Same with accidents. Anyone stupid enough to play with a loaded gun is probably stupid enough to play with a downed power line. You can't ban stupidity.   Innocents bystanders killed by gun accidents are so rare as to be statistically insignificant.  Yes, every death is a tragedy, but more children are drowned in buckets  than killed by guns in the US.  When you advocate a policy, you can't just rely on emotionalism.    So are knives, electricity and medical science.  Yes, doctors kill more people than guns. Quite a bit more, actually. Hmm... doctors and guns? Using that logic it seems you could conclude that doctors are more dangerous than terrorists. But I think you have to take into consideration that many of these patients would have died anyway without medical treatment. And doctors also save lives.    The problem is that you are blaming the object for failings on the part of parents and schools.  If you look at the school shootings in the US, all of them were preventable. All of them should have been stopped well before they happened. These kids did everything but spray paint the date and time of their rampage on the side of the building - and in some cases they came damn close to doing that much.  Nothing will stop that. If you disarm citizens, they'll steal the guns from cops, as they did in Minnesota. Stealing guns from cops? Because it happened one time you assume it will happen everytime.    Blaming guns allows the real criminals to walk away and pretend the problem is solved. It isn't. Evidence of this? I don't know of anyone that advocates gun control who thinks it's okay for the criminals to walk away. Sounds like a false dilemma- like you can't both support gun control and be in favor of strict penalties for criminals at the same time.
do you have any idea how little violent crime involves guns? less than 10%. the US has violance problems, how about trying to controle the violance, not the tools. But most murders are committed with guns. So if you think it's important to reduce the murder rate, I don't think that guns can be ignored.    on this topic, I think pretty much if you want to hurt/kill someone with no regard as to whether you get away with it or not, unfortunately you can probably do it. Possible exceptions are people like the President, with so much security. banning guns will not help, as they will either get them illegally, or use another tool such as a knife or even a car. Running someone over could do just as much as a gun.  The one problem I see is spontaneous anger. Someone erupts in a fit of rage, has a temporary lapse of judgement, and kills someone. But in my opinion that's not enough to ban it, especially since we shouldn't punish people who wouldn't do that simply because some people may lose their temper. We punish people for committing crimes, not for having a chance to commit a crime. Well, that seems to be a very subjective understanding of punishment. If gun control laws decrease our chances of being murdered then I don't think these laws are punishing us. They are protecting and helping us. Afterall, people leave the state of nature and enter a civilized society because they recognize that the government can better protect their rights than they can.
Got some proof? Last time I checked murder rates were higher in places where guns were banned. Seems as if the murderers didn't seem to have a problem violating the gun control laws. But that could have changed. I haven't checked in over a week. Well, the US has a very high homicide rate compared to other developed nations. I'm not sure what places you are referring to.    But how is that a right? The right not to be murdered? This is restricting our rights in the name of security. This is sometimes necessary, but most normal guns make places safer if you look at statistics. It's called the right to life. Natural rights philosophers and Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence identified the right to life as a basic fundamental right. "that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. - That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,"  Obviously, if somebody murders me then they are violating my right to life. And like the Declaration of Independence says governments are establised to protect that right among others. So if the government has to pass more gun control laws to protect this right then I think these laws are justified.
Probably the best example is S Africa where posession of a fire arm can net you the death penalty, yet they have the highest murder rate of any developed nation.  America ha smore violent crime in general, it is not just limited to murder. America is simply a violent place. More violent? Mmmm.... Seems that I have heard quite a number of pro-gun advocates tell me that the UK has a higher violent crime rate or similiar to the US.     Are you really foolish enough to believe that anti gun legislation is going to disarm those who wish to use weapons for criminal purposes? Do you really think that somebody intent on commiting murder is going to stop for one minute and consider the legality of the instrument they choose to commit that murder? Get a clue.   A criminal is, by definition, somebody who does not obey the law. You cannot legislate crime away because criminals are not going to obey the law anyway.  Your argument is wholly illogical. So why do places such as the UK and the Australia have such low levels of gun crime compared to the US? If criminals can easily obtain guns in these nations because anti gun legislation has no effect then why don't they use guns to commit crimes very often?
I've posted this before, but since it seems to fit the current topic on this thread I'll chime in again on it.  In my opinion, there are fundamental problems with cross-national/cultural comparisons of firearm homicide rates. I believe you really are talking about apples and oranges when we try to do this. You can't compare the Netherlands or England, for example, with the United States and draw any logical conclusions without considering the vast difference in social and economic issues which drive the violence rates. The same problem arises when those on my side of the debate try to compare America with Switzerland, which has an extraordinarily high percentage of private gun owners while enjoying an extraordinarily low violent crime rate. You can't compare these nation's crime rates with America's because the social and economic issues which drive violent crime in these countries are different. If you compare violent crime statistics from these nations, you will see that America has a much higher violent crime rate then these other nations, whether a firearm is involved or not. I'm not convinced that America has a much higher violent crime rate compared to other developed nations.  "Whether measured by surveys of crime victims or by police statistics, serious crime rates are not generally higher in the United States than England." http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/html/cjusew96/highs.htm   We do not have a gun violence problem in America, we have a violence problem in general, and the presence of the weapon does not give rise to the motive to use it for criminal ends. I don't think that anyone is arguing that guns increase the motive to commit crimes. I do think they increase the means to commit murder. If criminals are not armed with guns then their intended victims have a greater chance of escaping with their life. You can outrun a person with a knife, but try outrunning a bullet.    There are no evil little voices calling from the gun cabinet to plague American homeowners. England and the Netherlands have not avoided these sinister voices advocating gun violence with a ban on guns. The people of Switzerland are not collectively so hard of hearing that they have proven immune to the subliminal demands of their guns to be loaded and unleashed on the innocent. I have seen people on my side of the debate argue that if a crime rate drops after a state passes a CCW statute then the deterrent effect of armed citizens must be responsible for the drop. Listen, I am as strong a supporter of the individual RKBA as there is, but I cannot find sufficient evidence to prove that crime rates go down just because we pass a CCW bill. It's the same problem gun control proponents have: we all want to believe what we want to believe, and we are prepared to claim that a statistical correlation equals cause and effect when it suits our purpose.   What I do know, however, is that the overall violent crime rate in America is not tied to the number of privately available firearms. More guns does not equal more violence.   Here is why I say this:  First see the latest 10 year survey of firearm violence statistics conducted by your government:  http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/guns.htm#findings  This is a sample of what you would find:  "Firearm-related crime has plummeted since 1993." "Nonfatal firearm crime rates have declined since 1994, reaching the lowest level ever recorded in 2002 and 2003."  "After 1994, the proportion of nonfatal violent incidents involving a firearm declined." "Incidents involving a firearm represented 7% of the 4.9 million violent crimes of rape and sexual assault, robbery, and aggravated and simple assault."  Now compare this trend of decline in firearm-related violence with the following ATF website, which lists new firearms manufactured for sale by domestic firearms manufacturers from 1998 to 2003 (the latest years available):  http://www.atf.treas.gov/firearms/stats/index.htm   From 98 to 2003, 19,185,247 new firearms were produced for consumer retail in the U.S. by domestic firearms manufacturers. Of these, 5,098,722 were handguns. I can't say how many were produced from 1993 to 1997, because the web page stats only went back to 1998. Yet, if you look at the year to year stats from 1998 to 2003, you will see a markedly similar number of firearms produced each year by categories of handgun, rifle, and shotgun, which strongly suggests the number of newly available firearms each year from 1993 to 1997 increased at near the same rate. [note: a very small percentage of these firearms were exported out of our market, but likewise this survey does not include the larger number of firearms imported to our market from abroad. Additionally, these statistics exclude NFA controlled firearms like the weapons which were produced for military/law enforcement and not civilian consumption) When you set these two surveys side by side, what you see is this:  In the last ten year study, we had a marked decline in firearm violence during a period in which we added millions of new firearms to those available for criminal mischief--nearly 20 million new firearms alone from 1998 to 2003. I cannot say that millions more guns in the civilian marketplace is the cause of this crime rate drop. (in fact, I have another theory for the crime rate drop). What I can say, however, is that adding millions of new firearms to our civilian market did not cause the streets to run red. While the total number of guns has been increasing, so has the population. To counter the argument you present above, gun control advocate David Hemenway points out that the actual percentage of the population owning guns in the US has been decreasing. More and more of the population is moving into urban areas where they feel less of a need to own a gun.
What purpose does it serve for anyone who is not in law enforcement to have or own a gun. If you are being threatened or are going to get assulted, your first thought is not going to be "Hold on let me get my gun..." it would be (at least for me) to get the hell out of where you are. Also, how many times every year, does a child pick up a loaded gun and accidentally shoot themselves or someone else? Now, I understand that parents shouldn't leave the guns where the child can find them, but parents don't have 24 hour supervision on their children and if a little kid goes snooping and finds it, it's a tragedy waiting to happen. It is the law enforcement's job to own the guns and protect the citizens of the country and not our job. I see it as pointless and of no use for the general public to own a gun(s).
I'll see if I can find the exact number, but I beleive it is surprisingly few. (Under 1000)  Edit: I'm finding it difficult to find the number of children that die annually from self inflicted gunshot wounds. Most of the numbers I have found include "teens" who are more likely to be shooting each other in gangs etc. Any help?   GD answered that one below, but I have a story to share for those eyes that want to hear,  One day my sister and her husband (2Nd) came over to my house years ago for a visit. I had just got back from hunting and had just finished cleaning my guns and was about to put them away. My brother in law looked at my guns laying on the table , snarled up his lip and said with a sharp tone of voice , " I dont even like to be around those things, I have never had one of those things in my house, and never will. " ...   About a year later, that same bro -in - law had a trajedy strike in his life. His 19 year old son was hanging out at the rural diner one friday night , where the teens sat around on their parked cars and socialized. The police report said that a drunken 19 year old male took a revolver out and was showing it off , waving it around , saying he was going to shoot so and so with it, and laughing. Time went by and the guy started shooting down in the woods recklessly. All of this time my bro - in laws son stays with this crowd. Then, somewhere along the evening, the revolver got mishandled , a .357 mag slug went thru my bro-in-laws 19 year old son's ribcage, killing him instantly.
Everyone is welcome to give their opinion on public gun possession here-whether you're for or against gun control (or does gun possession justifies itself) and please state the reasons as well. I would really appreciate it if you guys could include some extra informations regarding this issue. But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands. It's too bad we didn't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership. A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited.
I live in Canada, and crime rates have not skyrocketed where I live since gun control.   As for any increase in crime in other areas, to correlate gun registration to rising crime at least in Canada is very faulty. Canada does not have a strong tradition of homeowners wanting guns for homeprotection reasons. Most criminals in Canada when doing a B&E or stealing cars even 10+ years ago were/are not concerned about the person they are robbing is going to have a gun ready to protect themselves.
Did I miss something here?   Canadians never had a desire to have guns for self protection? I know many who did and currently still do. [It would be a sorry robber who met one of these men.] Hence, due to the lack of desire for self protection, your criminals never need to worry about crossing a homowner with a gun? Does this hold true for the entire country? I doubt it.  What do Canadians protect themselves with? Or do those you know just accept being robbed or broken into as "the natural order of things"? You must have excellent insurance for these things.  [BTW, you laws are so tight, my husband and his target pistol team stopped taking their .22 target pistols (low end value $750) across the border to have matches w/Canadians. And, the Canadians are afraid they won't be able to get theirs back over the boirder...hence, they have "postal matches" : shoot at home, mail the scores to the other team. The opinions of these men, whom I have known for YEARS, are highly different than yours. ]  Just for my curiosity, do you own a gun? Or have you ever even held/shot one?   There are some Canadians who have guns for home protection but it is not a common occurance. Canada in general has less crime then the US and most Canadians do not live in fear that someone is going to break into our house in the middle of the night ( B&E's in Calgary usually occur during the day when people are not home). Generally only farmers, and for the city the criminals are the only people who usually have guns for self defence.  Regarding the need for self protection, due to Canada's lower crime rate, and in general more relaxed attitude most are not that scared of being murder, mugged, robbed, etc. I live in a city of just under 1 million, and will walk through the most "dangerous" areas at any time of day or night, unarmed.   I do not own a gun but yes I have fired them. Were handguns a little easier to access I would buy a few? I have no problems with guns at all, I think they are fun penis enlarging toys. But for MOST people the idea of having a gun for self protection in the states or Canada is a fallacy. MOST people are not going to have the training, the state of mind to properly use a gun in that situation.
Depends on your definition of gun control.There are more ways to restrict access to guns than simply taking them away.  Like what?
Even if the chain of events was as you said, what did the grandfather do that was illegal? It isn't illegal for the grandfather to own, carry or store a firearm. That was the point of my question to you.  In some areas, it is illegal to store a firearm in a manner where it is reasonably expected that a minor will access it.
Can you name a few. I'm not aware of any such laws.  It's like that in my area, I don't know if it's state or local.
Can you give an example of such a law? I'd like to see how it's written.  I can't find the exact law, but from the Illinois state police FAQ on firearms:  it is illegal under Illinois law for any person to store or leave a firearm in a location accessible to a minor under the age of 14.  source: http://www.isp.state.il.us/docs/ptfire.pdf (middle of page 3 under the question about accidentally leaving a firearm in a vehicle that is driven by a non-FOID card holder.)
Do I hear some people saying Oops?
The government is looking for someone the public can shift their focus of anger on. "Insurgents" and looters are "perfect" in this regard
Wouldn't you all be a little concerned that as people are looting, breaking into houses and finding guns, that this would cause problems. It is not like those evacuted would be able to carry their weapons. The best they coud have done is leave them home, giving the criminal access to the guns....wouldn't we want to limit access to firearms in a case where people are breaking into homes, looting, etc....  I will add that I am not against guns, for the most part, but I am in favor of making it difficult to get them. That way only the most responsible people have them.
Could someone link me to some statistics, showing how gun ownership can lead to decreased crime?  -Wez
Katrina surely shows what happens when you have readily available guns - people start using them. If the same thing had happened over here, say in Bristol, the incidence of looters with firearms would have been substantially lower.
In the USA I don't need such a justification to own a gun. Crime countrol is not the purpose of gun ownership in the USA. Nor is crime control an argument for laxer gun laws, if there's no link between gun ownership and decreased crime rates.:)  -Wez
There is 1 thing that is 100% sure. There is 1 thing that is absolutely not in doubt. There is 1 thing that is not debatable and overwhelming:  The same gun laws for crime control are violating the basic rights of Americans.  Keep in mind these laws are uncertain of thier affect on crime.   So then you have a law that violates the right of people and MAYBE does something to crime. What do you do next? I for one get rid the the stupid gun law. I don't mind the gun laws, just supporting them with claims of them reducing crime is silly imo.  -Wez
Mind new gun laws? What are you talking about? You should be minding because the single most important thing they are doing is RESTRICTING guns from the most harmless of people while having NO MEASURABLE effect on crime.  Wez is not american. My guess is that he does not really care about your "right" to bear arms outlined in the american constitution... Just like me.
Mind new gun laws? What are you talking about? You should be minding because the single most important thing they are doing is RESTRICTING guns from the most harmless of people while having NO MEASURABLE effect on crime. As Edde said, I don't care about your right to bear arms. If you value it, good for you, it's your country not mine. However I am arguing against the notion that gun ownership reduces crime.  -Wez
Well then that is OK with me too. Then now what do you got? Gun ownership is YOUR country does not reduce crime? OK. Then what does it do? We don't have gun ownership. We can have shotguns for rabbit shooting, rifles for sport shooting and such things, but handguns and 'casual' ownership isn't really possible. Personally, I actually have a sword in my room for protection.  -Wez
As has been advised, 'Don't take a knife to a gunfight'. I know a poster stated pepper spay is illegal in Australia, is that also true in the UK? No idea. But there are no gun fights in my house.:) In fact, there hasn't been a single burglar related shooting in my town (pop of 1/4 million) so far as the records go back afaik. Ever.:)  -Wez
What the heck is 'casual'?  You need some kind of permit or license (be it for sports, hunting, national guard duty, collector or something like that)
That is not what to post was implying? There was rabbit shooting and sport shooting seperate from 'casual'? So what the heck is 'casual'?  Ownership while not having any of these permits licenses. Sorry for causing confusion.
Why would it belong in the "gun control" forum or in this particular thread?
I love it when the bad guys gets blown away!  By the way, speaking of guns and violence and Katrina and whatnot, does anyone notice any similarities between the criminal posted in the article above and those looters in N.O.?  A good argument for evolution perhaps? :p  What similarities?
Hey, I'm just asking. emoticon_rolleyes  So am I... What similarities did you refer to?
How about, for starters, they are both thieves. emoticon_rolleyes  That`s a pretty lame similarity... But sure.. Anymore?
They both prefer Heinenken. :p  mmm.. couldn`t find that in the article... emoticon_rolleyes
emoticon_xbye hi! We are 2 dutch students and we dont get why almost everybody here want's a gun. In the Netherlands having a gun is a crime. And we think thats really good, cause you see the results in the US. Kids killing each other with daddy's gun, and we think that when you own a gun the proberbility to use it is always much closer then when you don't own a gun. emoticon_xkill  A lot of people feel safer when they have got a gun in their home, cause then you always can use it, even when you are drunk or something like that. And you are always thinking about<b></b>: "when should i use my gun". emoticon_confused  So. people don't buy a gun! what's the use?!  Just make sure that you do'nt get in any problems. Greets, Joszi (age:16) Bram (age:16) Nijmegen, The Netherlands (best country to live)
 Show me proof of legal law-abiding citizens wreaking havoc with there legal guns is more than the percentage of those who have legal guns and don't cause crime and I might believe you that guns cause crime. That makes no sense. By definition, you can't be "law-abiding citizens" if you're "wreaking havoc [with] guns".  -Wez
Sorry if I wasn't perfectly clear there. I'm talking about people who have had guns for their entire life, got them legaly and are using legaly owned guns in the majority of crime. It is not the legal gun doing the crime it is the illegaly owned guns, so if you take my guns the criminals have no one to stop them since they have guns we don't. Sorry bout that not so clear statement that is what I meant.  No one to stop them ?  I thought you guys had a Police force ? ;)
Sorry if I wasn't perfectly clear there. I'm talking about people who have had guns for their entire life, got them legaly and are using legaly owned guns in the majority of crime. It is not the legal gun doing the crime it is the illegaly owned guns, so if you take my guns the criminals have no one to stop them since they have guns we don't. Sorry bout that not so clear statement that is what I meant. Maybe in the US. You're pretty saturated with guns and I think you should keep yours. Giving them up when everyone who wants to abuse the law can just stock up before disarmament is a bad idea imo.  Over here in the UK, we're not saturated with guns. Gun crime is very low and obtaining a gun isn't as easy as newspapers would lead you to believe. We have no need for guns, and most law abiding citizens wouldn't want one. As such, I don't think we should legalise them over here.  -Wez
I can pull out a firearm since we're a smart country and allow our citizens with permits to arm themselves. Trying to imply everyone who disagrees with you is less intelligent isn't useful.  We don't have a serious gun-crime problem, we don't need guns. You don't see me saying because of that we're smart though.  -Wez
But why should that be a reason to discriminate against the people who do want to use guns? It has no appreciable effect on homicide rates, and appears to only have a positive effect on violent crime rates. Most 'law-abiding' citizens wouldn't buy guns because it's not really in our culture. If someone wants a gun for practical purposes such as shooting rabbits or putting down horses they can apply to have one. I see no reason why they should get access to handguns however. I don't want any idiot running around with a handgun, nor do I wish to own one myself.  -Wez
Sure. But given that increased gun ownership does not result in increased rates of homicide or violent crime (or any kind of crime, for that matter), is there any rational reason to deny handguns to people who want them? Evidence from a society/country that has gun from no-gun ownership to gun-ownership?  I don't mind gun-ownership where it's practical, for example shotguns on farms. Casual handgun ownership does however irk me.  -Wez
I feel the same way about SUVs, but that doesn't mean I think it's a good idea to ban them unless you can demonstrate a genuine need for one. I wouldn't actually be all that opposed to banning SUVs unless you needed on. emoticon_wow   With regards to the issue at hand. I don't see why a law-abiding citizen would buy a handgun, other than for 'sport', but I do see reasons why shop-lifters and 'gangs' would get them. Our police don't even have guns most of the time and I quite like it this way. You feel safe, even if statistically, you may not be safer, and to me that means quite a lot.  -Wez
Wow. What about TVs? Don't mind TVs., just most reality TV.  1 - Defence. If I could legally own and carry a handgun for defence, I would. And apart from the odd speeding fine, I'm a totally law-abiding citizen.] From who and what? In England, the vast majority of burglars just run when confronted. Why should they stay? If you have a baseball bat or sword in your room (as I do), you know any burglar won't be sticking around. If said burglar had a gun though, even if I also had one, it would be different.  2 - Fun. Plinking away at targets, or just shooting at stuff is good fun. I used to shoot the pegs of the clothes line with a .22 when I was a kid. Mum didn't like it, but I had a great time. Drugs, flick-knives and various other things are fun, but I don't want to legalise them.  Well thats just wrong. How can you feel safer, even though you know it isn't true?  For the same reason people are scared of spiders, small sharks and such things. You know you're safe, but you don't feel it. Isn't it better to be just sa safe, perhaps even safer, and to let other people do what they want as well? I'd dispute "safer" (on lack of evidence) and even "just as safe" as I can't get a gun.  -Wez
I bet all those stranded survivors felt safe in New Orleans without guns knowing the Police was there to protect them.  How about the Police that went around and confiscated guns from legitimate owners on "thier own property" and not do anything illegal.  In some places armed gunowners actually banded together and secured thier neighborhoods and NO looters at all.  I wonder what would happen in the UK if such an event were to take place over there.  We would probably sit down with a cup of tea, say jolly and gosh a lot and ask everyone who threatened us to go away(very politely of course) ;)  Actually we would not have same problem as New Orleans simply because we would not have gangs of people roaming about with guns threatening people. Mainly because it is very difficult to get a hold of guns in the UK.   The only way I see a gun being useful(in the UK) is if there was some sort of Zombie plaque ala Night of Living Dead, if that happens I will try to get a gun.
So you are saying that guns are almost non-existant and basically unavailable over there?  Yes, I have never seen a gun, touched one, heard about one getting used in my area(in the UK).  The first time I had ever seen a gun was when I went over to Spain on holiday, when I saw the police carrying them in the airport. In fact it felt weird because on the whole even the Police do not carry guns, the only exceptions are armed response units(UK equivalent to SWAT teams).  Would it be better if there were gangs armed with machete/swords/other weapon? Do you think a whole gang armed with the above would mess with one person with ONE firearm?   Yes they probably would not mess with that person, but I think you are comparing apples with oranges really.
No, he's comparing guns and knives. You know the old adage "never bring a knife to a gun fight" :)  :)  I should clarify my post, I think it is not a valid to compare the New Orleans and the UK.  First of all it would be better to select a region of the UK, then you would need to select a Region with a similar Economic problems, same kind of ethnic divisions.   Also I may add UK is a very centralised state, unlike the US we don't have a very strong Local Government where the State has a lot of control over disaster control. Traditionally disaster management and recovery will probably be controlled the National Government.
 Ever since the 1997 ban in England crimes with firearms has been on the rise.   I am not from England, so I can not comment on those figure, I am from Scotland which like England is part of the UK.  I ask you again...HOW will you in the UK stand up to bands of ARMED (with guns) thugs in the event of a large disaster and the police presence in gone? Don't say it can't happen, because it just did a few months ago.   Did it happen in the UK I was unaware of the bands of people roaming the streets of my home Country armed to the teeth ?   I will say it again it is not a valid comparison.
I ask you again...HOW will you in the UK stand up to bands of ARMED (with guns) thugs in the event of a large disaster and the police presence in gone? Don't say it can't happen, because it just did a few months ago. There aren't gangs of armed guys roaming around our streets though.  It's like asking how will I defend myself against a lion that attacks me in my home. The simple fact is, there are no lions roaming my street, so it's a non-issue. There are no gangs of armed thugs running around our streets, so we don't need to defend ourselves from them. The threat is non-existent.  We do have armed polive btw, but they don't go out on patrol carrying firearms. There's real need to.  I'd keep it on me, to enable myself to defend myself and my loved ones (and yes, my property as well) from those who would wish me ill. It's not likely I'll ever be attacked, or ever feel like I need a gun. I'll certainly concede that point. However, I don't consider that to be a reason to prohibit me from having one. True. I was hinting that if law-abiding citizens don't need them, who does?  But thats just stupid... I'd guess that 99.9% of people are scared of something they shouldn't be.  If you cannot demonstrate that more citizens owning guns leads to more violent crime, if the stats in fact support the opposite, what reason is there to ban guns? People feel safer with certain types of guns illegal. You can of course compare that to something like "people feel safer with all [insert ethnic minority here] dead" or something similar, which is fair enough. However, I don't see anyone other than gun traders, 'losing out' with illegal guns. If anyone really feels threatened, by all means they can go out and buy a shotgun, that's fine by me. Handguns on the other hand, I do mind.  I'll add more and flesh things out a bit later, as you can see the above post is a little sporadic.  -Wez
So Wez...  in your country in the event of a major natural disaster there would be NO wild packs of looters roaming around? Not ones with guns.:)  Please go back and re-read my question and try to answer it truthfully. I didn't state there were armed gangs running around now...I said after the police presence has disappeared. Who will protect you in THAT situation?? Why would the police presence disappear? Maybe we have a competent police force? Also, we wouldn't have armed looters.  Also I would like to point out that if they don't need them there the threat might not be high. But here in the U.S. the threat is high, they need to relize that here we do, it is a freedom, it is non-negotiable so they need to stop talking about our freedoms being bad. Show me where I said I wanted you to give your guns up please. I'm all for the US keeping its guns. It would be lunacy to make guns illegal in the USA imo.  Because what if we didn't save them during the reign of Hitler? Hitler would have invaded and the average citizen would have been rounded up and thrown in camps like it happened to the jews. Honestly I still think they are mad that when we had guns we revolted and broke away, and they don't want that happening again. Ask Hitler, Gun control works. Being half-German, that argument doesn't really work against me.  That and Hitler was unlikely to ever invade Britain while Russia was still a greater threat. Should Britons thanks the communists as well?:p  -Wez
Wez, I'm sorry but there are plenty of guns where you live....you just aren't allowed to have them...only the criminals can have them. Our gun crime is, compared to many other Western countries, low. We have guns, just not very many.  I'm also sorry that you have 110% faith that your police force will be there to protect you in your time of need. I'm afraid you might be disappointed if the time ever comes that you really need them. Protect me from who and what? You might have roaming armed gangs on the streets (at times), but we certainly don't. You can compare our two countries' crime rates if you want to and see why many in the UK see no need for guns.  -Wez
I think you are blatantly overlooking(probably on purpose)the fact my statements were made in regards to some sort of natural disaster taking place in your location and the ensuing chaos that would follow. What kind of natural disaster? They're incredibly rare in the UK. Even if one occurs, we won't have gangs armed with guns roaming the streets.  That's probably what the French were saying...up until last week, that is.  I bet they're also glad that the vast majority of the rioters aren't blazing their guns.:)  -Wez
I don't know..why don't you make one up? That's sort of the point: I can't. We're not prone to natural disasters on the same scale as those in the US.  You won't? You already have a gun problem in the UK and it's linked to the gangs. News to me. I haven't heard that we have a gang or gun problem.  -Wez
Click here: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/810522.stm *clicks*  CBS News called the UK one of the most violent urban societies in the western world, where people were more likely to be burgled, twice as likely to be robbed and two-and-a-half times more likely to be assaulted than in America. Where are the stats for this from?   But the Home Office has hit back at the statistics, claiming that the average American is seven times more likely to be murdered than their British counterpart and 60 times more likely to be shot. Home Office figures showed the murder rate in the US in 1998 was 6.3 per 100,000 people compared with 1.4 per 100,000 in England and Wales.  The murder rate in London is 2.9 per 100,000 compared with 8.6 per 100,000 in New York and 49.15 per 100,000 in Washington DC.   It shows the murder rate was 5.7 times higher in the US than England and Wales and the rape rate was about three times higher.  The report also showed firearms were used in 68% of murders in the US compared with 7% in England and Wales, and in 41% of robberies in America against 5% in England and Wales.    But the rates for assault, burglary and motor vehicle theft were all lower in America than in England and Wales.  You&#8217;re [apparently] 2 times more likely to robbed and 2.5 times as likely to be assaulted in the UK compared to the US.  However, you&#8217;re 60 more times likely to be shot, 5.7 or 7 times as likely to be murdered and 3 times as likely to be raped in the US compared to the UK.  And the report claimed that Britain has worse crime? :wtf: That&#8217;s an, er, &#8216;interesting&#8217; conclusion.  [quote Plus you still have a problem with guns: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/low/uk/864648.stm[/quote] I concede that; we do have a problem with guns, but it is small. Compare it to most other Western countries. I&#8217;d like to keep it that way personally.  -Wez
Guns are MORE Dangerous than knivesemoticon_xgood    Here is that November Scientific American article, his book "Citizen's Guide to Gun Contrpl says Guns are MORE Dangerous than knives  A quote from his book: "The death rate from gun robberies is at least three times as high as the death rate from knife robberies"  And an extract from a table in the book  Gun 81  Knife 13    Now does that say something?  Facts are Facts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,  "Does a gunbuyback Work?  Do Bears #### in the Woods?   Aussie gun controls have made remarkable  reductions in gun deaths A Gun was involved in 18% of  murders, 10% of murders and 5% of robberies. These falling figures are  the lowest on record .  Visit  http://www.goodbyeguns.org/   *  Oh sorry officer............. I Didn't know the Gun was loaded
If the need for self-protection were removed would you then be for hand gun control or elimination of handguns? :)
Defonitaly not. Its an unaliable right of the people's, given to us in the constitution. Saying that we need guns to defend ourselves from burglars etc is a bad argument (even though i used it), because it suggests that gun control is OK if the need for self defense were eliminated. The #1 problem i have with gun control is that it violates the people's rights directly. Even though the founding fathers existed long ago, it was pretty much the same, and they knew this would happen. With gun control, murders will probably go down just a little, but violent crimes, such as Rape, sexual assult etc, robbery, burglary, and assult will skyrocket. I really dont know what HCI is trying to accomplish.  Gun control is a free society's worst enemy.  "Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."   -Benjamin Franklin Let's be honest here, you don't want gun control because guns are your hobby, period.  You guys are the only group of Americans whose hobby is protected by the constitution.
who's responsibility is it to keep my famliy seaf from an armed intruder?  according to case law, it is mine, not the police's.  if there were no guns, there would be no armed intruders.
Wow, some serious ignorance is on this forum. You think that we want guns legal because its merely "our hobby"? It way more serious than that buddy.  I wouldn't call it a hobby, I would call it an inferiority complex. In Australia and most of the world, men do not need guns to feel 'macho'.
That's horrible. B ut tell me, with that experience in your family, how come you still consider yourself a liberal? Most liberals become conservatives after a family member has been the victim of a crime.emoticon_confused  in your wishful imagination perhaps.
so you don't like my opinions on gun control, are you going to shoot me?
Wow, some serious ignorance is on this forum. You think that we want guns legal because its merely "our hobby"? It way more serious than that buddy.   I think you're right; it is more serious than just a hobby. It is ingrained in the American culture from its inception. America has an obsession with guns. Guns and violence appear in every form of art and entertainment; it is engrained in the culture as a symbol of power, freedom and even sensuality. Every boy grows up learning violence from TV and games, where violence is glorified. Problems are always solved with violence. Charlton Heston said that the reason Americans need there guns is because America was founded in violence. The old Wild West movies depict the beginning of a gun-ho America where everything is settled with the gun. Today we have an America that is equally as gun-ho but at an international scale with MOABS, cluster bombs, Tomahawk missiles, napalm bombs and nuclear weapons. "I love napalm in the morning" for example, is every American's favourite movie line.
The USA spends more money in weaponry than the rest of the world combined. It's obsession with guns harks back to its war of Independence. It's insecurity has spread thru the American psyche across the generations like a disease. Americans are a bunch of insecure little boys who think that guns transform them in macho men.
No need to shoot you. Since we know that you won't be carrying a gun, we could beat you over the head with a ubiquitous tire iron with impunity. :)  Try it! without a gun in your hands you Yanks run for cover
My god, if you were going to lie and try to decieve people, at LEAST try to make it look like the truth. I really have no comment on that, becuase its completely obsurd.  You can have your opinions on these things, but my gun rights arent up for grabs, sorry. No matter whay gun-grabbing zealots such as yourself say.  keep your gun, without it you you'd be scared to death. I don't need a gun to feel safe in gun free Australia. This is a civilized peace loving country. Thanks God for that.
First of all, what the heck is "gun-ho"? I think the term you were looking for is "gung-ho" which is a term borrowed from the Chinese meaning "enthusiastic." It has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with actual firearms. Secondly, are you really ignorant enough to believe that only American culture has violence in TV and video games? Japanese CARTOONS depict graphic violence and even sex frequently. Have you actually read anything about the real old west or do you get all your information from movies? You sound like a whiny, angry, anti-American that has no clue what you are even talking about. This is clearly displayed by your last line which you make an idiotic generalization about every American's favorite movie line. Do you know every American personally? By the way, the line is "I love the smell of napalm in the morning."  You seem very sensitive to any opposing views. Lighten up! I agree that it's not just Americans that are obsessed with violence. All you need to do is go to a football match in the UK to see the joys of violence. My point is that art and entertainment glorifies violence, and that our children are brought up with this pollution of violence on TV, movies and games.   Another reason why guns are so available in the US is because the Arms industry thrives on it, therefore they can afford to have many lobbyists ensuring that gun laws are never introduced, which is the same reason why America is always involved in wars. The arms industry kills more people than the tobacco industry, yet it is cigarettes that are banned, not guns.
Do not attempt to associate the gun with violence. A gun is a life saving tool in the hands of a great citizen, and in the hands of a criminal, its deadly. Guns have no effect on crime, as statistics have shown. Violence does. Why do you view the gun different than any other tool, such as a screwdriver, or a hammer? Airplanes are much more dangerous, and have the possibility to do much more harm than guns, so why arent you associating airplanes with violence?  A gun is an inaminate object. There is a difference between a gun and a bomb. A bomb wipes out everyone in a set area, and you cannot control who dies. With a gun, you know excatlcy who you are shooting, and you cannot kill more than 1 or 2 people with 1 bullet. I really dont understand why Anti-gun zealots dont go after banning cars, or airplanes, or other dangerous machines.  You are one of the people the Brady Campaign has brainwashed. You associate guns with "bad" or "violence" when they are far from it. A gun is a tool, and everyone should learn how to use that tool safely. It is also our freedom.  Remember the holocaust? Imagine what would've happened if all of the jews had guns. There probably wouldn't have been as many jews tortured and killed, and a lot of germans probably would've had their head blown off, which is good. I also dont see why Anti-gun zealots arent trying to clamp down on crime instead of guns. http://www.putfile.com/pic.php?img=3706480  Hi Shootandproud,  Judging by you choice of name and attire, you are obviously obsessed with things that shoot and kill. You say that these are just tools, such as a screwdriver, and that guns and violence are not related. You say that I've been brainwashed yet your arguments come straight from the pro gun lobbyists. The love for guns and military equipment is inherently human. I can understand how an F15 or an Apache helicopter can be seductive, especially to a young mind. Men have a need to be in control with the power to defend themselves, and guns make all men equal. It gives man the ability to feel secure. Without a gun a man feels naked, defenceless, and insecure. My opinion is that men with guns are cowards, and the obsession with guns is perverse.  If you need to defend yourself use a pepper-spray. Very effective and doesn't kill anyone.
So you want people not only be bashed and stabbed to death but shot dead as well? Of course I feel safer now that Howard tightened our guns control than before. Do you really think that the Port Arthur massacre would have happened if the gunman had been armed with only a baseball bat? Show me the statistic to back your claims that we have more crime now than before the gun control laws and if they are connected to it. Have the deaths caused by guns gone up or down??
Mel Gibson is American born. he only lived for a few years in Australia
Obviously not. Because of your name and picture, i can tell that you are a fat, obsessed with watermelons, and a liberal soccer mom. You cant make that kind of judgement with your picture. Just reading your first sentance i can already tell that you are not qualified for this debate. Another baseless claim. Boy, i could go on all day. An obsession with a gun is like an obsession with golf, or basketball. Were usually obsessed with guns because they are fun, not for self defense. An obsession with guns is usually an obsession with marksmanship or projectiles, not killing.   Ye right. Ok, shooterandproud, I can see I'm not gonna convince you. The allure of guns have you totaly seduced. Besides you give me nothing to respond to. Lastly, I will just say: don't get angry at those that are anti-gun or anti-tobacco. We do it on behalf of those that are addicted, for their health and for the health of the nation.
He was born in America to an Australian mother and went back to Australia when Mel was 12.  I was right! he is american born and also went back to the USA and became a Hollywood star, what is his nationality?
You'll probably change your mind when someone breaks into your house and does something awful to you, then kills you. Happened to 2 family members.  being killed would definitely change my mind!
we call the Police not the vigilantes. Whether the Police use guns or not is irrelevant.  If there were no guns in circulation there would be no need for the Police to pack guns. They already can and do use pepper spray, stun guns etc. Since their introduction in Australia the death caused by the Police shooting at suspects have gone down.
 How the heck are guns addictive? Tell me when you can provide some legitimate study that says guns contain nicotine, and then i will believe you. Tobacco has nothing to do with guns ... What the heck to guns have to do with being "seduced" or "allured". Im sorry, but even though you wish you had some reason to disregard my arguments, you dont, and you're going to have to face the music sooner or later, without zingers like "the allure of guns". Im sorry, but Guns dont "allure" or "seduce" you...   I can see you're upset with me. Yes, we disagree, but I didn't mean to upset you. I'm sorry if I did. And yes, I made a comparison with the tobacco industry. Unfortunately you misunderstood this as meaning that guns have nicotine. I could've also made a comparison with the alcohol industry. My points are very simple:  1. The allure for guns comes from the way guns and violence are glorified in the arts and entertainment industry (not by accident), just as drinking or smoking cigarettes were once glorified by the same industry. Our children are brought up with the poison of violence from the day they are born. In some European countries for example, sex in movies doesn't offend as much as violence in movies, in the US it's the opposite. This doesn't mean that Americans are more violent than Europeans, but it does show that arts and culture does have an influence on the population.  2. There wouldn't be as many guns in the streets (and there would be less wars) if the Arms industry didn't need to make even more of a profit, and there would be more gun control in America if it didn't bow to the interest of the Arms industry. Unfortunately, most of our lawmakers also have shares in the arms industry, which means that the way things are now; Americans are free game for the Arms industry, just as they were for the tobacco industry, until something was done.  A last word on statistics: statistics would have us believe that more guns leads to less violence. Just the tobacco industry led us to believe that smoking didn't lead to lung cancer.
You might feel safe, but it appears that women in Australia aren't. I guess all those macho gunless males need somebody to beat on. emoticon_rolleyes    Now, we all know that we are much more violent in the US, so what are the statistics on domestic violence against women here?  7.5 per 1000 = ).75%, almost 1/10th of Australia's rate.  providing the statistics are right all they prove is that Australian men are more violent than American men, so what?
Yes, there would be. What about crossbows or throwing knives? The poliece would be mowed down, and we would be in complete chaos. Remember what it was like before we had guns? Not pretty. Heres some reading material for you:  Clicky  get real! guns are not needed in a civilized society. It is as simple as that.
Interestingly enough, there was a letter to the editor in the National Post (Canadian newspaper) today regarding Australia's gun laws.  The author is Philip Alpers, a professor at the University of Sydney.  Unfortunately you must be a subscriber to access the article online but I will summarize the key points:  -from 1986-96 Australia suffered 11 mass shootings (5+ people killed) in which 100 people were shot dead. This includes the tasmania shooting in 1996 that killed 35 and seriously wounded 18 people  -The tasmania gunman was law-abiding until that day when he shot 53 innocent people, and he used a legal semi-automatic weapon  -12 days later John Howard introduced gun laws, for example banning semi-automatic long guns   -In the decade since then there have been no mass shootings  -In the 7 years after the reforms Australia's overall toll of firearm fatalities fell from a 17-year average of 617 to an annual average of 331  -the robbery rate and the proportion of robberies involving a firearm fell to 10-year lows  Philip Alpers concludes that stringently limiting access to guns lessens the risk they pose to public health and safety.  Thoughts?
the love of the gun have bllinded you to reason.
guns like all other weapons have only one purpose: to kill.  ban them and the shooting will end, and also many crimes. it as simple as that
I have saved this post in case we ever have a "Dumbest Statement" contest.  it may sound dumb to you if you are dumb. Guns are tools for one purpose only: to kill
By Shooterandproud: Lets make a scenario, what if everyone ages 12+ carried a handgun, and knew basic gun safety. There would be virtually no crime, because if you tried to commit a crime with your gun, then someone else would shoot you. It makes society a safer place by deterring crime.   Lets make another:  A baseball bat weilding man breaks into your house at 3am in the morning, what do you do?  With gun control: You call 911 and hide in your closet, but unfortunately the crazy assailent kills you before the poliece arrive.  Without gun control: You grab your smithy 66 revolver under your bead, and shoot the burglar dead.  If you're unarmed when an armed assailent breaks into your house, you should already be making funeral arrangements.  I want to be calling 911 to be telling them that i just shot an intruder, i dont want to be calling 911 because im about to be shot. You will never disarm the criminals, and most people use their guns for targets or hunting anyway.  A couple things...  I don't see why you must kill or be killed. Why not incapacitate the assailant with a taser until the police arrive?  If a crazy man with a baseball bat broke in at 3 am and you feared for your life, I would say he was intending to murder or seriously injure you because if he wanted to steal your stuff he would have broken in during the day when most people are not at home. If someone has a reason to want you dead I imagine you would have some idea in advance, and in that case it would be wise to take some reasonable precautions. For instance, I understand why a gang member would feel the need to sleep with a gun under the pillow.  However, it seems like paranoid behaviour to me. I live in a safe community; I cannot think of a single instance of violent crime in the 4 years I have been here. Nevertheless, a security guard patrols outside my building. So someone who wants to break into my room at 3am will have to get past a security guard, break into my unit, and climb a few flights of stairs to reach my locked, secure bedroom door. I am not involved in crime at all, nor are my friends or family. In short I don't believe anyone has any reason to harm me.  Therefore I sleep just fine at night without a gun.  Also, you say that in the scenario with gun control you do not have a gun. I don't think this is accurate. In Canada we do have gun control measures, yet I can still buy a gun if I want. Many of my friends and family members have guns.
  It sounds to me like you have basically had to resort to locking yourself in a fortress with multiple levels of security in order to feel safe. Sad. Really sad.  1. I live on a safe university campus because I attend the university. I did not move there because I was afraid of bad guys.  2. I don't think that locking my front door qualifies as living in a fortress. Do you sleep with your's wide open? If I did that would I be brave? (I don't think my roommates would go for that :p   3. The house was just an example. I do not hide in my "fortress"; I freely walk around my city without fear.  4. Personally, I think it is more sad if someone has to sleep with a gun under their pillow to feel safe.
But is that a good enough reason to ban or strictly limit guns? I sleep just fine without an SUV, and I think less people need one of those than they do a gun. But I don't want them banned because of it.    Thats very true, and I am also an advocate of gun control. It's just that on these forums, the words 'gun control' usually refer to extremely tight gun laws, or outright banning of guns.  I think you are misunderstanding me. I don't want guns banned or strictly limited, in fact I intend to buy one for hunting soon. I enjoy shooting. I do see the sense in some measures such as restricting access to guns for people who have committed violent crimes.  I was just responding to people who seem to think everyone should carry a loaded gun for protection at all times. Perhaps they live in a much more violent environment than I do, but I've just never found that necessary emoticon_confused
Exactly why our society would be safer with them. Think about it. Look at the big picture, not the narrow-minded one.  Lets make a scenario, what if everyone ages 12+ carried a handgun, and knew basic gun safety. There would be virtually no crime, because if you tried to commit a crime with your gun, then someone else would shoot you. It makes society a safer place by deterring crime.   Lets make another:  A baseball bat weilding man breaks into your house at 3am in the morning, what do you do?  With gun control: You call 911 and hide in your closet, but unfortunately the crazy assailent kills you before the poliece arrive.  Without gun control: You grab your smithy 66 revolver under your bead, and shoot the burglar dead.  If you're unarmed when an armed assailent breaks into your house, you should already be making funeral arrangements.  I want to be calling 911 to be telling them that i just shot an intruder, i dont want to be calling 911 because im about to be shot. You will never disarm the criminals, and most people use their guns for targets or hunting anyway.  "Someone mugged and murdered isnt morally superior to someone with a smoking barrel and a dead assailent at their feet".  give every man woman and child a gun and let them fend off for themselves. what a great idea!! we can do away with the Police, security guards etc. Give Bush a gun and do away with the Secret Service. Just like in Iraq today and what a great place that is.  Guns are only killing machines be it for killing humans or animals. The so called hunters are just killers hiding behind the word: sport.  All guns ought to be banned. And every country would become as safe as Japan.
 Guns are only killing machines be it for killing humans or animals. The so called hunters are just killers hiding behind the word: sport.  All guns ought to be banned. And every country would become as safe as Japan.  I don't have a problem with killing animals so long as it is done in accordance with conservation laws and such.  What do you think of fishing? Are fishermen/women killers hiding behind the word?
I agree with your last statement. As a matter of fact it was going to be covered by AM on ABC radio today; unfortunately I missed it, forgot to tune to the ABC while drivng to work  I remember that subsequently to the gun controls laws, the ownership of swords, knives, machetes, hunting bows etc was also controlled.
Guns kill. Simple as that. Therefore it should be banned.
I don't have a problem with killing animals so long as it is done in accordance with conservation laws and such.  What do you think of fishing? Are fishermen/women killers hiding behind the word?  Fishing is killing of animals. There is no justification for hunting. it is just the murder of beings belonging to non human species.  Hunting is sadic, unnecessary murder
since according to gun freaks, guns do not kill but the killing is done by those who pull the trigger, then we ought to kill all gun owners, who are all potential killers. An ounce of prevention......
Wow, that doesn't sound very tolerant. Maybe you should follow your own advice. If I intend to kill somebody, I can use just about anything. Heck, I could shove a clump of dirt down a person's throat and asphyxiate them. Should we ban dirt?  throw away your guns, and stock pile on dirt! I can send you some if you need it
Do you eat fish ? Yes ? Then you are just letting someone else do the killing for you.   Put your money where your mouth is and stop eating fish and meat.  how do you know whether I eat fish and meat or not?  my arguments still stand no matter what I eat
You have extremely flawed logic. First of all, hunting is evolutionary, and we like it so much because it is a survival skill. Are you going to chastize foxes for killing rabbits now too?  Car owners are potential killers, should we just go kill everyone with a car? Airplane owners are potential killers, should we kill all of them? Heck, kitchen knife owners are potential killers, should we kill everyone that owns a butterknife? :xbanghead  there are many objects which can be used as a weapon, even our own fists; however only guns are designed and used for only one purpose: to kill.  I haven't seen a cop packing butteknives in their holsters..... yet
As i told you before, you have flawed logic. Guns are used for legitimate reasons, such as hunting or target shooting most of the time.  'most of the time' is not good enough. Killing animals is murdering members of other species and those same guns can be used and are used for killing humans. The same applies to guns used for target shooting. You can take them home, have them stolen and then used to commit a crime; or your son can take them to school and shoot a few dozens kids. Well, I am not saying a school massacre has ever taken place in the USA or Canada; don't get me wrong  Oswald only used his gun for hunting, didn't he?
so one needs a gun to defend oneself from another guy packing a gun. Hmm....
vegetables do not experience pain  tell me what apart from punching holes in people or animals or inanimated objects is the purpose of guns?
a car's primary function is to transport people, they have never been designed as weapons. And the authorities do their utmost to keep the road toll (accidental road toll) as low as possible. Your argument is disingenuous
SUVs are a mean of transportation cigarettes are for relaxation fast foood is food Guns are for punching holes in targets, mainly human targets. Only the Police and the Army ought to be allowed to carry guns.  Nobody else ought to own one.
That worked well in Europe during the '30s didnt it?  what are you refering to SUVS, cigarettes, fast food?  if you are referring to gun control being the cause of nazism, I think that the the lead has gone to your brain.   If one day for any reason the government of your country decides to declare an state of emergency, and declare martial law. You and your gun crazy ilk better applaud the action taken, for no matter how much weaponry you keep under your pillow you won't have a chance against an army or police or civil guard. so keep playing with your guns and fantasising your are protected or whatever other fantasies you may dream about
Nobody is saying gun control caused Nazis; that is absurd. However, Adolph Hitler and pretty much every other dictator interested in domination of their people has listed gun control as an integral part of their plan. I wonder why that is? Was Hitler interested in protecting people? Was he interested in banning guns for the good and safety of his people? I highly doubt it. He just didn't want people to be able to fight back. Unlike you, Hitler was astute enough to realize that guns in the hands of his citizens was a powerful direct threat to his control. The entire American revolution was fought against all odds. A lot can be accomplished against a superior force with the right tactics; just look at Iraq. So you can continue to come up with fantasy scenarios to illustrate your absurd point of view. Meanwhile, the rest of us are just going to go by reality and stats to support the RKBA.  No I get it, you Americans need your guns to protect yourself from your government in case the American Nazi Party comes to power or the Brits try to make a come back. Simple! why didn't you say that earlier?
Well to match the US military in weaponry in case the citizenship has to defend itself from those it elected, (an absurd notion, but what the heck) every citizen ought to have the right to purchase nukes,and associated delivery systems, at least a fighter plane, a bomber, an aircraft carrier and any other kind of weapon in the US Defense inventory. Only then would the citizenhip feel safe and secure, and confident that the fate of European Jews under nazism will never be the forerunner of similar events in the USA.  I have learned so much reading this thread about..... paranoia, insecurity, fantasies, security blankets etc.
With this idiot in power at the moment its becoming very likely.  To all Minutemen: Latest news: Al-Qaeda is a front for a British royalist group trying to re-establish British rule from the Artic to the el Rio Grande. An expeditionary British Force being assembled in Toronto has been sighted. Thanks God! for the right to bear arms.
Yeah, it's an absurd idea to think that citizens may have to defend themselves from a violent government. That has never happened ever in history. Not once. It is just paranoia. Ruby Ridge, Waco, Kent State...it's not like these things don't happen, and the ignorance is in thinking that being wary of such events is simply paranoia.  I am glad to read that the citezinship emerged victorious of all those battles against the US Government, keep stockpiling the ammo then
The RTBA was created to check the government, and is a part of our delacate system of checks and balances. Trying to condone gun control would be like eliminating one of the three branches. Not a good idea.  The RTBA is only an effective check to the government 1) if the government uses force of arms to impose its will, and 2) if those who oppose it are able to organise and mobilise strength of numbers.   The current American administration has far subtler and more effective means of achieving its objectives at its disposal, and is merrily undermining your right and ability to oppose them on those fronts. The demonising of political opponents, ever-weakening privacy protection, imprisonment without trial - all calculated to make organising effective opposition impossible. All this republican hollering about RTBA is merely a sop to the electorate; it's meaningless in any analysis of balance-of-power.  In terms of personal protection, statistics are widely abused on both sides, making an accurate determination difficult. It is hard to make a clear-cut case either way, especially when cultural influences are taken into account, let alone the psychological influence the current status-quo would have on any enforced policy changes. I'm reminded of a study in Sweden (if memory serves) where flouride was first added to the water supply and later removed because the incidence of tooth decay actually rose - not because of the flouride, but because the population, aware of the change, stopped brushing their teeth as dilligently. The consequences of banning - say - handguns in America would be very unlikely to mirror the current situation in countries where guns have already been outlawed for a considerable time. Whether violent crime would eventually stabilise at a 'better' level is more or less irrelevant when any initial increase would see a ban repealed almost immediately before it could do any good.  In the final analysis, I think America is probably stuck with gun ownership for the forseeable future simply because most paths from the current situation - though they may eventually lead to a better one - initially appear to head downhill.
For example, making rape illegal is only effective if we are able to catch rapists and punish them. Therefore, if any rapists are able to escape, does that mean we should just go ahead and legalize rape? Of course not. With respect, I'm not quite that stupid :)  Imagine for a moment that ammunition was illegal, and the ban enforcible. In that case you could bear all the arms you liked and it would avail you not at all, because something crucial to making your weapons potent would be denied to you.  Ammunition isn't illegal, of course, but for your loaded gun to make you anything other - in the eyes of the world - than a crazed loner brought down after a lengthy siege by the gallant officers of the FBI, you need to be able to organise, speak out against the government, have your words heard by a thoughtful - rather than a nervous and blindly patriotic - public, rally the people and bring your one advantage, weight of numbers, to bear. The government can, and is, taking the right and ability to do those things from you with every hundred-page 'homeland security' bill it passes in the middle of the night and with every chest-thumping us-and-them god-bless-America speech it makes, while you sleep secure in the knowledge that your precious gun is close at hand.  If the government ever comes for you bearing arms, rest assured they will ensure you are outnumbered and publicly reviled first. You will die alone and with your grievances unheard.   However, all you have to do is ask yourself a simple question. If you are a criminal, would you rather your victim be armed or not? The answer is clear. That's not the only simple question one can ask, however. Take this one: If you were a criminal, would knowing that your victim is likely to be armed make you more, or less edgy and likely to shoot first, or in response to an unexpected move?  Perhaps I'm wrong, but it seems to me that any argument you make for a more heavily-armed population being a safer one, you could also apply to - say - the nuclear brinkmanship of the cold war. What kind of country would you want as an enemy: a nuclear power or a non-nuclear power? When they are going to be thinking the same way, is the answer as clear as you'd like it to be?  As I said, though: it's difficult to make a determination, and the reality of the current situation drastically limits our options. Before you get all hot under the collar about me wanting to ban guns, you might reflect for a moment on the fact I never said we should. The RKBA is SUPPOSED to ensure that we as citizens have the tools at our disposal to mobilize strength of numbers if needed and not be slaughtered for our trouble becuase we were forced to stand unarmed against a heavily armed government. It's a heartwarming image, but the reality is that RTBA can and has been rendered irrelevant. As you say: all governments become, even with the best of intentions, tyrannical. What does such a body do when faced with the immovable object of the RTBA? It circumvents it - leverages it, even, by telling a frightened public that they can keep the RTBA, but that they must sacrifice their RTFS and RTA in the name of homeland security.  Think for a moment, and try to imagine a situation where you could actually exercise your RTBA to meaningful political effect. Now consider that your hypothetical enemies, who are not stupid, are fully aware of what that situation would be and are perfectly capable of avoiding it ever coming to pass whilst still getting everything they want.
Well let me say that I agree we need to be on our guard to protect more than just the RKBA. <snip< In my opinion, the Constitution is not a cut and paste document. We cannot safely treat the RKBA like it is the ugly red-headed step-child of the family of civil liberties. We cannot safely urge the government to destroy or even silently watch the government consume this liberty interest.  You speak eloquently and persuasively. The point I'm trying to make, however, is that one should recognise that the golden age of the RKBA (apologies for previous misspelling) as a front-line defence against the erosion of civil liberties is - for now at least - over. The pen may be mightier than the sword, but the routine sifting of internet traffic, the cell-phone trace, and the television set make the gun look faintly ridiculous. The power to drive hot pieces of metal into another person's flesh is, on an individual level, devastating, but feeble compared to the power leveraged by convincing a nation they are all - from the cities to the sticks - in imminent danger of death-by-terrorist. Indeed, in my opinion the RKBA was listed in the BoR as a measure for protecting these other liberties. I do not doubt you are correct, but times have changed, and now it is only strong defence of those other liberties that makes the RKBA mean anything at all. It is frightening to me to see a nation that coined and still clings to the phrase 'from my cold dead hands' voluntarily surrender far more potent and valuable liberties, either reluctantly out of fear or - in some cases - eagerly, to facilitate the moulding of America into something that better fits their personal beliefs. I feel it in some ways mirrors the way America itself has behaved on the world stage in recent times; from being an enlightened and powerful nation it seems now to be merely powerful. I apologise if readers find that offensive; I can only humbly submit that the face America presents to those within is not that seen from the outside.
If the US Government ever turned tyrannical the US citizens would get squashed fairly quickly, unless they adopt the same tactics as the insurgents in Iraq. They might just have a chance in a protracted conflict.  To me on the outside of the US the RKBA seems archaic, back when it was devised a citizens militia armed with muskets could hold its own against a regular army. The Army and the Militia would be essentially armed in the same way, the only difference would be training. This is not true today when you have armed forces armed with all sorts of high tech equipment, aircraft, tanks, precision guided bombs. A citizen that owns a hand gun would be no match to the might of a modern armed forces like the US Government has at its disposal. So in my opinion the argument that RKBA protects you from a Tyrannical Government is a erroneous one in this day and age.  I must stress that I would never ban guns in the US, you guys have too many in circulation and it would probably just leave the criminals with a large cache guns.
The only chance that our government could turn tyrannical and stay in power is if foreign troops were used to support it. Our young soldiers aren't going to go door-to-door shooting their relatives and that's what it would take.  Soldiers are trained to obey orders, I view the Military(like the Police) as just another manifestation of state violence over the citizen. Sure some will probably lay down there arms but most will follow orders because that is what they are trained to do.
It's sad to see that in a country of such great strength, courage and conviction, that at a time when it seems obvious to the rest of the world that gun control works, that the citizens of the US will react to shootings like the one in Virginia, by purchasing more firearms.  What is it in their society that makes them so scared ? Is it people with guns maybe ?  Is it the media's fascination with all things horrific and the way they broadcast them into homes every single day, never really letting the idea of a crazed gunman bursting into their home, school or workplace ever leave their minds ?   Whatever it is, it should be seriously looked at.   There are arguments that " Guns Kill People " There are arguments that "People kill People, not guns" When the truth is " People with GUNS, kill people" but i do not mean that all people with guns are killers.   As long as it remains easier to pull the trigger on a weapon than it is to type ^. ( u need two hands to type ^ ) (at least i do, small fingers ) people with guns will continue to kill people.
I am for control of weapons. I don't want every hobo on the street running around with semtex or nerve gas.  However, I am against deliberately restrictive weapons laws.
I believe the RKBA as recognized by the 2nd. Amendment is a fundamental individual right. I do not believe, however, that the right is unlimited any more than I believe that the rights to freedom of speech, press, and assembly are unlimited. All rights are subject to rational limitation. I am for rational gun control laws, like the ban on felons possessing firearms. I am against irrational gun control laws like the cosmetic, deceased, and demonstrably useless 1994 AWB.  I believe gun control proponents should accept that the RKBA is an individual right. To argue that the right is a state's right or a militia member right is to do so in the face of both history and legal precedent. Such a weak foundation renders all their gun control proposals, despite the public marketing tag of "common sense measures," extremely suspect as nothing more than the gradual encroachment towards an unspoken yet much desired goal of a total firearm ban. Gun rights supporters are naturally wary of gun control supporters who are wedded to this view.   You cannot have an honest discussion of whether a gun control measure is constitutional where one party to the discussion is chained to a warped and disingenuous interpretation of the RKBA.  ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and  consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  ---  Portions of The Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking Up Arms (July 6, 1775)   "Administration sensible that we should regard these oppressive measure as freemen ought to do, sent over fleets and armies to enforce them. (Lexington/Concord) General Gage . . . sent ought from [Boston] a large detachment of his army, who made an unprovoked assault on the inhabitants of the said province, at the town of Lexington, as appears by the affidavits of a great many persons, some of whom were officers and soldiers of the detachment, murdered eight of the inhabitants, and wounded many others. From thence the troops proceeded in warlike array to the town of Concord, where they set upon another party of the inhabitants of the same province, killing several and wounding more, until compelled to retreat by the country people suddenly assembled to repel this cruel aggression. (Registration/Government Storage) The inhabitants of Boston being confined within that town by the general their governor, and having, in order to procure their dismission, entered into a treaty with him, it was stipulated that the said inhabitants having deposited their arms with their own magistrates, should have liberty to depart, taking with them their own effects. They accordingly delivered up their arms, but in open violation of honor, in defiance of the obligation of treaties, which even savage nations esteemed sacred, the governor ordered the arms deposited as aforesaid, that they might be preserved for their owners, to be seized by a body of soldiers; detained the greatest part of the inhabitants in the town, and compelled the few who were permitted to retire, to leave their most valuable effects behind. (Martial Law) The general, further emulating his ministerial masters, by a proclamation bearing date on the 12th. of June, after venting the grossest falsehoods and calumnies against the good people of these colonies, proceeds to '[D]eclare them all, either by name or description, to be rebels and traitors, to supersede the course of the common law, and instead thereof to publish and order the use and exercise of the law martial. (The Declaration) "We are reduced to the alternative of choosing an unconditional submission to the tyranny of irritated ministers, or resistance by force. The latter is our choice. We have counted the cost of this contest, and find nothing so dreadful as voluntary slavery. Honor, justice, and humanity, forbid us tamely to surrender that freedom which we received from our gallant ancestors, and which our innocent posterity have a right to receive from us. We cannot endure the infamy and guilt of resigning succeeding generations to that wretchedness which inevitably awaits them, if we basely entail hereditary bondage upon them.  Our cause is Just. Our Union is Perfect. Our internal resources are great, and, if necessary, foreign assistance is undoubtedly attainable. - We gratefully acknowledge, as signal instances of the Divine favor towards us, that his Providence would not permit us to be called into this severe controversy, until we were grown up to our present strength, had been previously exercised in warlike operation, and possessed of the means of defending ourselves. With hearts fortified with these animating reflections, we most solemnly, before God and the world, declare, that, exerting the utmost energy of those powers, which our beneficent Creator hath graciously bestowed upon us, the arms we have been compelled by our enemies to assume, we will, in defiance of every hazard, with unabating firmness and perseverence, employ for the preservation of our liberties; being with one mind resolved to die freemen rather than to live slaves.  We fight not for glory or for conquest. We exhibit to mankind the remarkable spectacle of a people attacked by unprovoked enemies, without any imputation or even suspicion of offence. They boast of their privileges and civilization, and yet proffer no milder conditions than servitude or death.  In our own native land, in defense of the freedom that is our birthright, and which we ever enjoyed till the late violation of it - for the protection of our property, acquired solely by the honest industry of our fore-fathers and ourselves, against violence actually offered, we have taken up arms. We shall lay them down when hostilities shall cease on the part of the aggressors, and all danger of their being renewed shall be removed, and not before."  ---  "Is it necessary for your liberty, that you should abandon those great rights by the adoption of this system?. . . Will the abandonment of your most sacred rights tend to the security of your liberty?. . . .I am fearful I have lived long enough to become an old fashioned fellow: Perhaps an invincible attachment to the dearest rights of man, may, in these refined enlightened days, be deemed old fashioned: If so, I am contented to be so. . . . Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it, but downright force: Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined. . . .  My great objection to this Government is, that it does not leave us the means of defending our rights; or, of waging war against tyrants. . . .  The Honorable Gentleman who presides, told us, that to prevent abuses in our Government, we will assemble in Convention, recall our delegated powers, and punish our servants for abusing the trust reposed in them. Oh, Sir, we should have fine times indeed, if to punish tyrants, it were only sufficient to assemble the people. Your arms wherewith you could defend yourselves, are gone. . . . Did you ever read of any revolution in any nation, brought about by the punishment of those in power, inflicted by those who had no power at all? You read of a riot act in a country which is called one of the freest in the world, where a few neighbors cannot assemble without the risk of being shot by hired soldiery, the engines of despotism. We may see such an act in America. A standing army we shall have also, to execute the execrable commands of tyranny: And how are you to punish them? Will you order them to be punished? Who shall obey these orders? Will your Mace-bearer be a match for a disciplined regiment? In what situation are we to be? . . . .What resistance could be made? The attempt would be madness." Patrick Henry, (on the advisability of a Constitution without a bill of rights) Speeches of June 5 and 7, 1788, before the Virginia Ratifying Convention, reprinted in The Anti-Federalist Papers and the Constitutional Convention Debates, pages 199-216, Mentor Books, 1986, edited by Ralph Ketchum.  ---  "Last Monday, a string of amendments were presented to the lower house; these altogether respected personal liberty. . ." William Grayson, 3 Patrick Henry, p. 391 (1951) [letter to Patrick Henry, June 12, 1789].  ---  "Mr. Madison has introduced his long expected amendments. . . .It contains a bill of rights [including] . . . .the right to keep and bear arms." Fisher Ames, 1 Works of Fisher Ames, pp. 52-53 (1854) [Letter to Thomas Dwight, June 11, 1789].  ---  "The rights of conscience, of bearing arms, of changing the government, are declared to be inherent in the people." Fisher Ames, 1 Works of Fisher Ames, pp. 53-54 (1854) [Letter to F. I. Minoe, June 12, 1789].  ---  (The Principle enshrined in the Constitution) "As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear private arms." Tench Coxe (on the Second Amendment), Remarks on the First Part of the Amendments to the Federal Constitution. Published under the pseudonym, "A Pennsylvanian" in the Philadelphia Federal Gazette, June 18, 1789 at 2 Col. 1.  ---  "We're going to have to take one step at a time, and the first step is necessarily, given political realities, going to be very modest. Our ultimate goal, total control of handguns in the United States, is going to take time. The first problem is to slow down the increasing number of handguns in this country. The second problem is to get handguns registered, and the final problem is to make the possession of all handguns, and all handgun ammunition illegal."--Nelson T. Shields, founder of the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence and former Chairman of Handgun Control, Inc., in The New Yorker magazine, July 26, 1976, at Page 53f.  ---  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Brandeis, in Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485
Pretty much everything else is wrong. I'm for unrestricted access to suppressors, and at worst minimal restrictions on full autos - perhaps similar to handguns now. GCA 1968 needs to go. I'm for Vermont style (unlicensed) concealed carry, and unlicensed open carry. Restrictions on carrying should be limited to forbidding the consumption of alcohol. And get rid of the stupid laws that don't let you go where alcohol is served - it's simple enough not to drink. And keep these gun storage laws out of my house.  I agree with everything except the last part. Safe gun storage is very important, and sensible storage requirements have two important factors:  1 - Every responsible gun owner will already be doing it, and:  2 - It encourages irresponsible gun owners to store their firearms safely.  As a broad guideline - If a kid in your house can find and fire your gun, you deserve jail time.
but how often dose the law do much sensible? the safe storage laws are bad IMO, they lack the flexabilty needed to cover all the diffrent situations a guns are in. i keep my guns locked up, i have kids and low threght at my house. i have a frent who is devorced with 3 kids, her ex has thrented to kill her (got charged with trying to arange her death when he was in jail for a dubble homiside). i do not think she should keep her guns in a place that need a key to access them  We're talking pipe dreams here, not reality. Frankly, I'm prepared to sacrifice the people who die as a result of their guns being stored safely, in order to save the lives of the people who would have been killed through unsafely stored guns.  By which I mean: I consider it more likely that people will die as a result of unsafely stored firearms, than they would for the lack of an easily accessable firearm in the case of a home intrusion.
In the following post I make one intentional assumption; that most of the United States have some kind of safe gun storage laws.  So your argument runs thus:  We have gun storage laws, which appear to be working and at the same time still allow people to use their firearms for self defense. But you want to abolish storage laws, because...  ... well, we didn't actually get to supporting arguments, did we? Someones failure to follow the law does not indicate the law is redundant or unnecessary. In fact, in this case it indicates quite the opposite. Had the storage laws of Illinois been followed, perhaps the tragedy you mention could have been avoided.  I think it's important that the parents in question can be punished specifically (in addition to other charges) for unsafely storing their firearm. Just as they should be punished for not fencing their swimming pool, or failing to put their baby in a baby harness.
Responsible people already store firearms properly. How many of those dumb enough to leave firearms out would not have done so had there been a law telling them not to?
Responsible people already store firearms properly. How many of those dumb enough to leave firearms out would not have done so had there been a law telling them not to?  To make a poignant point addressing what I consider to be a similar style crime.  Responsible people already don't drink and drive. How many of those dumb enough to drink and drive would not have done so had there been a law telling them not to?  An important part of a law is allowing punishment, which in turn decreases the number of people breaking the law. If a person is irresponsible with a firearm, and their kid gets it and accidentally shoots themselves or someone else, I feel that we should be able to punish the person responsible for that firearm. Without some kind of storage requirements, as a rule, this person has broken no laws depite the fact they allowed a gun to come into the hands of a child. And despite the fact that someone has died as a result of their negligence, they cannot be punished for it.  Like I say, I don't want draconian gun laws. I just want all firearms to be out of reach of kids, or other irresponsible people. If a child in your house can find and fire a gun, you have failed to store it responsibly. While I concede that using a firearm for home defense is limited by this, it is not greatly so. I'm not saying every gun needs a trigger lock, and to be locked in a seperate cabinet from the ammo. It just needs to be in a place where kids can't get it, of if they can get it they can't fire it. In a home with no kids, I've no problem with a loaded gun being kept under the pillow or behind the door. But if you have kids, or kids frequent the house, make sure you store them safely.
With drunk driving, however, people are discouraged by potentially being caught. Police are allowed to pull people over on public roads.  With firearms stored in the home, if you intend to fine "safe storage" violators, you would have to do random checks and searches of homes. Unless you make the act of owning a firearm reasonable reason for random police searches, I don't see how the law would be enforced. If the law isn't enforced, people are much less likely to follow it than laws preventing drunk driving, which have harsh penalties.
According to stats posted earlier, there were 762 firearms accident related deaths in 2002.  How many were children, and how many of those children were killed by guns that were legally posessed? I don't know, but I would guess it is a lot less than 762. Anyone have any numbers?
That stat includes 18 and 19 years olds. I would not count them because, since they can buy a gun, why should they store them out of reach of themselves?  Also, that includes illegal guns. If someone owns a gun illegal, why would they follow safe storage laws?  So, in 1999, I think there were probably fewer than 214 children killed by firearms accidentally who may have been helped by "safe storage" laws.
Virginia has no safe storage law. Cases of unsafe storage would be prosecuted under the general abuse/neglect of children statute:  The relevant portion of the statute for prosecuting unsafe storage is this: Code ยง 18.2-371.1(B) "Any parent, guardian, or other person responsible for the care of a child under the age of eighteen whose willful act or omission in the care of such child was so gross, wanton and culpable as to show a reckless disregard for human life shall be guilty of a Class 6 felony." (bold emphasis added)  I've never had the occasion to prosecute anyone for unsafe storage. To my knowledge there has never been a case prosecuted on the grounds of unsafe storage alone. The facts are often mixed with other evidence of neglect. See, for example, the following case summary in which the Virginia Court of Appeals upheld a conviction applying the "gross, wanton, culpable reckless disregard for human life" standard in the statute (the defendant, Taylor, was the mother of the child in question):  "On April 18, 1998, Taylor invited Henrico County police officers inside her apartment, where the officers immediately noticed smoke and smelled marijuana. Several adults, who had been in the living room, ran to the rear of the apartment. Based on their observations, the officers secured the apartment and obtained a search warrant. Sitting in the living room throughout the incident was Taylor's six-year-old daughter, Malise. Upon searching Malise's bedroom, the officers found a juvenile male, in possession of marijuana, hiding in the child's closet. Two loaded handguns were lying on her bed. A large plastic container and a shoebox lid, both containing marijuana residue, were sitting on her dresser. Several bags of marijuana were found under her bed, near her closet, and elsewhere in her room. In Taylor's bedroom, police found more bags of marijuana, partially burned marijuana cigarettes, and an assault rifle hidden in the air conditioning duct. More marijuana, packaging supplies, and another weapon were found elsewhere in the apartment. Taylor told police that some of the contraband belonged to her boyfriend, who spent nights in the apartment. She admitted that her boyfriend was a drug dealer who carried guns to protect his drugs and money. Malise was present in the living room while armed adults were preparing marijuana for sale. Drug deals had been made in and around Malise's presence. Taylor acknowledged that drug dealing was a violent activity and that her boyfriend was a drug dealer. Taylor exposed Malise directly to drug dealing and its hazards, as well as to loaded firearms. She thus showed a culpable disregard for the child's life. Further, evidence showed that the air in the apartment was thick with marijuana smoke. Police found in Malise's room a nebulizer machine and prescription medications used to treat severe cases of asthma. Malise's condition was so severe that, in the past, Taylor had needed to take her to the emergency room for treatment. Heavy smoke exacerbates respiratory ailments such as asthma. Taylor willfully, wantonly, and culpably allowed in her home activities that exposed Malise to drug activity, loaded weapons, and risk of death. By smoking marijuana in the apartment and by allowing the air in the apartment to be saturated with smoke, Taylor showed a reckless and wanton disregard for Malise's life and health. Proof of such conduct supports Taylor's conviction. The judgment of the trial court is affirmed."
Making firearms inoperable within the home is a goal that I think gun control supporters will continue to pursue. It furthers the goal of greater governmental control over privately-owned firearms, and it appeals to a "saving the children" mentality which tends to give causes far more emotional weight than logic dictates they are worth. (A similar "saving the young children from guns left lying about" argument is also used in the push the ban all guns that are not equipped with the fictional if not futuristic "smart gun" technology)  I doubt that we will see any serious push in the near future towards gun bans for homes with small children. Gun control supporters are currently arguing for the necessity of "safe storage" laws. By supporting these laws they implicitly say that such laws work and can protect young children. Arguing for a complete ban on firearms in homes with young children takes the opposite position that these same safe storage laws are useless and cannot work and therefore nothing but a complete ban on firearms in the home can protect small children. Arguing for a total ban for firearm in homes with young children will have to wait until after the passage of gun storage laws, where gun control advocates can then argue that "we tried the safe storage laws, but now the ban is needed because (for example) too many people ignore the safe storage law and the only way to make their children safe is to disarm the home."   It would be the next logical (or illogical, depending on your point of view) step after the passage of some "safe storage" law.  ---  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928).  "False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience; that would take fire from men because it burns, and water because one may drown in it; that has no remedy for evils, except destruction. The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes. Can it be supposed that those who have the courage to violate the most sacred laws of humanity, the most important of the code, will respect the less important and arbitrary ones, which can be violated with ease and impunity, and which, if strictly obeyed, would put and end to personal liberty--so dear to men, so dear to the enlightened legislator--and subject innocent persons to all the vexations that the guilty alone ought to suffer? Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man. They ought to be designated as laws not preventative but fearful of crimes, produced by the tumultuous impression of a few isolated facts, and not by thoughtful consideration of the inconveniences and advantages of a universal decree." Thomas Jefferson, Commonplace Book, 1774-1776, quoting 18th century criminologist Cesare Beccaria in On Crimes and Punishment, 1764
Gun enthusiasts are the only people whose hobby is protected by the constitution.  Them, and people who use their free time to post their opinions on the internet.
I agree that possession of firearms is a dangerous activity, and that firearms safety requires the exercise of personal responsibility. But the dangers involved do not affect my opinion that it is my individual right to choose whether or not to possess firearms.   Let me ask this: Is there anyone here who believes that the RKBA protected by the Second Amendment is not an individual right, or in the alternative, if it is an individual right then it should be abolished because it is too dangerous to have today?
I'm a gun rights advocate. I've posted a lot here, but I don't recall ever saying anything that would lead you to conclude I am "in favor of people with mental problems owning guns."   I have never adopted such a position, and I do not adopt one now.   I am not mentally unstable. I do not resort to shouting and name calling in my posts. I am not driven by anger or hatred. I am merely a man who firmly believes I have a right to keep and bear arms.   If you would like to discuss the RKBA with me, then I'll gladly do so with you. I'll give you the calm atmosphere you desire. I am as reserved a poster as you will meet here.
Guns in the hands of criminals- You might argue that criminals will always find ways to obtain guns if guns are outlawed. But then why do we have state laws that ban convicted felons from possessing guns? What purpose do they serve if criminals will always find ways to bypass these laws? I think we recognize that gun control laws can reduce the number of criminals owning guns although not disarm every criminal. Would you rather face an armed or unarmed criminal? I think the answer is obvious and that a victim has a greater chance of surviving and escaping if their attacker is not armed. If this is not true then again what is the purpose of laws that prohibit felons from owning firearms?   Guns in the hands of law abiding citizens- Now that we've considered how armed criminals can endanger the public let's talk about whether or not guns in the hands of law abiding citizens are a danger to the public. Obviously, guns can be stolen from law abiding citizens and end up in criminal hands. So there is a real and potential danger here. Furthermore, law abiding citizens can sell their guns to criminals in private transactions. In these transactions, the purchaser is not required to pass a background check so how can the seller be sure whether or not the buyer has a criminal history? There is always a first time. In a moment of extreme stress, a previously law abiding citizen might commit an act of violence with his or her firearm. And then there's the issue of practicality. It's not always possible to distinguish between law abiding citizens and criminals. A criminal might have a clean record because he or she has never been caught. Consider strawman purchases. A person with no record buys a firearm for a person with a record. The buyer is a criminal because he is engaging in an illegal act but has no record because he has never been caught.   After reading some posts in this forum, I wasn't sure if the people here clearly understood the arguments against guns. So I thought it best to explain.
To allow the courts to punish offenders more harshly.    To form a factual basis for your argument, you'd need to take a look at countries with wildly differing firearms laws, and cross reference the total homicide rate. Homicides comitted with firearms are misleading and entirely irrelevant. If the presence of firearms themselves increases the rate of homicide, then countries with more guns will have a higher percentage of the population being killed.  Take, for example, Scotland, where 4.7 percent of homes have guns, and there is a homicide rate of 2.24 (per 100,000).  Then we can cross reference this with Canada, where 29.1% of homes have guns, and the homicide rate is 2.16, or France, where 22.6% of homes have guns, and the homicide rate is 1.12.  When one has access to the right data, it becomes abundantly clear that simple volume and type of firearms is not a factor in preventing (or increasing) how many people are killed. The guns don't matter. Therefore, banning them in order to save lives has no basis in reality. I'm not sure how you arrived at the conclusion you did or where you got your data from. I found this study by Swiss criminologist Martin Killias that takes into consideration the homicide rates and gun ownership rates of several developed nations. "The present study, based on a sample of eighteen countries, confirms the result of previous work based on the 14 countries surveyed during the first International Crime Survey. Substantial correlations were found between gun ownership and gun-related as well as total homicide and suicide rates. Widespread gun ownership has not been found to reduce the likelihood of fatal events committed with other means. Thus, people do not turn to knives and other potententially lethal weapons less often when more guns are available, but more guns usually means more victims of homicide and suicide." http://www.unicri.it/wwd/analysis/icvs/pdf_files/understanding_files/19_GUN%20OWNERSHIP.pdf
Here in Australia we have sensible age limits on Gun Ownership  We don't have the problem the USA has with ever more youthful drug dealers and school shootings. But your country is not wanting to stop those. Are they?  I am talking about the age being 18 to own a gun not Kids as Young as 11, and 18 seems to be a realistc age for gun ownership and military service   Your post sAYING ANY AGE Is more than the ######## you always go on about. Its evil.  You want to see the killing of our kids as well   Your insulting remark about military service also shows your ingnorance about my country.  Many of our young people have fought and died in Wars and some of Your Wars with guns.   And At least we all vote here at an early age.  In Australia Guns are sensibly restricted to younger age groups.    Its a set of Gun Death statisics You have in the the USA we dont have or need.  3 OR 4,000 young people a year isnt it?emoticon_xkill         ------------------------------------------ *:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,_,.-:*'``'*:-.,  "Does a gunbuyback Work? Do Bears #### in the Woods?  Aussie gun controls have made remarkable  reductions in gun deaths A Gun was involved in 18% of  murders, 10% of murders and 5% of robberies. These falling figures are  the lowest on record .    *  Oh sorry officer............. I Didn't know the Gun was loaded
Well I'm not advocating this but technically doesn't the Constitution dictate than anyone from birth should be able to own a gun? The second amendment guarantees the right of everyone to bear arms (actually prohibits ANY restrictions against keeping and bearing arms) and the 14th amendment defines a citizen to be anyone born or naturalized in the US. This is not what the Supreme Court has ruled regarding the Second Amendment.
They are to interpret the Constitution, not decide what they think it means. Um, that's what interpret means...  Zach, the general approach to such issues is to look at the intent of the people who wrote the law. If I may, I will paste something I've written elsewhere:  Let us look at what the committee presented to the rest of the House: A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, being the best security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed, but no person religiously scrupulous shall be compelled to bear arms. It is abundantly clear that the rationale for "the people" to keep and bear arms is that the source of a militia, which is necessary for security, is "the people." Furthermore, we can see from the latter part of the proposed amendment that the committee specifically wanted to avoid implying that pacifists were required to bear arms for the purpose of national security. This makes absolutely no sense if the explanatory clause's reference to the militia has no effective meaning, but it makes perfect sense if the reference to the militia was pertinent. According to several sources cited in the U.S. v. Miller decision, militiamen were expected to supply their own weapons if called into duty, which requires owning guns and ammunition. This is perfectly harmonious with the interpretation that is already sufficently clear.  In other words, "Because a militia is necessary, and because the militia is composed of the people, the people need to be armed; however, we are not saying that 'the people must be armed so that they can serve in the militia.'" Of course, it was a bit more clear in the context of the other conversation, but this should suffice.
It seems inconsistent to think that the Second Amendment has something to do with the right of an organized group, maybe even a group under the supervision of the state government, when all the other amendments are so clearly aimed at protecting the rights of individuals. It seems inconsistent to think that the rest of the Bill of Rights is devoid of explanatory phrases like that found in the Second Amendment but that the explanatory phrase means nothing...
"Militia," at the time the Second Amendment was written, referred to ordinary, individual citizens. ... who needed arms in order to participate in the well-regulated militia.  To read it as referring to some organized, government-controlled group, when it clearly did not mean that when it was written, is to turn the essential law of the land into silly putty that can mean almost anything. To read "well-regulated militia" as everyday joes haphazardly thrown together would be better? Are you even listening to yourself?  People who would skew the meaning of the Second Amendment, pretending it did not mean what it manifestly did mean ... You mean people like you? You should read U.S. v. Miller.  If individual citizens should not, in your view, be permitted to own firearms, them make your case and let the amendment process work to make your view the law of the land. You won't because you can't. Done. See U.S. v. Miller. I also notice that you responded not to my passage above pertaining to the intent of the Congressmen who approved the amendment.
"The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States..."   You mean you may have to turn in your weapons on your 45th birthday?
Everyone, watch as a non-lawyer approaches a lawyer about law and quickly gets his XXX kicked for being so bold...  Okay, Bryan, I'm not a lawyer like yourself, and you very well may wipe the floor with this approach, but what if I interpret things differently?  "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly, it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."  Rather than the significant phrases being those you have selected (which I underlined above), what if the significant phrase is that which I have boldfaced above? The underlined phrases simply elaborate on why the weapon in question can be disqualified from being protected by the Second Amendment, as it would have no "reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia." After all, this is the clause that is paired with the proclamation that the instrument's possession is not protected.  That being said... I will openly agree that the paragraph cited is indeed worded in a way that could justify your conclusion. However, I interpret the boldfaced phrase's location adjacent to the assertion as being more important than the following sentence.
Thank you for your well-written response. I suppose I should have expected as much, given your profession and your posting history.  Listen, being a lawyer is only a license to pretend I know what I'm talking about... [snip]  Well, even then, I figure your that experience with legal decisions should not be ignored. That is something I lack, even if I only pretend that I know what I'm talking about, too...  The phrase you cite means to me that if there was evidence that a particular weapon "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia" then the 2nd. Amendment would protect an individual citizen's right to possess it. .... I think the Miller Court goes on to announce that one way to prove this would be by presenting evidence that it was "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."  Once again, I have to concede that I don't think it's totally unreasonable to interpret it that way. However, I instead interpret the "judicial notice" clause as being all that is (was) necessary to determine whether the weapon in question is protected, which was the purpose of hearing the case (if I am not mistaken). (As a rough representation, think of a rhetorical question: "How can it be useful for the militia if it isn't ordinary military equipment and doesn't even contribute to the common defense?") To put it another way, although a "no" answer to (either of) those questions would disqualify it, a "yes" answer to both isn't sufficient for qualification. For the purposes of this case, however, affirming disqualification was all that was necessary.  Miller promptly jumped bond on his appeal, and no one appeared to argue his case. Hmm... According to my reading, while it is true that nobody argued his case, Miller had died, not elected to forego appearing. [The specifics of Miller's actions are, of course, a side issue here.]  I realize that my position isn't so much a counterargument as a different interpretation, but I wanted to put it out there and see what happened. I also realize that my interpretation gives us no real test for protection, but I (again, in my lay opinion) don't see that as a detrimental issue, only a problematic one no worse than that which follows from your interpretation. If you have any further commentary or argument (especially regarding the law or conventions of legal decisions of which I'm not aware), please share.
Bryan, I am again impressed by your ability to track down information.  I find myself agreeing with you on interpretation. I think the Aymette reference to "private broils" and "robber and assassin" probably speak to the intent with which arms are or are not protected, but even "non-standard" arms could be useful in war, and -- as you point out -- Aymette includes no applicable test in any case.  (Wow, this is a mess. I'm glad I don't have your job.)  Although I didn't get humiliated as I half-expected, I was supplied with an abundance of information that I did not have, which is the actual goal. A big hat tip to you, sir.
A Sensible Age to own a Gun?  The golden age.
Golden age is older.
21  Thats the drinking age thats the shooting age.  Why do you think they call it ATF?
the only legal way for some one under 18 to get a gun is from there mom or dad. no one at 11 can legaly buy any type of firearm.  In Vermont a 14 year old can buy a rifle or shotgun. No checking, no waiting, no parents.   Yep, VT and MT, loosest gun laws in the USA.
19th Century Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story explained- "The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of the republic; since it offers a strong moral check against the usurpations and arbitrary power of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them. And yet, though this truth would seem so clear, and the importance of a well regulated militia would seem so undeniable, it cannot be disguised, that among the American people there is a growing indifference to any system of militia discipline, and a strong disposition, from a sense of it burdens, to be rid of all regulations.  How it is practicable to keep the people duly armed without some organization, it is difficult to see. There is certainly no small danger, that indifference may lead to disgust, and disgust to contempt; and thus gradually undermine all the protection intended by the clause of our national bill of rights."  Joseph Story says that the desire "to be rid of all regulations" is a significant threat to the Right to Bear Arms. And we all know who opposes regulations.  "As long as there have been guns in America there have been regulations governing their use and storage. Without government direction there would have been no body of Minutemen to muster on the town greens at Lexington and Concord. If the Founders had imbibed the strong gun rights ideology that drives today's gun debate we would all be drinking tea and singing, 'God save our gracious Queen.' Ironically, the Second Amendment does not prohibit robust gun regulation, it compels it."  www.hnn.us/articles/24828.html  That's because that in order to create an effective fighting force you need regulation. How effective would the US Army be as a fighting force if there were no regulations and every soldier did his own thing? Hamilton, in Federalist 29, recognized the importance of "uniformity in the organization and discipline of the militia" and said that "This desirable uniformity can only be accomplished by confiding the regulation of the militia to the direction of the national authority." http://www.foundingfathers.info/federalistpapers/fed29.htm
as i have been telling you for years, there are no unlimited rights, all i ask is that the second gets the same treatment as the first. i have never had to request permision from the FBI to buy any religious text.  emoticon_wow   Maybe the FBI should start having people request permission to buy religious texts. Those pages could cut someone's throat open! ... ... The reason you need permission to buy a gun and not a religious text is because you can use the gun to kill people as easily as you can squeeze your index finger. Duh.
Sorry, read the second amendment. First of all it grants no rights. It prohibits the government from infringing on these rights. There is a difference. Also it protects 2 rights. First of all it protects the right for states to keep a well regulated militia, and it also protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms. If the whole thing was talking about the same people, why does it use "militia" once and "people" another time? My interpretation is that this is protecting 2 distinct rights. One of the States and one of the people. It protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms in connection with a well regulated militia and says this is necessary to the security of a free state. The word "right" is only used once in the amendment.   If we want to treat the Second Amendment the same as the First Amendment then should all laws prohibiting convicted felons from owning firearms be repealed? Felons who have served their time have free speech so why not own firearms?
who is the militia? (hint read my sig line, the middle one)   they can threaten you life with our any repercussion, and yell FIRE in a crowded theater with out any type of punishment? can they proform human sacrifice if they follow the Aztec culture and religion?  or are there limits on what the first will allow inspite of the "shal make no laws aboridging the freedom of speech", and "make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof"? But those restrictions you mention above apply to everybody not just felons. Laws against convicted felons owning guns apply only to felons.
In my opinion, the militia clause of the second amendment is a preamble which does not limit the "right of the people." I would work to eliminate that preamble as Saul Cornell suggests, but to do so would first require me to accept what I see as the illogic of his flawed interpretation of the amendment. Cornell exoplains that, "The most popular legal dictionary used by the Framers of the Second Amendment describes the purpose of 'The Preamble of a Statute' as providing the 'Key to the Knowledge of it' since it establishes 'the Intent of the Makers of the Act.' " http://www.h-net.org/~hns/articles/2005/012305a.html  However, I would have to question if removing the preamble would be enough for the gun lobby to get what it wants since the right itself seems to be military and civic in nature. The Founders had debates about whether such groups as the Quakers should be legally exempt from bearing arms. This was because the Quakers were opposed to war. Interpreting the right as the gun lobby now does- being able to own and carry guns for your own private purposes- would make no sense in that context because the Quakers were not opposed to using guns for private purposes such as hunting. Chief Justice Joseph Story said it was difficult to see how the people could be armed "without some organization". And it is obvious from the previous sentence that such organization is the well regulated militia. Thus Story had a hard conceiving how the people could be armed outside the context of a well regulated militia.
I've read different explanations about the relationship between the justification and operative clauses of the Second Amendment. I think Michael Dorf really hits the nail on the head when he states- "The real disagreement between Volokh, on the one hand, and Williams and myself, on the other hand, has nothing to do with the general function of clause preambles; instead, we disagree over whether the operative clause standing alone is ambiguous. In my view, protecting a 'right of the people to keep and bear Arms' is a sufficiently odd way of protecting an individual right to possess firearms for rebellion, self-defense, or hunting as to provoke further inquiry.  "As I note in the next Part, at the time of the founding, the phrase 'bear arms' was most commonly used in a military setting,[58] and even today it carries a military connotation. This is not to say that people do not use the phrase to refer to individual firearm possession they do. However, many of the people who use the term that way do so for a distinctly political purpose: they aim to associate the language of the Second Amendment with private firearms possession for rebellion, self-defense, or hunting. For example, the home page of the NRA touts all that the organization does for 'your Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms.'[59] The political import of this use of the Second Amendment's language is difficult to miss. By repeatedly associating the Second Amendment's language with its own political aims, the organization increases the likelihood that, over time, the language will simply come to be synonymous with those aims." http://www.saf.org/LawReviews/DorfChicago.htm  And for that reason the preamble may not have to act as a limit since bearing arms is already a military activity.
You can yell "Fire" in a crowded area. How else do you alert people of a fire? You can't yell "fire" if there is no fire only because it's malicious of nature. Unless the criminal has shown malicious intent with a firearm it sounds like hypocrisy to punish them for it. Unless you say that criminals no longer have their constitutional rights even after their release. In Lewis v. United States the Supreme Court said based on the general rule explained in United States v. Miller that a felon's possession of a firearm is not protected by the Second Amendment because it doesn't have a reasonable relationship with a well regulated militia. Now why would the Supreme Court conclude that a felon's possesion of a weapon does not have a reasonable relationship with a well regulated militia? Is it because the type of weapons felons posssess have no potential military use or is it because felons don't belong to the well regulated militia and don't participate in militia activities? The law that the Supreme Court upheld in Lewis prohibited convicted felons from owning all types of firearms not just those with no potential military use.
 10 U.S.C. &#167; 311 - Militia: composition and classes  (a) The militia of the United States consists of all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and, except as provided in section 313 of title 32, under 45 years of age who are, or who have made a declaration of intention to become, citizens of the United States and of female citizens of the United States who are members of the National Guard.  (b) The classes of the militia are -  (1) the organized militia, which consists of the National Guard and the Naval Militia; and  (2) the unorganized militia, which consists of the members of the militia who are not members of the National Guard or the Naval Militia.  The Second Amendment speaks of a well regulated militia. Can the unorganized militia really claim to be well regulated? I don't think so. One Federal Appeals Court explained,   "Since the Miller decision, no federal court has found any individual's possession of a military weapon to be 'reasonably related to a well regulated militia.' 'Technical' membership in a state militia (e.g., membership in an 'unorganized' state militia) or membership in a non-governmental military organization is not sufficient to satisfy the 'reasonable relationship' test. Oakes, 564 F.2d at 387. Membership in a hypothetical or 'sedentary' militia is likewise insufficient." -US v. Hale  So they state that membership in an unorganized militia is not enough to satisfy the reasonable relationship test that was established by the Supreme Court. I also think that looking at history of the unorganized militia is illuminating:  "A. The term 'unorganized' did not begin to emerge until the 1830s and 1840s, when a massive wave of opposition destroyed the compulsory militia system. Nobody wanted to serve in the militia. State governors and legislators wanted to be able to accommodate this desire, but they were bound by the 1792 Uniform Militia Act, which stated that every white male aged 18-45 would be in the militia.  However, the 1792 Uniform Militia Act explicitly allowed the states to determine who was exempt from militia service. So states divided their militias into two sections, the 'organized' militia and the 'unorganized' militia. In this way, the letter, though not the spirit, of the 1792 law could be complied with. However, only the 'organized' militia would have responsibilities. These people would be volunteers, people who actually wanted to perform militia service; they gradually evolved into the National Guard. These people would have uniforms, guns, and would drill, review and encamp.   The other people were the people who did NOT want to be in the militia. Accordingly, members of the 'unorganized' militia were NOT supposed to perform any duty or carry any weapons or have any responsibilities. All that would remain was the nominal authority of the state over them for military manpower purposes. This group of people had no militia responsibilities at all (in some areas they had to register, like for the draft today). In this way states could flaunt the spirit of the 1792 Uniform Militia Act, while nominally keeping to the letter of it." http://www.adl.org/mwd/faq3.asp  So basically the unorganized militia was created to accommodate the people who didn't want to be in the militia.
The word "regulated" in the second amendment refers to trained and made regular -meaning uniform. But it sure as hell can not plausibly mean "disarmed" -as in the government has the power to regulate, therefor they can ban the possession of arms by law abiding individuals.  If you want to argue that the government has the power to demand that we purchase at our own expense mitlitary weapons and always keep them at the ready, and that we render military service in person, then I would agree with you. Story was concerned that the people were indifferent to this sort of regulation, but he was not using "regulation" in the sense that the government could prohibit the people from owning weapons. Yes, it means the kind of regulations that would be necessary to create an effective militia, not necessarily those aimed at protecting public safety. And it is because groups like the NRA don't advocate such legislation that Cornell says that neither side is interested in protecting or returning to the original right to bear arms.
In the Miller holding, the Supreme Court's usage of the terms completely undermines the Sophisticated Collective Rights argument. It is clear that Keep and bear arms refers to possession and use of certain instruments -not the maintenance of a state militia (as in Silveira)  In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense.  Also the court said:   "ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of the kind in common use at the time" (my emphasis in boldface)   While the second usage in which bearing arms is synonmous with carrying weapons might be dismissed as dicta, the first usage is from the actual holding.    I take it that you were referring to the current SCOTUS, but I thought I would toss this in anyway. But keeping and bearing arms for what purpose? It seems from the context it is for militia purposes.
I do not want to get hung up on the militia angle. When I posted the federal militia code section earlier in this thread I was not suggesting that the RKBA should be tied to any militia duty or participation. I still believe that the militia clause of the 2nd. Amendment is a preamble which does not affect the right clause which follows it.   http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=182362#post182362  SCOTUS has never tied the RKBA to membership or participation in a militia. In all of its cases since Miller, not one single person has claimed to be a member of a militia, and yet the Court heard the infringement claim anyway. If SCOTUS were to believe that the right only pertains to militia members, then all of these 2nd. Amendment right claims would have been dismissed out of hand for lack of standing. SCOTUS would have told these appellants that since the right does not apply to individual citizens you cannot complain that you have been denied the right. In short, you can't claim to be protected by a right you never had to begin with. And to my knowledge, U.S. v. Emmerson was the only cases in which the government sought to overreach and claim that only militia members have a RKBA. The government's argument was rejected by the 5th. Circuit, and shortly thereafter the Bush Administration permitted Ashcroft to reverse that policy argument.  U.S. v. Miller was no different in refusing to tie the RKBA to militia service. Jack Miller was a bootlegger who got caught with a sawed off shotgun. He never claimed that he was a member of a militia, or that he was performing a militia function when he got caught. But SCOTUS did not dismiss his 2nd. Amendment infringement claim for lack of standing as a militia member. Instead, it assumed that he had an individual right to keep and bear a firearm for his individual purposes. After accepting the individual right existed, SCOTUS then announced the right was limited to weapons which can be shown to have a legitimate militia function. In doing so, it punished Miller in a very ex post facto manner. At Miller's trial he did not put forth any facts to suggest that his sawed-off shotgun could contribute to the common defense. He had no reason to do so, because although he had a very sympathetic judge who was looking for a way to use the 2nd. Amendment he could not look into the future to see that SCOTUS would declare this to be the standard on appeal. Now typically when SCOTUS announces new standards it will remand the case back to the trial court for a new "do over" hearing in which everyone now knows what must be proved. (Atkins v. Virginia is an excellent example of how this works). But in Miller SCOTUS essentially said "sorry buddy, you didn't prove the standard and it's your fault for not having guessed what it would be on appeal." Cornell addressed the standing issue in his book. Basically, he says that the Supreme Court could have dismissed the case on standing alone but it decided to hear the case because it wanted to make it clear that guns could be regulated for public safety purposes. In the 1930's new restrictions were placed on guns that were associated with criminal activities and the Supreme Court wanted to make it clear that Congress' regulation of such guns was Constitutional.
Yeah, my post was concerning the current court. And you are right about Miller. The Court recognized that Miller had a right to "bear" arms for individual purposes.   We can go back further than Miller even to find examples of SCOTUS using a non-military/militia interpretation of the 2nd. Amendment phrase "keep and bear arms." In 1875 SCOTUS heard U.S. v. Cruikshank, 92 U.S. 542, which dealt with the federal prosecution of a klansmen for conspiracy to violate a new federal law which made it a crime to deprive a citizen of his fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution. Cruikshank was specifically charged with conspiring to deny the black freedmen their fundamental rights of free speech and to keep and bear arms. He did so by leading a band of rioters who burned down a Louisiana courthouse in which armed freedmen had taken refuge while protesting a disputed election.   Like Miller, this was a case involving non-military possession of firearms by private individuals for purposes of private self defense without any connection to a militia function. When klansman Cruikshank sought to deprive the black freedmen of this right, he was prosecuted. This is how SCOTUS described the 2nd. Amendment RKBA:   "The right there specified is that of bearing arms for a lawful purpose." Cruikshank, 92 U.S. at 552. [my bold emphasis]  Again we see a description of the right to keep and bear arms which is not limited to a military context. In this case, the bearing of arms was for the lawful purpose of individual self-defense. Cornell points out that the issue was that the KKK had been disarming the negro militias. He points out that in Cruikshank the Supreme Court actually ruled in favor the states' rights position. It's in his book but I quote this blog for convenience: "The Klan's disarmament of the Negro militias became the trigger for a militia-based theory of 2nd Amendment incorporation. The Democrats opposed this theory and refined their states' rights theory in response to this version of incorporation. I was somewhat astonished that nobody in the South Carolina KKK trials raised anything like the individual rights theory of the 2nd Amendment. Indeed, the right of self defense was cited by the Klan as an argument against the militia view! The final nail in that theory was Cruikshank. In that case the individual rights theory was floated by one of the judges who first heard the case, but it was abandoned by the government and rejected by the Supreme Court when the case was finally heard. Rather than adopt a neo-abolitionist point of view and embrace the individual rights view, the Court embraced the views of the Democrats who opposed incorporation and viewed the Second Amendment as a right of the states." http://blog.oup.com/oupblog/2006/07/tushnet_cornell.html
[QUOTE=gman;250727]The word "regulated" in the second amendment refers to trained and made regular -meaning uniform. But it sure as hell can not plausibly mean "disarmed" -as in the government has the power to regulate, therefor they can ban the possession of arms by law abiding individuals.  If you want to argue that the government has the power to demand that we purchase at our own expense mitlitary weapons and always keep them at the ready, and that we render military service in person, then I would agree with you. Story was concerned that the people were indifferent to this sort of regulation, but he was not using "regulation" in the sense that the government could prohibit the people from owning weapons.      The right to own and bear with intent to simply be a reserve unit for a government is absurd. The intent was to protect the republic from foreign and domestic enemies. Republic being the people, not the government. I don't think they were a reserve unit. I think the militia was meant to be the main military force. And government regulation was necessary to make the militia effective so that it could protect the republic from foreign and domestic enemies. The Militia Act of 1792 is an example of that regulation. In addition, each state had its own militia laws. The Militia was called upon by the Federal Government to defend the nation against the British in the War of 1812.
http://www.nraila.org/issues/factsheets/read.aspx?id=104  In addition to marksmanship, the NRA teaches firearm safety. That has been its mission from the start, and this at least forms a basis for further training. I think the NRA would have to go a lot farther than that if it was truly interested in promoting the Second Amendment. Thomas Scott explained his reason for objecting to the consientious objector clause in the debate about the proposed Second Amendment in the First Congress. He feared that under the proposed clause conscientous objectors would, "neither be called upon for their services, nor [could] an equivalent be demanded."  He said that in such circumstances, "a militia can never be depended upon. This would lead to the violation of another article in the constitution, which secures to the people the right of keeping arms, and in this case recourse must be had to a standing army."  Scott further explained his objection futher, "There are many sects I know, who are religiously scrupulous in this respect; I do not mean to deprive them of any indulgence the law affords; my design is to guard against those who are of no religion. It has been urged that religion is on the decline; if so, the argument is more strong in my favor, for when the time comes that religion should be discarded, the generality of persons shall have recourse to these pretexts to get excused from bearing arms"  He thought non religious people would use the clause to exempt themselves from keeping and bearing arms rather than those who had a legitimate reason.  Scott's fear was people would find a way around the Second Amendment by declaring themselves conscientous objectors. Now people have found another way around the Second Amendment and that is the unorganized militia. People can now claim to belong to the unorganized militia although they may never engage in any type of militia activity. If groups like the NRA were truly interesting in following the Second Amendment they would be advocating the return of such laws as the Militia Act of 1792.
The text of second amendment does not limit the right to any specific purpose. There is no qualifier or conditional in the text. Any claim that is for ONLY one purpose is not based on the text -nor would history support such a claim. If bear arms has a military meaning I'm not sure how you arrive at this conclusion. And from your argument below you seem to seem to recognize the possibility that it might have a military meaning. And I'm not talking about state action.    However we can say for certain that "bear arms" as used in the Congressional debates on the bill of Rights refers to an individual person's actions and not collective or state action.  At a minimum this phrase refers "to render military service in person" as per  Madison's draft of the amendment and other references describing "bearing  arms" as the action of an individual person.   Madison: "...no person scrupulous of bearing arms, shall be compelled to  render military service in person ". (my emphasis)  George Wyethe of the Virginia convention: "...that any person scrupulous of  bearing arms ought to be exempted upon payment of an equivalent to employ another to bear arms in his stead."  Also the court quoted from the Rhode Island convention: (identical to Wyethe) "...that any person scrupulous of bearing arms ought to be exempted upon payment of an equivalent to employ another to bear arms in his stead."   With this meaning for "bearing arms" in mind, the second amendment then would read:  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the rigth of the people to keep arms and render militiary service in person shall not be infringed.   While one can certainly argue that the term may be read more broadly, so as to include keeping arms for other purposes such as hunting (as in the VA Militia acti cited in Miller, and the Address of the PA Minority) or self defense (as in John Adams highly influential Defense of the Constitution), one can not plausibly argue that the right to keep and bear arms doesn't include at least how those terms were used during the Congressional debates. In the records of the Congressional debates about the proposed second amendment it has a military meaning. I think if you look at the big picture you'll find that bear arms was generally a military term and that quoting a few examples where it might have been been used to mean hunting or self defense doesn't change the dominant meaning of the term in the 18th Century. But I think its meaning has evolved over time. State Supreme courts were divided about its meaning in the 19th Century. 19th Century abolitionists insisted slaves had an individual right to bear arms that wasn't connected with militia service.  From a PhD dissertation that examined the early usage of the term: "This paper finds that the overwhelming preponderance of usage of 300 examples of the 'bear arms' expression in public discourse in early America was in an unambiguous, explicitly military context in a figurative (and euphemistic) sense to stand for military service, especially in the militia. Such usage represented a remarkable continuity over nearly two centuries, so much so that the phrase came to represent standard legal terminology describing military obligation, capability, exemption (especially for pacifists), service, and, after 1776, constitutional right." http://www.potowmack.org/emerappa.html#summ
The NRA does support the ownership of militiary style weapons by the general populace, and does encourage marksmanship and proper handling.  Do they support forcing persons like professor Cornell to pay into a fund for delinquents from which poor persons could be provided arms ? I have never heard such a thing proposed by the NRA but I can't say for certain either way.   But considering there are many tens of millions of people willing and able to provide themselves with arms at their own expense, I would say that the militia is much better armed than at any time in the past, and the lack of a fund for delinquents in not a problem that needs addressing.  I am not an NRA member (yet) so I can not say for certain whether they would support state mandated training if it went far beyond basic marksmanship and weapons familiarity. For instance if the states suddenly rekindled an interest in the militia now that the federal government has overworked the National Guard, and set about requiring men between 16 and 60 to report for training for a month at a time, I really couldn't guess what the NRA's response would be.   To my knowledge, the NRA has not proposed any such thing so as in most cases, Cornell's argument does have a small sliver of truth to it. But as usual, he ignores the larger issue -the NRA does support CIVILIAN arms ownership and marksmanship which is the baseline training that is needed for CIVILIAN readiness (i.e. militia). And if Cornell had his way, there would be no civilian readiness whatever. The founders meant the militia to be the main military force and they expected it to be ready to defend their own state and nation against external and internal threats. What if the main military force of our day adopted the NRA's attitude?- We will encourage soldiers to own guns. We will encourage them to train. But it isn't necessary to require it. Many soldiers may have little experience or no experience with guns. Many may have no training at all. But that's okay. They'll be ready when the time comes. How practical do you think such an attitude is? The General Social Survey indicates the gun ownership rate has been declining in America. Down to about a third now. And how many own machine guns and are trained to use them? Now I think we can recognize the truth in Cornell's statement about modern day pro-gun ideology: "If the Founders had imbibed the strong gun rights ideology that drives today's gun debate we would all be drinking tea and singing, 'God save our gracious Queen.' Ironically, the Second Amendment does not prohibit robust gun regulation, it compels it."  www.hnn.us/articles/24828.html  I think the founders wanted the militia to be a well trained and effective fighting force so that they wouldn't have to rely so much on a standing army. In centuries past the goverment had often used a standing army to oppress the people. Nowadays people are pretty content to rely on a standing army.  Yes the NRA does encourage gun ownership but for the reasons listed above I think at best their efforts to support the Second Amendment can be characterized as half assed and you would have to go much further if the goal is to create an effective military force.   I think the original right to bear arms was indistinguishable from a duty. Blackstone explained, "the rights of persons that are commanded to be observed by the municipal law are of two sorts; first, such as are due from every citizen, which are usually called civil duties; and, secondly, such as belong to him, which is the more popular acceptation of rights." -Commentaries, I:119  Nowadays people tend to view rights as being only claims against government interference. But the Second Amendment actually invites government interference. People that refused to arm themselves and show up for militia muster could be court martialled.
Waving around a vague notion of a "military context" does not answer the question of "who" possessed to right in question.  The one definite answer from a review of the usage of "bear arms" is that the term refers to the actions of individuals. Did I ever say it referred to the states? Cornell challenges us to think outside of the collective/individual dichotomy.    Which individuals? -would be the next logical question. Since the amendment does not qualify "the people" in any way (no "when in actual service" or any such qualifier) then it must refer to the people as in the other amendments in which the phrase "the right of the people" is used.   For what purpose can the people keep and bear arms? The amendment does not specify that the right to keep and bear arms is to be protected ONLY for service in a militia. There is no conditional attached to "the right ... shall not be infringed". But if the term itself has a military meaning then attaching another phrase that expressed such a conditional would be redundant.    What you are left to argue is that the words "bearing arms" limits the protections for the possession and use of arms to ONLY those persons on active duty in a state sponsored militia and ONLY for state militia purposes.   But you do not have anything to make your case other than a vague "military constext". I have already mentioned 3 contemporary references to uses of arms by individuals which are not exclusively related to state militia purposes but which are mentioned in a militia act, in a proposal for an amendment guaranteeing the right of the people to bear arms, and in describing the proper role of the militia while defending the authority of the federal government over the militia. Note that each of these references are highly relevant in both time and subject matter to the discussion at hand.   But can you mention even one contemporary reference in which the second amendment or "the right to keep and bear arms" was said to refer ONLY to persons on active duty in the state militia? I'm familiar with one of those references (the minority report). Cornell basically argues that its use of bear arms is non standard that it was put together at the last moment and not well thought out. Ulliver and Merkel point out that the minority consisted of only one man: "Yet this 'minority report' turns out, on closer inspection, to reflect no more than the ramblings of a single embittered eccentric who departed the convention in disgust when he was unable to scuttle ratification. As such, the failure of Pennsylvania's one man 'minority' merely accentuates the fact that opinion favoring a personal right to arms independent of the militia remained highly marginal in state conventions outside of New Hampshire." http://lawreview.kentlaw.edu/articles/76-1/Final%20Uviller-Merkel.pdf  And finding a few references in which bear arms has an alternative meaning doesn't change the big picture. Keep and bear arms not only means active duty it also means being prepared for active duty.    One can hardly imagine a bill of rights to a state constitution containing a right to bear arms provision which referred exclusively to persons enrolled in the armed forces of the state as that would be a pointless guarantee. And yet you claim that is the meaning of the phrase in the context of the second amendment. Why would it be pointless? Don't you think it important for the militia to be prepared?
Calling the NRA's efforts regarding maintaining a militia as the founders had in mind "half-assed" is downright ridiculous given that Cornell would deny the citizens at large the right even to keep the arms needed and to train with them to become proficient marksmen. That is far worse the the pot simply calling the kettle black -it is the pot calling the kettle black and much too little. Have you read Cornell's book? Particularly the last chapter. I don't think you'll find anywhere where he wants to ban guns. Cornell approaches the subject from an intellectual angle and I think he's doing his part to promote the Second Amendment by informing people about its history. You have to understand the Second Amendment if you want to follow it.    But how on earth do you get from those comments to a place where the right to bear arms is much less than the duty. I argue that the right must be at least as broad as the duty -nothing you posted above would contradict that, and in fact the statement from Blackstone would support my point.  Given that militia duty (to constantly keep a supply of arms and render military service in person) was a duty of all free men capable of bearing arms, would not the right be at least as broad?   Instead of contradicting my arguments you are supplying information that supports them.  Now if only you could find evidence that the right to keep and bear arms is actually much more constrained than the duty, you would have something to run with. When people say that the right exists in connection with a militia they are essentially arguing that the right is as broad as the duty but no broader so I'm not sure what your point is above.
My point is that I have cited contemporary references indicating that the right is broader than the duty, and that the right belongs to the individual whether he is on active duty in a militia or not.   What contemporary evidence can you cite in support of your claim that the right to keep and bear arms is no broader than the duty. What contemporary evidence can you show that the right applies only to active duty members of the militia, rather than to "the people" as in the rest of the Bill of Rights. The People is rather a vague and general term and I think the founders could have viewed those belonging to the militia as being the people. Modern day gun advocates like to assign a very individualistic meaning to "the people" and interpret it as meaning each adult individual. The 55 delegates who referred to themselves as "We the People" in the premable to the Constitution probably thought their actions were generally representative of the people. It didn't mean that each individual in America wanted a Constitution.    For arguments sake one might consider the effect of treating the right only as broad as the duty, as I did in an earlier post. Since every free male capable of bearing arms was required to constantly keep a supply of arms and render military service in person as per the 1792 Federal militia act as well as the militia acts of several of the states, then they would also have at least that right. (I would note that the earliest court decisions did not even ask about active duty status or lack thereof, and state militia laws required all elligible for militia duty to keep arms whether they were in the train band(active duty) or not.)   Under your theory, in cases where a person would be excused from militia duty because of old age or physical disability, would you say that person does not have the right to keep and bear arms ? Yes, I think so. I think the situation with conscientious objectors is illuminating. Some of the Founders thought that exempting certain people from bearing arms would be a threat to the right. Now if the right were a personal right for such things as hunting and self defense this would make little sense. A conscientious objector could still do these things although he was not required to perform any militia duties.    Would a person wounded in service to the state and so excused from further active duty, then lose the right to keep and bear arms?   What protection would such a provision afford if ONLY those persons on active duty in the state military forces had a right to keep and bear arms? How would that hold the goverment in check?[/quote] The existence of a well regulated militia would lessen the reliance on a standing army. That's how it was intended to hold the government in check. It wouldn't matter if a few were disabled and unable to perform militia duty. What would matter is that the militia itself was an effective military force.    Under your theory could the government pass game laws or employ other pretexts for disarming the citizens who were not on active duty in the state military forces? I think the Second Amendment would be neutral on such an issue.  Game laws would be discriminatory against the poor and middle and lower classes and therefore perhaps a violation of the 14th's equal protection clause. In addition there is the common law right of self defense which could be used as an argument against disarming citizens not in the militia.
Not at all. If the intent was to limit the use of arms by individuals to only active duty persons, then the term "the people" requires a qualifier. You keep ignoring the "who". "bear arms" would seem to be the qualifier. People usually bear arms in connection with a military organization. I don't think the Founders intended for a bunch of one man militias to be walking around. You had to enroll in the militia.     Note that in Aymette, the court said that bearing arms had only a military meaning, BUT that court said the state could NOT deny the citizens' right to bear arms altogether -only to place limits for maintaining the peace. As to keeping arms, that court said as long as the ARMS were suitable for use for militia duty, the right of the citizens to keep them is "unqualified". Interesting. So do people have a right to keep any military weapon in their homes? Historian Gary Wills explains that keep does not necessarily mean keep at home. It could mean the people keep their guns in some type of communal armory "Gun advocates read 'to keep and bear' disjunctively, and think the verbs refer to entirely separate activities. 'Keep,' for them, means 'possess personally at home'- a lot to load into one word. To support this entirely fanciful construction, they have to neglect the vast literature on militias.....Some arms could be kept at home, course. Some officers kept their most valuable piece of war equipment, a good cross-country horse, at home, where its upkeep was a daily matter feeding and physical regimen. But military guns were not ideally kept home." http://www.potowmack.org/garwills.html  If it does mean keep at home what would that mean in our day? You can keep any type of weapon no matter how dangerous, even WMD's in your own home? The city of Boston in the 18th Century passed a law which limited the amount of gun powder that could be kept in a person's home. "Unqualified" as used by the Amyette Court probably means there were no qualifications such as existed in the British right to bear arms (social status and religion).    Cornell tries to dismiss the Address of the PA Minority as a non-standard usage (hunting as a meaning to bearing arms) but the clear intent of that provision was to protect the right to bear arms as an individual right in relation to the common defense as well as for individual purposes. That may have been the true intent but that does not necessarily mean its use of language was standard.    The failure to get passage of the proposal for a right to bear arms amendment no more reflects a lack of support for that meaning than the failure of the Minority to a get passage of a free press or freedom of religion provisions reflects a lack of support for those rights. Once again Cornell employs specious reasoning. We know that there was support for freedom of the press and freedom of religion because it was actually included in the Bill of Rights. What was never included was an amendment protecting hunting.     John Adams mention of "personal self defense" in Defense of the Constitution is even more harmful to Cornell's argument in that Adams was not even discussing rights, Adams was discussing the militia in general and individual citizens being armed, and for what purposes he considered acceptable. John Adams may have favored arms for personal self defense but did he say that this is what is meant by the right to bear arms?    In the VA militia act they are specifying the types of arms that are required to be puchased and kept -and they make an allowance for the milita west of the blue ridge to keep rifles instead of the standard musket. The illustrates that the makers of that militia act contemplated other uses for the weapons to be kept. (Hunting/trapping was common activity in the frontier and rifle is of much more use than a musket)  Also there is Tenche Coxe "private arms" reference in his description of what became the second amendment.  Lastly, few is better than none! I would much rather have a few contemporary usages supporting my argument, than none supporting a claim that the right relates only to active duty militia service. "Supporters of the individual rights view have focused on the fact that Coxe asserted that 'the people are confirmed by the next article in their right to keep and bear their private arms.' While at first glance this would seem to provide proof of an individual right, it is not clear in what capacity the people's private arms are protected. Are they protected as private citizens or are they protected because as militiamen citizens were expected to provide their own weapons for militia duty? Coxe's statement ultimately tells us little about how people understood the individual or collective nature of the right to keep and bear arms in the late-eighteenth century." http://historymatters.gmu.edu/d/5200  So the Coxe quote doesn't necessarily tell us for what purpose it was protected.    Lastly, few is better than none! I would much rather have a few contemporary usages supporting my argument, than none supporting a claim that the right relates only to active duty militia service. In Madison's first draft of the Second Amendment bear arms clearly has a military meaning. In the debates in the first Congress it also had a military meaning.   From a PhD dissertation that examined the early usage of the term: "This paper finds that the overwhelming preponderance of usage of 300 examples of the 'bear arms' expression in public discourse in early America was in an unambiguous, explicitly military context in a figurative (and euphemistic) sense to stand for military service, especially in the militia." http://www.potowmack.org/emerappa.html#summ So I don't think the claim can be easily dismissed. Just because one come up with a few quotes where it might have had a non military meaning doesn't change the big picture.    Yes! "It also means being prepared for active duty".  That has been my point all along. All of us have that right, whether we are on active duty or not. If I had known you agreed with me on that point we could have moved on earlier. I'm not sure what your point is. Are you arguing that those not in the militia had to be prepared for militia duties? If that's so then why not include them in the militia? Minutemen were expected to be ready at a minute's notice. That's an example of being prepared.
The people meaning the same as the militia only makes sense if the militia is a general militia which includes all of "the people". A thing can not be a something less than itself. "The people" can not plausibly refer to only a small portion of the people. So if you say that the people chose to reelect Bush in 2004 does that mean everyone voted for Bush? Whether it seems plausible to you or not that's how language is used.    So are you now making a collective rights argument? Is that what you have been doing all along? Certainly it has both collective and individual elements in it. But the theory advocated by Cornell doesn't not fit into either of the collective versions.    How's that?  Mr. Gerry - This declaration of rights, I take it, is intended to secure the  people against the mal-administration of the government; if we could suppose that in all cases the rights of the people would be attended to, the occasion for guards of this kind would be removed. Now, I am apprehensive, sir, that this clause would give an opportunity to the people in power to destroy the constitution itself. They can declare who are those religiously scrupulous, and prevent them from bearing arms. What, sir, is the use of a militia? It is to prevent the establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty. Now it must be evident, that under this provision, together with their other powers, congress could take such measures ith respect to a militia, as make a standing army necessary. Whenever government mean to invade the rights and liberties of the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order to raise an army upon their ruins.   Gerry objects to the CO clause because it might be used by govenment as pretext to prevent some portion of the people from bearing arms. How can that help your argument?  Or would that be Scott's complaint that if the government did not compel COs to pay into the fund for delinquents, then there would be no money to purchase arms for those who were to poor to buy them themselves?  Both objections are on the basis that the goverment might undermine the militia by preventing the people from keeping or bearing arms, and then place complete reliance on the standing army. If Cornell really respected the second amendment and understood its history he would not be arguing that since the militia has fallen into disuse, the right no longer exists.  I don't see how bear arms has a non military meaning in that quote. And if the bear arms has a non-military meaing how would not requiring certain people to serve in the militia prevent them from bearing arms? In that case they could still bear arms for hunting and self defense so the government wouldn't be preventing them from bearing arms because they were exempted from militia duties because of their conscientious objector status.    If the government could undermine the existence of an effective milita by disarming the people using various pretexts, we would have exactly the situation decried by Mr. Gerry, Mr. Scott, and Joseph Story.  "If a few were disabled" is a bad joke considering that in your view the government can "disable" anyone they so choose. When did I say that?   That's very odd -you began this thread with a quote from Joseph Story, Yet here you are contradicting the man.  "ยง 1891. A similar provision in favour of protestants (for to them it is  confined) is to be found in the [English] bill of rights ofll of rights of  1688, it being declared, "that the subjects, which are protestants, may have  arms for their defence suitable to their condition, and as allowed by law."  [FN3] But under various pretences the effect of this provision has been  greatly narrowed; and it is at present in England more nominal than real, as  a defensive privilege."  Footnotes:  1 Tucker's Black. Comm. App.300; Rawle on Const. ch.10, p.125; 2 Lloyd's Debates, 219,220 That quote doesn't say those pretenses were game laws.
So now your argument is that "bear arms" is a qualifier? You can not be serious. Consult a book on grammar. An infinitive phrase can act as an adjective. And bear arms means to render military service so it would make sense that you belong to some type of military organization (the well regulated militia in this case). I don't think the Founders wanted there to be a bunch of one man militias. You aren't a militia of one.    Gary Wills shows how silly he can be when suggesting that if the founders wanted the people to have the right to Keep arms at home they would have specified that right.   From A Necessary Evil: If Congress had meant anything so outlandish, it could have said with great verbal economy "keep at home and bear ...."   Paraphrasing the eminent linquist: If Coingress wanted us to have the freedom of speech at home, they would have been more specific.   Of course, as any 4th grader knows, the words "at home" would act a qualifier placing a limit on the right. As it stands, the freedom of speech is unqualified and so there is absolutely no need to specifiy that we have the right to freedom of speech at home.   On the other hand, if Congress had wanted individuals to keep their arms only in central stores, they would have specified that in the Second Amendment and in the 1792 Militia Act -but they did not! Militias of that era often kept their arms in public stores so I don't think a comparison with freedom of speech is particularly enlightening. I think Wills was trying to say that it doesn't necessarily mean keep at home not that it never could.    And yes, "unqualified" in Aymette refers to there being no further (the right included all free white men) qualifications on WHO may bear arms under the Tenn. constitution which was far broader in that regard than the British bill of rights. There is no mention of having to be on active duty or even enrolled in the militia in order to keep arms, and that is the case even in the Tenn.  But it says bear arms has a military meaning and you usually perform military service in connection with some type of organization. You aren't a one man militia.    constitution in which the phrase "for the common defense" follows the right to bear arms.   The Second amendment is broader still since it refers to "the people" and does not contain the qualifier "for the common defense". "the common defense" could mean national defense so the founders didn't want to limit the role of the militia to that purpose in the Second Amendment. The Tennessee constitution actually says "their common defense".    Neither Cornell, nor anyone else to date, has found any contemporary evidence to support the claim that the right to bear arms ONLY related to persons on active duty. If that were truly the ONLY meaning of the right to bear arms, you would think that your side could find at least ONE reference.   How about the proposed conscientous objector clause- "but no person religiously scrupulous of bearing arms shall be compelled to render military service in person."  So if it has a non-military meaning we could interpret it as: "but no person religiously scrupulous of hunting or carrying a gun for personal self defense shall be compelled to render military service in person."  As far as I know such groups as the Quakers were opposed to war at that time and thus military service, not to hunting or carrying a weapon for their own private purposes. And no one was compelled by law to carry weapons for private purposes. So I don't see how a non-military meaning works there.  Some people might argue that it doesn't matter because this clause was not included in the final version of the Second Amendment. Obviously, that's because they decided not to exempt conscientious objectors not because they suddenly decided to change the standard meaning of bear arms.    What he said is much, much worse for your argument. He said that in reference to the mililita, and to the purposes that it would be acceptable for individuals to have arms in their hands. Your incessant attempts to limit the use of arms only to militia purposes is completely undercut, as Adams is on record in a highly influential paper saying that private self defense is a legitamate use of arms. I suppose Adams is also a lone dissenter, eh? I think I've already seen that quote and yes he does support the use of arms for private self defense but he does not say that is what is meant by the term "bear arms."   In case you still don't get it, private self defense was used by a highly influential Founder and Framer in a highly influential treatise as a legitimate use of arms in a discussion of the proper role of the militia. Thus making it difficult for one to argue that the only uses of arms protected by the second amendment are those with a connection to the militia, and at the same time try to exclude private self defense. So show me a quote from this source where bear arms is used to mean private self defense.    It doesn't tell us anything because that quote you cite says so? Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, eh?  Seems Coxe is another lone dissenter. He uses "Bear...arms" in a non-military fashion. He is not using the phrase in the limited way of meaning "to render militiary service in person", rather he is using it the broader meaning of carrying arms. Furthermore he says "private arms" which means that in his view the right is private, belonging to the person -do you recall the Blackstone quote you cited a few posts ago? The Militia Act of 1792 required people to keep private weapons for military purposes. So I don't think the quote establishes that bearing arms has a nonmilitary meaning.     Except those "few quotes" aren't so few, and they relate very closely both in time and topic to the right to keep and bear arms. Also some of those usages were widely published at the time so would undoubtedly have informed a good portion of the public about the meaning of the second amendment.   What I am getting at is your claim that only those on active duty would have the right/duty to keep and bear arms. But that is not the case. Even those who were not on active duty had to keep a supply of arms. Where did I say you had to serve full time to qualify for Second Amendment protection? Part of the idea behind the militia was that it be composed mainly of part time citizen soldiers rather than full time professional soldiers. But the point is I never said you had to serve in the militia full time. In my view, it would be necessary to enroll in the militia and be periodically active in it (not necessarily full time).
Let me come back to the discussion if I can. Cornell is correct when he urges us to think outside the state's "right" v. individual right views. There is a third rail in the track of this debate which a hybrid "collective" individual right view. It holds that the right is collectively held amongst members of the state-sponsored militias to use their militia arms when called for service by the states. You can reach this argument if you construe "the people" to mean people only in a collective context.  There are a couple of problems with this view. Like the states "right" view, it suffers from the inability to explain why the right is included in several early state constitutions. You could make an argument for a state's or collective individual right in the U.S. Constitution because the amendment was intended to restrict the power of the federal government and thus could be intended to preserve either the power of the state to control the arming of its militia or the right of individuals to collectively carry state-sponsored weapons in service to the state. But if this was the goal, then there is no justification for the right being present in the state constitutions. It cannot be a state's "right," because the state did not need to have the right included in its own constitution to protect it from itself. Likewise, it cannot be a collective right because it would be meaningless-the state again controls the right. If it does not want you to exercise the right, then it merely has to ignore the militia, refuse to enroll anyone in it, and raise a standing army-which would have run counter to the stated fears our founders had of standing armies.  The second problem is this: How do we remain consistent with our interpretation of other rights in the Bill of Rights? Do we interpret the 2nd. Amendment in a vacuum? Do we use one standard for interpreting the other 9 amendments, but reserve an entirely different one for the RKBA? The phrase "the right of the people" is used in the 1st. Amendment. Is "the right of the people" to free speech individual or collective? Can I engage in it on my own like I am doing now, or must I only exercise it in some collective fashion like a mass protest for my speech to be protected? The same phrase "the right of the people" also begins the 4th. Amendment. Is the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure individual or collective? As an individual driving home from work, do I have a 4th. Amendment protected right not to have my car stopped and searched without probable cause, or is the right collective and therefore applying only to public mass transportation like a bus or the D.C. metro? Do I have an individual 4th. Amendment right to be free from having my home searched without probable cause and a warrant, or is the right collective and only protecting mass meeting houses like churches or sporting arenas?   The answer to all of these questions is the phrase "the right of the people" means an individual right every time it is used. We can't take the exact same phrase and say "people" means an individual person in the 1st. Amendment, then a collective mass of persons in the 2nd. Amendment, only to morph the word back to meaning an individual person in the 4th. Amendment. I'm not convinced all the other rights in the Bill of Rights are purely individual in nature. Akhil Reed Amar explains: "The amendment speaks of a right of 'the people' collectively rather than a right of 'persons' individually...... libertarians read 'the people' to mean atomized private persons, each hunting in his own private Idaho, rather than the citizenry acting collectively. But, when the Constitution speaks of 'the people' rather than 'persons,' the collective connotation is primary. 'We the People' in the preamble do ordain and establish the Constitution as public citizens meeting together in conventions and acting in concert, not as private individuals pursuing our respective hobbies........The rest of the Bill of Rights confirms this communitarian reading. The core of the First Amendment's assembly clause, which textually abuts the Second Amendment, is the right of 'the people'--in essence, voters--to 'assemble' in constitutional conventions and other political conclaves. So, too, the core rights retained and reserved to 'the people' in the Ninth and Tenth Amendments were rights of the people collectively to govern themselves democratically. The Fourth Amendment is trickier: 'The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated.' Here, the collective 'people' wording is paired with more individualistic language of 'persons.' http://www.constitution.org/2ll/2ndschol/103wha.htm  And aren't people committing what is known in logic as the fallacy of division when they claim that if the people have the right to bear arms then each person must have the right to bear arms? What is true of the whole is not necessarily true of each part.
Watch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-U4uOz1_Jo  It can pierce armor at more than a mile away. It can be used to shoot aircraft. Do you think these rifles should be legal? Could it be used to cause another 9/11?
Looks like Illinois is considering banning these rifles. A journalist in the Chicago Tribune recently called the .50 caliber rifle godzilla's gun and ridicules those who claim it can be used legitimately for hunting purposes.  "Coyote. Shooting coyote.  "That's what a gun lobbyist claimed during a recent state Senate committee hearing about a measure aimed at outlawing .50-caliber sniper rifles.  "Did he possibly mean . . . obliterating the state's entire coyote species with a single shot? Some sport......  "There may be a handful of 'sportsmen' who get their kicks by firing expensive, military-like weapons at small animals or targets. But to put their kicks before the public safety of millions makes no sense at all." http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-0703280792mar29,1,4013754.story?coll=chi-newsnationworld-hed&ctrack=1&cset=true  Would anyone claim that anthrax is a hunting weapons because it can be used to kill a lot of deer?
.50 caliber rifles have been legal for ownership since the revolutionary days. They even had .75 caliber rifles. So they had guns that could shoot down planes even before they had planes? Their primitive muskets were that powerful? I am not that easy to fool!
A moderator on another board who was ex-army said you could shoot down a plane easily with a 50 caliber.
No matter if they can hit airplanes or not they should not be legal under any circumstances. I'm in the Navy and my GQ station was gun mount 103 port bow on the USS Mesa Verde. Anyways, these guns are deadly just plain deadly. One round could tear an arm of a man even if the round was 3 feet away from him. It could put holes in destroyers hulls and shred people in a manner of seconds.
OH yes it does matter because the people trying to ban them are implying that they can bring down planes, pierce tankers, etc. Simply banning it because it can kill someone is ridiculous. If that is the case I'd suggest we start with alcohol, certain drugs, cars, and fast food since these have a larger effect on society. BTW, the rounds you use in the military are not the same as those available to civilians. Most likely you guys are using armor piercing rounds (with the black tips). There is no way in heck that a ball m2 50 bmg round can pierce a destroyer hull. No way.  What you dont realize is that a destroyer's hull is only roughly a half inch thick. We dont have armor piercing rounds their regular rounds. And I meant regardless of what people "think" they can hit it is still very very deadly.
In response to Brady's argument about an ex-military guy, well, here's something. Did you ever ask a soldier about their experiences in a war? Usually the most they'll say is "I was in the military". I talked to the mother of an Iraq veteran, and she said that the stories that vets have to tell are so emotional that it's too much emotional pressure for them to tell the tale. Usually if anyone brags about being a veteran, they are lying, or they didn't have one lick of combat experience nor did they lose any friends.  That brings John McStain's Presidential campaign to a crashing halt.  Gen. Clark was right after all.emoticon_angry
Who would Jesus shoot??
Why would Jesus need a gun? He's the son of God, He could easily rain down fire and brimstone on anyone like He did on Sodom and Gomorrah.  Listen emoticon_xclown, Sodom and Gomorrah were in the Old Testament.  Last time I checked, Jesus was in the New.  Are you really that ignorant?  Unlike stupidity, ignorance is a curable disease, curable by knowledge.  Ask your buddy Archie for the correct references.  Falsus in unam; falsus in omnibus!
Speak for yourself regarding biblical ignorance chester. Jesus is the word of God and therefore did call down the fire upon Sodom and Gomorra. Jesus Christ transcends Time and Space and is the God of the OT, just as He is the God of the NT.  Speaking of the need for education...  Why not read the song of Solomon and tell us that it was the divinely inspired word and work of Jesus.  Looks like he had his horny moments.
Shut up and get back on topic. This is discussion about the .50 caliber rifle and why it should be legal for civilian ownership, and why all those that fear it should go back to Britain where they belong.  How's this for getting back on the topic?  Sorry, Jack, I was "Born in the USA"; my parents were "Born in the USA", and I intend to stay here in my native country and work to take the guns from the hands of folks like you by working for a reasonable interpretation of 2A
The Supreme Court has already determined what qualifies as a "reasonable interpretation" of the Second Amendment, so you're stuck with it.   Just remember that at one time, the American people were "stuck" with Plessey and Gobitis as well.  Times change, don't they?  So do the members of the Supreme Court.
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.
who wants to bet that the firearm used in the tragedy was stolen?  who wants to bet that it was stolen from a incompetent gun owner who failed to properly secure his/her property?
Quesion: Does having that firearm in a locked house constitute improper security?  Depends on how well it's locked. Can someone get through a non secured window?   jim's trucking, true there will always be cases of legal weapons used in crimes. However, the vast majority of firearm crimes are with illegally obtained firearms. Going with the statistics, I'm willing to bet the weapon used was not legit.  I agree, it's not guns that are the problem, it's not even people for the most part, it's the supply and distribution chain
I am being sarcastic.  Only cowards have to have guns. I loathe the things.
Shadow, I hope that your person is safe.   Should I lobby to have my grandchildren go to university abroad?  Where the level of civilization is higher?
After the Port Arthur massacre where 75 people were shot death. Our government bought back the guns in private hands and practically banned gun ownership. Problem solved. I know I k now:  ย Guns don't kill, people do ย If every student had packed an assault rifle, a grenade launcher, several thousands rounds of ammunition etc this tragedy would not have happened ย We need guns to protect us from people with ย If the shooter had not had a gun he would have used a knife, and ax or a stone and killed maybe even more people  Feel free to add to this list on totally deranged justification for owning guns.  GUNS KILL THEIR ONLY PURPOSE IS TO KILL AND KILL THEY DO
were any dingos at the Virginia Tech ?
A gun is simply a tool. It is the person weilding it that makes it use good or bad. My 3 handguns have had probably 10's of thousands of rounds of ammo down the pipe, and I have yet to once kill ANYTHING with one of them.  the purpose of a 'tool' called gun is to kill. Killers use those 'tools'.  without 'tools' the 'tradesman' at Virginia Tech couldn't have done any 'work' today.  Yeah! I would feel real safe to know that every person I pass by on the street, or knock at my door is armed to the teeth. I would feel so safe you wouldn't believe it.  The rest of the world must be really stupid not have come with the same idea!  By the way do you think that children should pack guns at 5 years of age or maybe younger?emoticon_xdonno
I figured so - my arguments with Archangel have affected my sarcasm-detecting skills.    Thanks. I actually got hold of her about a half-hour ago - she was shaken up, but the shooter never came to where she was.Thank you very much, shadow. At least there is some good news from VT. I hope she's going to be OK.  The psychological cost to the people at VT... Impossible to determine.
Actually, they didn't. The whole tragedy was caused by gun control. If even one student was packing when that occured, 33 lives could have been saved. But no, more victims of botched laws and corrupt politicians.Shooter, so a cop is reporting to the scene and there you are packing a gun.  How is the cop to know you're not the shooter?
I guess the guys that fought and beat the mighty British Empire and that founded the country that you live in were cowards.  It's truly amazing to see that someone who loathes Bush can't see the connection between the 2nd amendment and protection against dictatorship.I was not speaking for the militia nor was I speaking for those who defend nations.   Careful reading of the Second Amendment clearly indicates that the principle of gun ownership is based upon the first phrase of the Amendment:  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State
I'll be a monkey's uncle. The gun was legal.
ATLANTA -- The United States has by far the highest rate of gun deaths -- murders, suicides and accidents -- among the world's 36 richest nations, a government study found.  The U.S. rate for gun deaths in 1994 was 14.24 per 100,000 people. Japan had the lowest rate, at .05 per 100,000.  The study, done by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is the first comprehensive international look at gun-related deaths. It was published Thursday in the International Journal of Epidemiology.  The CDC would not speculate why the death rates varied, but other researchers said easy access to guns and society's acceptance of violence are part of the problem in the United States.  ``If you have a country saturated with guns -- available to people when they are intoxicated, angry or depressed -- it's not unusual guns will be used more often,'' said Rebecca Peters, a Johns Hopkins University fellow specializing in gun violence. ``This has to be treated as a public health emergency.''
That was published in 1998.
so any gun crazy is part of a militia?
I don't have any answers as to what protects a society from someone that decides they need to take someone else's life with a gun. It seems to me that there are obvious problems in thinking that would-be armed assailants can somehow be controlled by allowing the entire population to arm themselves with equal deadly force.   I have no doubt that many gun owners derive some confidence from possessing a weapon. It's possible that a gun owner could be better armed, faster, or more skilled at handling their weapon than a would-be assailant. But do we really want to find this out, and do we want to force a deranged individual to take their threat to the next level, or perhaps even worse, pick an easier target? I agree that it's terrible that no one was able to stop the individual in this case, but I'm not sure that extreme answers that could cause other problems are necessarily good solutions to isolated mass shooting incidents. It's a sad event that doesn't need a knee jerk response.  If we promote arming the population, where does it stop? If we truly believe in the right to carry arms, then perhaps we are saying that every country in the world should also be entitled to pack the biggest guns, a nuclear arsenal, in the name of "safety". Strangely enough, each "gun owner" believes they are the most responsible and will guard against the other most responsible gun owners by wielding their deadly force. It's an interesting concept.
no guns, no shootings!!  Does it get any simpler?  emoticon_xkill
well, it seems that even the simplest of messages failed to penetrate some thick (sick) skulls: without guns you can not shoot and kill anybody.  Civilized remove all guns from circulation and do their utmost to also make gus unavailable to criminals and it works.  only insecure, paranoid people with and inferiority complex need guns as a security blanket. Grow up!
He was not on a student visa. He had a green card so he was a permanent resident of the US. He had been living here since 1992. He had a history of mental illness. He had been on antidepressants and had gotten in trouble for stalking a few women. Despite this, he passed the background check when he purchased his guns. Now if Virginia had required a more thorough background check could this have been prevented? The Brady Campaign has always advocated a 5 day waiting period so that a more thorough background check can be done. You can see Paul Helmke (president of the Brady Campaign) debating about the VT shootings with a gun advocate in this clip- http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?id=2693358n  I think Helmke's point is that prevention is preferable to cure. It is better to prevent people like this from obtaining guns in the first place than to hope that some CCW carrier will stop them after they have already started shooting people. Australia, for example, hasn't had one single mass shooting since it passed stricter gun laws over ten years ago. But in the US it seems like you keep hearing about such incidents every few months.
ATLANTA -- The United States has by far the highest rate of gun deaths -- murders, suicides and accidents -- among the world's 36 richest nations, a government study found.  The U.S. rate for gun deaths in 1994 was 14.24 per 100,000 people. Japan had the lowest rate, at .05 per 100,000.  The study, done by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is the first comprehensive international look at gun-related deaths. It was published Thursday in the International Journal of Epidemiology.  The CDC would not speculate why the death rates varied, but other researchers said easy access to guns and society's acceptance of violence are part of the problem in the United States.  ``If you have a country saturated with guns -- available to people when they are intoxicated, angry or depressed -- it's not unusual guns will be used more often,'' said Rebecca Peters, a Johns Hopkins University fellow specializing in gun violence. ``This has to be treated as a public health emergency.'' Very interesting. I wonder how the people who claim that gun laws have no effect on criminal behaviour explain the much lower rates of criminal gun use in other nations. It seems that pro-gun theory would predict that this would not be so since gun advocates claim that guns laws will never affect criminal behaviour.
If gun laws actually affect criminal behaviour then there should be a statistical correlation between legal gun ownership and increase in gun crimes. And to put it bluntly, there isn't. How else do you explain the fact that many countries where guns are illegal rank higher on the gun death list than countries where guns are legal? Canada, Switzerland, Finland and scores of other countries allow for legal gun ownership but don't have a higher number of gun deaths than countries where guns are illegal. Well most nations allow gun ownership to some degree. Even England and Australia still allow certain types of firearms. And which nations rank higher on the gun death list that nations such as Canada, Switzerland, and Finland? Are these third world nations? And I am aware of one study that did find a statistical correlation- "The present study, based on a sample of eighteen countries, confirms the result of previous work based on the 14 countries surveyed during the first International Crime Survey. Substantial correlations were found between gun ownership and gun-related as well as total homicide and suicide rates." http://www.unicri.it/wwd/analysis/icvs/pdf_files/understanding_files/19_GUN%20OWNERSHIP.pdf
OMFG!!!  The graphs in that article actually back up the pro-gun standpoint.    Like a typical blind sheep you only see what you want to see in that article I think.   Look at it more closely, Note that the graphs that show reduction in Homicide and Suicide are noted as acts commited WITH GUNS!!!   And that other graphs in the document show an increce in the Homicide and Suicide overall WITHOUT GUNS.   From what I can tell the overall Suicide and Homicide rate has increced despite the decline in gun ownership by law abiding households.   Galileo, STOP BREATHING MY AIR!!! I don't know how natural selection missed you. Go back to High School and learn how to read statistics. How can a reduction in homicide and suicide be an act committed with a gun? None of the four graphs display either the overall homicide or suicide rate as you claim. They display the gun or non-gun homicide and suicide rates separately. And how exactly do your claims about the graphs explain this paragraph in the conclusion? "The present study, based on a sample of eighteen countries, confirms the results of previous work based on the 14 countries surveyed during the first International Crime Survey.31 Substantial correlations were found between gun ownership and gun-related as well as total suicide and homicide rates. Widespread gun ownership has not been found to reduce the likelihood of fatal events committed with other means. Thus, people do not turn to knives and other potentially lethal instruments less often when more guns are available, but more guns usually means more victims of suicide and homicide."
Like I said... go back to school and learn how to read statistics.   Since you seem to lack the ability to add and see the final numbers...   The report you posted has also been reference as being bias and bogus in it's conclusions.   let quote annother writeup here that references that report.     Reference = gunsandcrime.org It's you that needs to learn how to read statistics if you can't see that none of the graphs displays the overall suicide and homicide rates. You are both unable to answer my questions and are unable to be consistent in your own logic. First you say that it backs up the pro-gun standpoint and then you claim it is biased and bogus.
1 + 1 = 2 thats how you get the overall statistic. Go back to gradeschool even.   The statistical data backs up the pro-gun argument while the interpritation offered by the writer is bias and bogus. So how does your incorrect explanation of the graphs in the report back up the pro-gun argument?
 let quote annother writeup here that references that report.   "SUMMARY: The international comparisons are completely bogus because they selectively address only a few countries, because they ignore the many significant differences between the countries, and because they ignore the fact that some of the countries had still lower death rates in the past when they had more firearms. Firearm injury death rates in the different states, and percentages of deaths that involve firearms, are irrelevant because there is no reason to think that death rates (overall) go down just because firearm death rates go down. It is entirely possible that anything that causes firearm death rates to drop might also cause overall death rates to rise. Focusing on firearm deaths is just a gun controller way to sway the uninformed by impressing them with numbers and taking advantage of their inability to understand statistical information."    Reference = gunsandcrime.org No it doesn't reference the report that I quoted from. It's actually talking about another report- http://www.gunsandcrime.org/aussiegc.html
Maybe we should forget legality of guns and think more about gun "control". Whether you buy a gun legally or illegally, it seems everyone here agrees the process is too easy. Maybe we could do better if we asked what we can do to take guns out of the hands of psychopaths and criminals, than why the entire population should be armed and be given the option of playing executioner.  I live in Australia, and the government made a "fair" (some might say "token") effort to remove as many automatic and semi automatic weapons from the general public as possible. It's still fairly easy to legally obtain a non automatic weapon, but you do have to jump through a series of hoops that makes a moderate attempt to screen individuals. I believe the idea was this, and be ready for it, because this might be controversial..... that security should be provided by trained "law enforcement" bodies, not Mr. and Mrs. Citizen who know a bad guy when they see one.   Has it worked? Probably not. People who are up to no good, will always manage to get their hands on weapons. Do I feel safer? Absolutely, but maybe it's a false sense of security. To me it's a simple case that even if you are a criminal, guns are harder to get (because not every man and his dog has a range of semi automatic guns at home), and if you do have one, you will be targeted by police if they see it, because these weapons are not permitted in public. I personally believe that gives our police force an advantage that the many law enforcement bodies in the U.S. don't have. It will never be enough, but at this stage, I think it's the best I can hope for.
Maybe we should forget legality of guns and think more about gun "control". Whether you buy a gun legally or illegally, it seems everyone here agrees the process is too easy. Maybe we could do better if we asked what we can do to take guns out of the hands of psychopaths and criminals, than why the entire population should be armed and be given the option of playing executioner.  I live in Australia, and the government made a "fair" (some might say "token") effort to remove as many automatic and semi automatic weapons from the general public as possible. It's still fairly easy to legally obtain a non automatic weapon, but you do have to jump through a series of hoops that makes a moderate attempt to screen individuals. I believe the idea was this, and be ready for it, because this might be controversial..... that security should be provided by trained "law enforcement" bodies, not Mr. and Mrs. Citizen who know a bad guy when they see one.   Has it worked? Probably not. People who are up to no good, will always manage to get their hands on weapons. Do I feel safer? Absolutely, but maybe it's a false sense of security. To me it's a simple case that even if you are a criminal, guns are harder to get (because not every man and his dog has a range of semi automatic guns at home), and if you do have one, you will be targeted by police if they see it, because these weapons are not permitted in public. I personally believe that gives our police force an advantage that the many law enforcement bodies in the U.S. don't have. It will never be enough, but at this stage, I think it's the best I can hope for.  In mid-December we were supplied with a summary of a report on the same subject - the effectiveness of post-Port Arthur gun laws, authored by well qualified academic researchers from the University of Sydney's School of Public Health. The report appeared in the respected journal 'Injury Prevention' which is published by British Medical Journal Publishing Group.   http://www.guncontrol.org.au/index.php?article=85  " This second report on our gun laws came to quite different conclusions to the first report. Its authors are led by professor Simon Chapman and adjunct associate professor Philip Alpers. They argue that the risk of dying by gunshot has halved since Australia destroyed 700,000 privately owned firearms. They say, " Not only were Australia's post-Port Arthur gun laws followed by a decade in which the crime they were designed to reduce hasn't happened again, but we also saw a life-saving bonus: the decline in overall gun deaths accelerated to twice the rate seen before the new gun laws." The authors remind us that the main aim of the National Agreement on Gun Laws was to reduce the risk of gun massacres continuing as they had in the decade before the Agreement; hence they are able to claim that this aim has been achieved, and they state, "The Australian example provides evidence that removing large numbers of firearms from a community can be associated with a sudden and on-going decline in mass shootings, and accelerated declines in total firearm-related deaths, firearm homicides and firearm suicides." Prime Minister John Howard has favourably commented on this report.
February, 2000  Sharp Drop in Gun Crime Follows Tough Australian Firearm Laws   Latest official data from Australia shows a marked reduction in gun-related crime and injury following recent restrictions on the private ownership of firearms.   Twelve days after 35 people were shot dead by a single gunman in Tasmania, Australia's state and federal governments agreed to enact wide-ranging new gun control laws to curb firearm-related death and injury. Between July 1996 and August 1998, the new restrictions were brought into force. Since that time, key indicators for gun-related death and crime have shown encouraging results.   Firearm-Related Homicide   "There was a decrease of almost 30% in the number of homicides by firearms from 1997 to 1998."   -- Australian Crime - Facts and Figures 1999. Australian Institute of Criminology. Canberra, Oct 1999   This report shows that as gun ownership has been progressively restricted since 1915, Australia's firearm homicide rate per 100,000 population has declined to almost half its 85-year average.   Homicide by Any Method   The overall rate of homicide in Australia has also dropped to its lowest point since 1989 (National Homicide Monitoring Program, 1997-98 data). It remains one-fourth the homicide rate in the USA.   The Institute of Criminology report Australian Crime - Facts and Figures 1999 includes 1998 homicide data showing "a 9% decrease from the rate in 1997." This is the period in which most of the country's new gun laws came into force.   Gun-Related Death by Any Cause   The Australian Bureau of Statistics counts all injury deaths, whether or not they are crime-related. The most recently available ABS figures show a total of 437 firearm-related deaths (homicide, suicide and unintentional) for 1997. This is the lowest number for 18 years.   The Australian rate of gun death per 100,000 population remains one-fifth that of the United States.   "We have observed a decline in firearm-related death rates (essentially in firearm-related suicides) in most jurisdictions in Australia. We have also seen a declining trend in the percentage of robberies involving the use of firearms in Australia."   -- Mouzos, J. Firearm-related Violence: The Impact of the Nationwide Agreement on Firearms. Trends & Issues in Crime & Criminal Justice No. 116. Australian Institute of Criminology. Canberra, May 1999; 6   Assault and Robbery   Those who claim that Australia suffered a "crime wave" as a result of new gun laws often cite as evidence unrelated figures for common assault or sexual assault (no weapon) and armed robbery (any weapon). In fact less than one in five Australian armed robberies involve a firearm.   "Although armed robberies increased by nearly 20%, the number of armed robberies involving a firearm decreased to a six-year low."   -- Recorded Crime, Australia, 1998. Australian Bureau of Statistics, Jun 1999   Firearm-Related Crime in Tasmania   "A declining firearm suicide rate, a declining firearm assault rate, a stable firearm robbery rate with a declining proportion of robberies committed with a firearm and a declining proportion of damage to property offences committed with a firearm suggest that firearm regulation has been successful in Tasmania."   -- Warner, Prof K. Firearm Deaths and Firearm Crime After Gun Licensing in Tasmania. Australian Institute of Criminology, 3rd National Outlook Symposium on Crime in Australia. Canberra, 22-23 Mar 1999.   Curbing Gun Proliferation in Australia   In the 1996-97 Australian gun buy-back, two-thirds of a million semi-automatic and pump-action rifles and shotguns were sold to the government at market value. Thousands more gun owners volunteered their firearms for free, and nearly 700,000 guns were destroyed.   By destroying one-seventh of its estimated stock of firearms (the equivalent figure in the USA would be 30 million), Australia has significantly altered the composition of its civilian arsenal.   In addition, all remaining guns must be individually registered to their licensed owners, private firearm sales are no longer permitted and each gun purchase through a licensed arms dealer is scrutinised by police to establish a "genuine reason" for ownership. Possession of guns for self-defence is specifically prohibited, and very few civilians are permitted to own a handgun. All the nation's governments, police forces and police unions support the current gun laws.   Other Countries   Similar reductions in gun death and injury have been noted in several countries whose gun controls have been recently tightened.   In Canada, where new gun laws were introduced in 1991 and 1995, the number of gun deaths has reached a 30-year low.   Two years ago in the United Kingdom, civilian handguns were banned, bought back from their owners and destroyed. In the year following the law change, Scotland recorded a 17% drop in all firearm-related offences. The British Home Office reports that in the nine months following the handgun ban, firearm-related offences in England and Wales dropped by 13%.   A British citizen is still 50 times less likely to be a victim of gun homicide than an American.     --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Sources: http://www.aic.gov.au/stats/facts99/   http://www.statistics.gov.au/ (see media release 68/99, 16 Jun 1999)   http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/tandi/tandi116.html   http://www.aic.gov.au/conferences/outlook99/warner.pdf   Philip Alpers, gun policy researcher   Auckland & San Francisco
The politics of guns Print Normal font Large font When 35 people were slaughtered in an insane rampage at Port Arthur in 1996, Australian Prime Minister did two things that no American leader would ever contemplate. He banned a wide range of firearms and imposed a universal tax (by raising the Medicare levy) to buy them off shooters.  In the wake of the mass murder at Viriginia Tech, America's political elite from President George W Bush down, voiced shock and sadness.   But there was no tilt at the 2nd amendment to its constitution which reads: "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed".  Those 27 words - written two centuries ago after the War of Independence - have made gun control is one of the most sensitive issues in American political life. Groups, like the National Rifle Association, have become powerful lobby machines defending this constitutional right.  Republican 2008 presidential hopeful Senator John McCain is standing by his view that the Constitution guarantees everyone the right to carry a weapon although "obviously we have to keep guns in the hands of law-abiding citizens".   Other candidates from the White like Hillary Clinton and Barrack Obama expressed grief about the terrible loss at Blacksburg, but did not state how such tragedies might be prevented.  When Mr Howard took his act against guns he did so in step with public opinion that was overwhelmingly in favour of getting rid of most weapons.  Today, the Prime Minister said: "You can never guarantee these things won't happen again in our country. We had a terrible incident at Port Arthur. But it is the case that 11 years ago we took action to limit the availability of guns and we showed a national resolve that the gun culture, that is such a negative in the United States, would never become a negative in our country."  There are many individuals the United States who feel the same way.   Yet it still remains relatively easy to buy and keep guns in many parts of the country. And, despite massacres like Virigina Tech and Columbine, the political will to change that seems almost nonexistent.  We think alike in many ways, so why are Australians and Americans so at odds on this issue?  UPDATE: The assailant may have bought the two weapons legally. Cho Seung-Hui paid $571 for a 9 mm Glock 19 pistol just over a month ago, the owner of Roanoke Firearms told CNN. He also used a .22-calibre Walther pistol in the attack, police said.   This forum is now closed. Thanks for contributing.  Posted by SMH Online  April 18, 2007 12:00 AM
It was sarcasm, for sure...based on the false assumption that the gun(s) acted on their own.  I hope you find your friend well.    There's no telling where the gun came from. Albuquerque just recently went through a killing spree executed by a man who's had no history of violence..he used a gun he legally acquired years ago.  Guns are not the problem.  We agree that there certainly is a problem, correct? Could it be video games, movies, or developmental issues, or??  Before we debate thoes topics, lets examine the same issue in the U.K. Are video games in the UK? Yes. Are violent movies in the UK? Yes. Are there bad bad parents / psychopaths / nuts in the UK? Yes. Are handguns legal in the UK? NO Does the UK have shooting rampages as often as the USA? NO  Are video games in the USA? Yes. Are violent movies in the USA? Yes. Are there bad parents / psychopaths / nuts in the USA? Yes. Are hanguns legal in the USA? YES Does the USA have shooting rampages more often then the UK? YES  It dosn't take a genius to find a correlation between handguns being legal and shooting rampages. I agree that guns are not the problem in and of themselves, but humans are the problem; and humans wield guns.  Clearly, handguns should be illegal.
It dosn't take a genius to find a correlation between handguns being legal and shooting rampages. I agree that guns are not the problem in and of themselves, but humans are the problem; and humans wield guns.  Clearly, handguns should be illegal.  It doesn't take a genius to find a correlation between freedom of speech and racist, bigoted and (in this case) illogical remarks.   I agree that words are not the problem in and of themselves, but humans are the problem and humans wield words.  Clearly, freedom of speech should be illegal.  Handguns are made with the intent to kill. Words are made with the intent to communicate. Quick to insult, slow to think?    Point is... you can't compare incidents without calculating probability. I did take that into consideration, at least my professor did in which he calculuated the ratios.
The availability of weapons is NOT the problem. Please enlighten us with the problem then?  The uk and usa are similar in most aspects aside from gun control.
Ok, that's his opinion based on his research and likly his politics. Try thinking for yourself instead of letting people tell you what to think.   You can't believe everything they teach you in school. Especially in Higher Education. Mostly comes from politically charged pompus assheads with agendas. Oh! I see.  Math is perspective!
So what are the results of this calculation and what was the source for the numbers?  Numbers don't lie but the sources of those numbers can. Or atleast be mis-interpereted.   That's where perspective come in. I understand what you ment, I have emailed the professior asking for the sources along with the calculations. emoticon_xdonno   If not, I will do it myself.
Baltimore. Poverty. Where there is poverty there is violence.  Virginia Tech, however, was a singular case of mental illness. That guy should never have gotten his hands on a gun. But, in gun-loving America, it was amazingly easy for him to arm himself.  Guns are more important to a lot of people than saving the lives of those who died at Virginia Tech. So give your gun a big fat kiss tonight, because it's more important to you than life itself.
I also suppose that TVs are used to make money, rather then be watched. Kinda like stocks? To be sold and traded?       Debates such as these are from one's own benefit rather then perspective. Much like taxes, "What political party's tax plan benefits me the most?" Most people that do not want gun control own a gun and enjoy owning it, rather then thinking about what benefits gun control has.   Statistics do show that per capita the UK has less murder issues overall then the US does. However those overall numbers in the UK are a constant and have not been affected by the UK ban on handguns. I saw an article recently that said there was a proposed ban on Samurai Swords in the UK (or was it Scotland spacifcally) because of their frequent use as a gun alternate. I can see it now... MASS MASSICURE BY SAMURAI SWORD.
If this argument were true, there would presumably be no pro-choice men.  Debates such as these are from one's own benefit rather then perspective. Application to a completely different scenario(*SUCH AS THESE*) along with misinterpreting what I said.  "Most people who want gun control do not own a gun and fear owning one rather than thinking about the benefits of legal gun ownership." Agreed. (Minus the personality characteristic in which never was applied to the original statement)  It wasn't an argument, it was a statement. "People who own guns are typically for non gun control".    I would like to hear other solutions to the problem in which we agreed was a problem, rather then condemning the only current viable solution.     ....
Bit of group masturbation here amongst the gun love folk?
Ignore the above post, it was pasted wrong...here is what is was intended to be:    I have since reconsidered my original argument. (Banning of handguns) My original argument could be applied to situations such as video game "control" or censorship.  Only a very small percentage of video gamers go "crazy" as an influence of games. Only a very small percentage of gun owners go "crazy" and use the guns to carryout their "crazyness"  Although I still think that certain regulations need to be set in place in order to control the distribution of guns, complete gun control is not the answer; however, something still needs to be done. Major laws should not be made in advent of isolated incidents, especially ones that encroaches on the freedom and protection of others.  "Gun control regulation solutions" -Personality test - Justifying ownership of a gun and it being registered on a national gun ownership database. -Based on the justification, according ammo supplies would be sold...eg the justification being self defense: the owner would not need a few hundred rounds.(The national gun database would also include ammo sales)  This would prevent someone such as the VT killer, or at least deteriorate the motives. (He would not have been sold so many rounds)  Of course the above solutions have obvious flaws(I will add more later, but I am pressed for time currently and need to think more about the matter), but it would not encroach upon the freedom of citizens (a gun database already exists) and it would add another layer of "security" to bypass, thus decreasing the probability of them happening.
ahh.. the good old USA..  i lost any sympathy for anything that goes on in your country many many years ago... u have the biggest crooks running your country- history has shown that time and again.. every american predisent has the need to get in a war or start one purely as a muscle flexing exercise.. not to mention any financial benifits.. as far as you pathetic gun laws go well they speak for themselves.. so many mass shootings- what do you expect... i shoot here in australia but our gun laws dont give you a birthright to carry weapons like you americans do.. yeah i could stab 10 people in close quarters at a crowded niteclub before i got restrained but hey-- with a 9mm glock i could do more than 10..  wake up to yourself... we here about your mass shootings over here and its like " oh well" " another shooting rampage in the states".  yeah we had one in tasmania 10 years ago but how many have you had in the last 10 years? and yeah i know the populations are way different but if you had the laws we had then id say things would be way different...   ok... im off bunny shooting nowemoticon_xangel
Excuse me?? I hope your exaggerating this... the greatest president we have had here, RR, didn't "get in a war or start one." Also, at the times when we do enter conflicts, it is the best forseeable action [I]at the time[I]. We all know that hindsight is 20/20 but i'd like to see you try to run a country without making a few screwups.    But youre forgetting the beauty of the American system. Why would you go in that club with the intention to kill people when there is a good chance one of those people are armed themselves? It's proven that most of these "mass shootings" occur in "gun-free" zones, which shows that not only are gun control measures ineffective, but also bolden criminals, as they know that law abiding citizens like you or me are unarmed and unable to defend ourselves against a weapon.Grenada. I've never understood why RR felt it necessary to invade Grenada.  Or, what about the marines in Beirut?  Don't ever forget this story:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1983_Beirut_barracks_bombing  On October 23 1983, around 6:20 am, a yellow Mercedes-Benz truck drove to Beirut International Airport, where the 1st Battalion 8th Marines, under the U.S. 2nd Marine Division of the United States Marine Corps, had set up its local headquarters. The truck had been substituted for a hijacked water delivery truck. The truck turned onto an access road leading to the Marines' compound and circled a parking lot. . . . The suicide bomber detonated his explosives, which were equivalent to 12,000 pounds (about 5,400kg) of TNT. The force of the explosion collapsed the four-story cinder-block building into rubble, crushing many inside. It is said to have been the largest non-nuclear blast ever (deliberately) detonated on the face of the earth. "The force of the explosion," continues Eric Hammel in his history of the Marine landing force, "initially lifted the entire four-story structure, shearing the bases of the concrete support columns, each measuring fifteen feet in circumference and reinforced by numerous one and three quarter inch steel rods. The airborne building then fell in upon itself. A massive shock wave and ball of flaming gas was hurled in all directions."  About 20 seconds later, an identical attack occurred against the barracks of the French 3rd Company of the 6th French Parachute Infantry Regiment. Another suicide bomber drove his truck down a ramp into the building's underground parking garage and detonated his bomb, leveling the headquarters. . . . In the attack on the American barracks, the death toll was 241 American servicemen: 220 Marines, 18 Navy personnel and 3 Army soldiers. Sixty Americans were injured. In the attack on the French barracks, 58 paratroopers were killed and 15 injured. In addition, the elderly Lebanese custodian of the Marines' building was killed in the first blast.[1] The wife and four children of a Lebanese janitor at the French building also were killed.[2]  This was the deadliest single-day death toll for the United States Marine Corps since the Battle of Iwo Jima (2,500 in one day) of World War II and the deadliest single-day death toll for the United States military since the 243 killed on 31st January 1968 - the first day of the Tet offensive in the Vietnam war. The attack remains the deadliest post-World War II attack on Americans overseas. . . . President Ronald Reagan called the attack a "despicable act" and pledged to keep a military force in Lebanon. Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger said there would be no change in the U.S.'s Lebanon policy. . . .The Marines were moved offshore where they could not be targeted. On February 7, 1984, President Reagan ordered the Marines to begin withdrawal from Lebanon. This was completed on February 26; the rest of the MNF was withdrawn by April. . . .
Why is it that a fair amount of anti-gun posters are from Australia. Anyone else notice that?   I'm all for Gun banning in Australia. Here in the States we do not allow convicted felons to own or carry weapons. And since Australia was founded entirely by criminals...   I've had friends in the Army and Marines who have been through Australia. They always say that Australian women are crazy for American men. Something about a massive female to male imbalance over there. Also there is a steriotype about the men in Australia being abusive in general to the Women.   Must be those Convict genes.    ohh... the convict genes remark.... damn!! how cutting that was... im now so emotionally scarred i doubt if i can vistit this site again.. post traumatic stress for me....  as for the brain dead comment of the army and marines and our women being crazy for them well all i can say to that is regardless of nationality there are plenty of SLUTS around the world just waiting for a sailor/or defence person to screw as soon as they come into port.... thats the world over... as for being abusive in general.. i dont think the USA'S domestic violence figures are anything to ignore...   finally-- im not anti gun... as i stated I GO SHOOTING .. i enjoy pumping feral animals with lead..the farms i do it at the owners are gratefull for keeping the vermon rate down so their livestock can eat/ get fat and go off to slaughter or get sold or whatever....    i originally responded to this thread because im sick of the USA having a big cry everytime you have one of your mass shootings...live with guns the way you do and as many as you have there and suffer the consequences....  the USA IS A GUN CULTURE!!!! simple as that...  those who live by the gun-- WILL DIE BY THE GUN..  well i gotta go  im off to clean the #### outta my gun barrels...    signed THE CONVICT
E Mutz, alas, no. Indeed, what happened in the United States is that religious nuts went to the north of colonial America, those with criminal tendencies entered a life of temporary servitude in the south.  Which quite accounts for the starchiness of those from the state of Massachussetts.
The Southern Baptists are a "Johnny-come-lately" kind of religion. Those who were in the South became Baptists, they didn't come into the States as Baptists.
There are Baptists. Then, there are "Southern" Baptists.
 It's just like the supposed "War on Drugs". The Government has spent Billions on stomping out drugs of all kinds and in the end all we have is more chaos. We have jails full of drug offenders and streets full of drugs and a quirk that was once a somewhat harmless vice of society has become a full-blown epidemic. People failed to address the real issues and focused on an object.   While certainly the reasons people use drugs should and must be addressed, I think it disingenuous to suggest that easy access to drugs is not part of the problem. Cutting off the supply is a justifiable goal.
It would be if it were possible.  Very true. Perhaps I should have said "Restricting supply" or "Policing supply".   The reason you would have to do these things is because it has been proven time and again that whenever there is a demand for something in society there will always be someone supplying or attempting to supply said demand.  Absolutely. You stop demand, you stop supply. You stop supply, you get illegal supply.  This is not to say, however, that drugs are not more than a "minor vice" to specific areas or that controlling supply is not possible with limited success. Also, again, it is disingenuous to suggest that easy access to drugs is not part of the problem, however minor the problem you believe it to be.
 Drugs are not as easy to come by as one might think. There is allot of risk invloved.  Increasing the risk of buying and selling drugs is exactly the intended effect of the "War on Drugs" you lament.  If drugs were more accessable we would likly have far less crime and far more drug adicts.  I think you might want to check your logic here... As far as I am aware, drug addicts cause a great deal of crime to support their habit. As you are, I am not terribly fond of policing someone's personal habits, but when drugs are the motivating force behind burglaries, assaults and muggings and addicts carry diseases such AIDS and tuberculosis then means of curtailing this should be explored. This may include policing or controlling the supply of drugs to an area to cut down and the amount of drugs sold, and thus less crime to support fewer habits.  Easy access to drugs is, logically, part of the problem.  They will destroy their own lives and leave others unharmed (for the most part) by their actions. Eventually that element would diminish as the hardcore adicts OD and die off.  Again, check your logic. They destroy their own lives, and they destroy other's lives by the crime they perpetrate. As "harcore addicts OD and die off" new ones take their place without restricted supply to those drugs. Other avenues, of course, should be persued (but mostly are not) concurrently, but that does not diminish that restricting or policing the supply of drugs with at least limited success is both defensible and logically sound.
You don't just snort some coke and automatically decide to rob someone.  With such a high correlation, however, I would not rule out causation. This is like saying you don't drink and automatically decide to drive. This is true, but drinking makes it more difficult to make a good judgement call on that score, so what you stated here is disingenuous.  Now if Cigaretes are so hard and terrible. Why is it that we never hear of "Cigarete related Crime"? How come noone kills anyone else over this adiction? How come you never hear of someone robbing a store for cigarete money?  Your characterization is skewed, and your solution shortsighted. The effects of nicotine, both positive and negative, are mild in comparison to heroin and the self-administering of powerful opiates is idiotic to say the least.   The effect of widely available, currently illegal drugs such as cocaine and heroin would lead to more deaths due to interaction and overdose (which you do not usually get with alcohol and cigarettes) and would not logically reduce crime since violent offenders are often under the influence of illegal drugs when they commit their offenses, leading one to believe that such powerful drugs are an influence on undesirable behavior.  Getting High is done for it's own sake. If you want to eliminate the Gun crime that permiates from drug related issues (which is substantial in the USA) you must target the desperation that causes the crime. [snip] The end result that people abhore is the pain and loss that comes from the crime. People look to place blame for their loss. They place the blame on Drugs and Guns. But those are just objects. The objects did not commit or cause the crime. It takes a person to cause a crime. They commited the crime for a reason. Most times the reason is desperation.    While this is absolutely something that should be done, the ready supply of means is detrimental towards the goal and should be curtailed. I read something that struck me about this... I'm trying to remember. It went something like: "Without their armies and machines they were not monsters but only little boys...". Certainly removing the means does not solve the problem by itself but it is a justifiable goal just the same.  Yes, drugs and guns, by themselves, are not to blame. It is desires of the people who use these objects that are to blame. However, the nature of our laws is not to change people, it is to change behavior.   And this whole thing is all because our leaders decided to treat the object and not the root causes. Because objects are easier to put in a campaign slogan and more tanjable for stiring up the masses.  Which is why gun control and drug laws are not as effective as they possibly could be. You are right that the desires must be addressed, but then you ignore that easy access to guns and drugs may be a contributing factor, which I think is quite shortsighted and skewed.
 Most of your line of sugestion pertaining to the control of the supply of guns and drugs looks to be the kind of thinking that is allready in use by the current policy. We know from the last 30 years in this country that these ideas are badly flawed and do not work. It's nothing but "feel good" ploitics.  Because it is not implemented as the line of thinking would lead. The implementation is aimed at the "feel good" politics, not at actually working. Therein lies the difference. The logic is sound, the implementation has not been.   As far as criminals getting guns. It's gonna happen one way or the other. I'd rather have a fighting chance personally.  I don't think we're at the point we need to abandon all efforts and batten down the hatches.  Spoken like someone who has never touched an illegal drug in their life.  Oh, wow, quite a deduction. Since I don't classify myself as an idiot and characterized those who self-administer powerful opiates (such as heroin) as XXXXXX, that is quite a safe assumptions. However, it is an unwarranted assumption for less powerful drugs, illegal or not.  They can never be effective for one simple reason. Only law abiding people obey the law. Criminals do not  Law abiding people don't kill people because it is against the law. Were that law not in place more people would kill others. Would that not be true of drugs and guns?  Certainly I am not suggesting that laws prohibiting things such as guns and drugs will solve the problems all by themselves. I do not think, however, that making no effort at controlling the distribution is the correct course of action.   While out of desperation, greed and hatred the criminal element will take advantage of the laws by being willing to thwart them for personal gain where honest people will not.  There are criminals who don't obey laws no matter what law you try to quote, and those criminals may harm law abiding people. That by itself is not a reason to remove those laws.   There are no easy answers to these issues. They have been with us for thousands of years. We do know however that what our country is doing is not working and we also know that as laws get tougher the crime gets worse. Laws are not the answer.  I don't believe removing these laws is the answer either. A different approach is required if current efforts are not accomplishing the goal.  Focus on the Social problems that get people into doing heroin and work with that. It's not 100% effective but it's all you can do without causing nasty side effects.  Or do both.   As far as lighter drugs... LSD, POT, X, Magic Mushrooms, and a few other relativly harmless drugs that are made out to be killers. These should be Legal, Sold and taxed.  Or, same as above, work on social problems that get people into doing these drugs.
 If you had a problem at work with a co-worker (a peer, not above or below you in rank). The guy makes fun of you, plays pranks, generaly is causing your work life to be miserable. As far as you know your respective boss is not aware of this behavior as of yet but you know He has a low tolorence for this kind of thing.   How do you handle the situation with the co-worker?  It depends. Is the co-worker aware that his behavior is bothering me?
I just felt like pointing out that its interesting how the current argument supports the point of the original post. By arguing how drugs cause crime, it shows that the real problems are the causes, not guns; just like the first post says...  I have not argued that guns cause crime.
Maybe... maybe not. You have to look at this from your own perspective. Not from the outside looking in.  I would make sure he knows that his behavior is bothering me and follow up by reporting that behavior to the manager if it doesn't stop.
You're acting like everyone who doesn't agree with you thinks that guns walk around and kill people by themselves. No one in their right minds thinks that. Yeah, a lot of people have tough lives, but, just as you say violence will always be around, poverty will also always be around. We, as a country, do things to try and limit poverty, but there is no way to stop it entirely. That is an unrealistic goal. The same holds true for gun control. There is no way to entirely stop violence or murder, but we place laws to try to limit it. That is the point of gun control. Now, I'm not saying that we should entirely ban guns, but we should do more to control them. The fact that gun control laws won't eliminate violence is not the main issue. Where are the statistics of the murders that have been prevented by the gun control laws we have in place? There is no way to determine how many, but there have been a lot. Suppose we don't place any laws, and a person goes, gets a gun, and kills someone. The person is dead, but the inconvenience it would have caused to make stricter laws wouldn't have been worth that one life. Now suppose we place stricter gun control laws that cost the government billions of dollars. We spent millions of dollars, and saved one life. If this law saves just that one life, isn't it worth it?
 Sigma, Everyone gives the response you gave. But most people would not actualy take that route at all. They would go strait to the boss to avoid the possible confruntation. What does that tell you about people's thinking in this day and age?  Then why the hell ask me the question if you're going to disbelieve me anyway.   People for the most part have come to rely on their betters to guide them. Each individual person is capable of being a good person and running their own life. But as a people we are trained from birth to put our faith in things better then ourselves in the hopes that everything will work out just fine.  I care very little about your personal crusade. Seriously. Watch me not care.  Democracy is all but dead and when people finally realize it the whole place is gonna turn on it's head. When that happens I'm gonna want my assault rifles and plenty of ammo. Lots of ammo. When the time comes your gonna wish you had them. If it were you and me in a place and only food enough for 1 to survive and I have my guns... Guess who's gonna eat.  We were never a democracy. We were a Constitutional Republic.  Yes, I support gun ownership for this reason. Resisting oppressive gov't is the reason the 2nd Amendment was adopted. However, the current use of personal gun ownership is way out of wack with that original meaning. Hunting is not the original meaning. Defending yourself against intruders was not in the original meaning. The current use allows schools to be shot up by students and criminals easy access to guns as a means of killing each other and law-abiding citizens. Curbing or regulating these uses is justifiable.  Therin lies my whole point. Laws are not the answer. The more we as a people rely on laws to fix things the easier it is for us to be enslaved.  I think your solution is shortsighted and skewed.
Wow... are you kidding me?  Whether it is justified or not is opinion. However, the meaning of the 2nd Amendment appears to be to resiste those destructive of your Constitutional Rights, not for hunting or what have you. And also given that at the time of writing the 2nd Amendment was a prohibition against Federal infringment, and not State, the fear was obviously an oppressive Federal gov't.  Asking you was more or less for my own amusement.  Ah. I figured you had no purpose to this :P   Easy access to guns does not cause people to commit crimes and shoot up schools.  Where did I say guns cause criminal attitudes? I'm not saying guns cause anything. I said that easy access to guns provides the means for the criminal behavior. This may tend behavior towards more crime or not, but is nontheless true.  Lets try and see ya try and prevent that. Anyone got 2 sticks?  Well, then I would have accomplished what I said. They would not shoot up the school. I'm surprised you even would admit it would keep the guns out of the student's hands.
Why do ye make this so easy?  Given that motor vehicles cause far more deaths annually, how many lives would be saved by lowering the speed limit to 20 MPH. If it saves one life, is it worth it?  You do have a good point. However, it does not change my mind. We do our best to make cars as safe as we can, but so many people need to travel fast just to work and survive. More importantly, when one gets into a car, they know that they run the risk of crashing.    French Fries kill 936,000 people a year and ye are prattling on about firearms! Surely it is worth the inconvenience to the rest of us eaters to forego french fries. Perhaps we could simply ban fat folks from purchasing french fries? Limit the number of fries a fat XXX can purchase? Institute a 7-day waiting period before serving the fries?   I hope ye French Fry eaters give your fries a big fat kiss good night. Y'all are just Ronald McDonald extremists.  Aside from being offensive, this is irrational. You are skewing the statistic. It says that there are 936,000 cardiovascular related deaths, not 936,000 french fry deaths. Cardiovascular related deaths also include heart disease, heart attacks from diabetes and smoking, high blood pressure, and congenital cardiovascular defects. Furthermore, when someone is obese from overeating, they know that it's bad for them to live that way. Plus, it's hurting them and nobody else. Someone who gets murdered isn't doing anything to put themselves at risk, and the murderer is hurting other people, rather than just themselves.
You can only curtail violence by addressing the cause of the violence not the manner in which it was carried out.   People that are trying to implement gun control and bans are probably the most ignorant lot of political activist crazies we have here in the USA. I say ignorant not to insult people but as an accurate statement of their level of knowledge about the true nature of what they are trying to accomplish and about firearms in general.   Your typical anti-gun person is passion driven, non-gun owning, well to do upper-middle class, sheltered and high strung. Soccer mom's and Metro-sexual's for the most part. Born and raised in suburbia in a sheltered community with a blind eye to the real world. Cookie cutter people with cookie cutter lives that alleviate their tremendous boredom by backing some cause or another so as to give themselves the illusion that they are doing some good in the world when in fact their lifestyle is going to cause more pain and suffering and death to the world through destruction of the environment then any gun ever could. What are you basing this on? The surveys I've seen that show that women, blacks, and minority groups are more likely to support gun control. People living in poor inner city neighborhoods are more likely to support gun control.    Guns are not the problem. End of Story. Whenever there is a tragedy of some kind everyone is looking for someone or something to blame. If the perpetrator of the crime is dead... that's not enough. There has to be some justice of some kind to placate the masses. The people demand it! So where do people set their focus? Certainly not on themselves for ignoring the plight of American society and poverty and lack of funds for things like treatment for the mentally ill, better education and the like. NOOOOOO! They want to focus on something more convenient. The gun must be to blame!!! Ya.. That's it. Everyone gang up and parade the likeness of the victims behind your misdirected cause and march like lemmings over the cliff of reason into the bottomless pit of ignorant bliss.   It's just like the supposed "War on Drugs". The Government has spent Billions on stomping out drugs of all kinds and in the end all we have is more chaos. We have jails full of drug offenders and streets full of drugs and a quirk that was once a somewhat harmless vice of society has become a full-blown epidemic. People failed to address the real issues and focused on an object.  Same aspect with gun violence. Society fails to see or outright ignores the real causes.   For instance, I own several Guns. I hope I never have to use them outside of target shooting and hunting but am prepared to do so if necessary. There are other people out there who don't share my sense and reason and would see the same guns as a tool to take advantage of others or cause them harm. But you don't need a gun for that. If there were no guns those same people would use other weapons, or make bombs. You could just Google up how to make a pipe bomb, make 20-30 of them and have a blast. That weapon in the same settings as the VT shooting would have probably caused more death. He could have opened a door, Tossed in a pipe bomb and closed the door... move on to the next room... rinse and repeat. Someone good with a sword could do just a much damage. A sword doesn't go BOOM so you could rack up quite a mess before anyone knew what was going on.   My point is... People like the VT shooter can snap, taking away 1 tool of dealing death will only see it replaced by another. In the case of firearms you do more harm then good by taking away the most effective means of defense a person can carry. Instead of focusing on the tools why can't people focus on the root issues. Mass murderers are usually mentally deranged. Wouldn't it be a better use of the taxpayers money to work toward identifying those with severe mental issues and helping them get treated rather then just taking away one of the many possible tools they could use when they finally snap. Someone shoots a Gas Station clerk in a robbery. Instead of spending millions on enforcing new gun laws to slightly reduce the chance that that robber might have gotten the gun he used. Why not put the millions of dollars into civil action and education programs that would help that kind of person that is desperate enough to rob the store get a better life. Most do that sort of crime out of need and desperation. Some just do it for fun, those people have a warped sense of right and wrong and need help getting that straightened out though some method.   You cannot have a utopia without the means to defend it. People must have the right to defend themselves and their homes. They must have the means to protect freedom from tyranny if needs be.   The statement "Guns don't Kill People, People Kill People" says a great deal and is one of the most truthful quotes of all time. A man determined to kill another man will use a gun if he has one, if not then the next best thing, A good blade. If not that then a pointy stick. If not that then a rock. You cannot stop violence by eliminating the tools of violence. Or even reduce it for that matter. You have to address the causes where you can. Mankind is violent in nature so you will never stop all violence. By you can curtail a great deal of it by working with people and helping yourself and others lead a good life.  Why is it when you defend yourself the type of weapon you have does matter? You say recognize a gun as being "the most effective means of defense a person can carry" But when it comes to killing people all weapons are equally effective- whether it be a gun, a rock or a pointy stick.   And if it's as easy to kill a person with a pointy stick as with a gun then the US Army could save a lot of money by arming its soldiers with pointy sticks.
You do have a good point. However, it does not change my mind. We do our best to make cars as safe as we can, but so many people need to travel fast just to work and survive. More importantly, when one gets into a car, they know that they run the risk of crashing.    I do my best to make my house as safe as I can. Firearm possession is one of the means to attain that safety. When the criminal breaks into a home that criminal knows that he runs a risk of earning a chalk outline. Remove the firearms and remove the risk to the criminal. Consequently, ye increase the risk to the homeowner. But is the gun that you keep in your home a greater risk to yourself or to a potential intruder? It's pretty easy to find information on the FBI and the CDC websites that shows that more people die in gun accidents than criminals die in legally justifiable self defense shootings. People defending guns often only look at the gross benefit of gun ownership, not the net benefit when it comes to safety. That would make about as much sense as only looking at your gross income while ignoring the fact that your net income is negative.
That's the way it was before the invention of gunpowder. Spears, swords, arrows, darts, pointy sticks...none can reach out and touch someone like a well aimed bullet driven by the gases of exploding powder through a rifled barrel of sufficient length, straightness and consistent caliber.  Prior to this (the invention of gunpowder), I doubt there were any successful efforts to legally control the possession of pointy sticks and stuff. Oh, I'm sure the conquering armies often took the weapons of their defeated foes, but those foes made some more weapons and fought again. Swords were beat into plowshares and back into swords depending on the needs of the locals.  Even long after the invention of gunpowder, the Mexicans, desirous of remaining free, beat the snot out the French infantry with hoes and a herd of cattle. Sergeant York (as played by Gary Cooper) single-handedly obtained the surrender of hundreds of Germans by picking some of them off (killing them) one at a time as if he were at a turkey shoot...so his one well-aimed rifle saved a load of people by serving as his own personal killing tool...used from a relatively great distance. The "One Shot-One Dead Terrorist" thread that I was maligned for posting demonstrates the surgical capabilities of the modern rifle in the hands of a true sharpshooter.  How dare you even suggest the army go back to pointy sticks. It's how you use the gun that counts. I began that sentence with "And if..." so it doesn't follow that I was suggesting that the army go back to pointy sticks. I was just demonstrating the fallacy in an argument by pointing out what it leads to.
My name is unriggable and I am for gun control. Why? Below:  "Of 626 shootings in or around a residence in three U.S. cities, [this study] revealed that, for every time a gun in the home was used in a self-defense or legally justifiable shooting, there were four unintentional shootings, seven criminal assaults or homicides, and 11 attempted or completed suicides (Kellermann et al, 1998)."  "There is a positive correlation between homicide rates and availability of guns in developed nations. (Hemenway and Miller, 2000)"  "Analyses that controlled for several measures of resource deprivation, urbanization, aggravated assault, robbery, unemployment, and alcohol consumption found that states with higher rates of household firearm ownership had significantly higher homicide victimization rates for children, and for women and men. In these analyses, states within the highest quartile of firearm prevalence had firearm homicide rates 114% higher than states within the lowest quartile of firearm prevalence. Overall homicide rates were 60% higher. (Harvard School of Public Health)"
Welcome to the forum Unriggable. It sounds like you take the position that our current gun control regulatory scheme is inadequate to address the safety issues you raise. If this is your position, then let me ask a couple of questions to clarify your thoughts on the issue if I might:  What gun control laws in addition to those we currently have would you favor?  For any new law you propose, what argument would you put forward to defend its constitutionality?  Okay. Well what I am about to say may seem cliche, but at the time of the signing of the bill of rights (and the second amendment) 'arms' were weapons which would take a good ten to fifteen seconds to load (not only that but the wielder has to stand still while they reload), meaning that once a shot was fired people had plenty of time to run for their lives, and as a result few lives were lost. So today's weapons, which are way off that scale, follow that two hundred year old rule. To me that makes no sense. The availability of guns led to so many crises (crisises?) in recent history. I wouldn't mind it as much if there was a law that required some level of training for guns to be purchased, so we know that whoever buys these will no how to defend themselves.  Yes, guns will always be circulated illegally. But do you think that when it comes to guns, you can fight fire with fire? Keep in mind the stat above: For every person shot in self defense, four are shot by accident (personally, when somebody raids my house, I knife their XXX).
Master Shake, that last part isn't true at all. Every single person who sells drugs that I know of is pretty peaceful and to the extent of my knowledge doesn't steal, fight, etc.  Weed should be legalized, everything else should remain against the law. Weed was outlawed to allow the deportation of many mexican immigrants in the 30's, the only reason it is illegal today is because we have too many traditionalists on Capitol Hill.
Those weapons that required several seconds to load managed to kill over one million during the American Civil War. I guess them yanks and rebs jes weren't so good at runnin or else you jes ain't good at figurin what constitutes "a few lives".  Yeah, but they were all soldier's lives, not only that but there were enough soldiers for you to see coming and escape (there were minimal civilian casualties during the civil war). Also the weapons were far from concealable (today you can hide an automatic weapon in your vest).  One may apply your approach to the 2nd amendment to the 1st as well. "Speech" at the time the constitution consisted of literal speech. The closest thing to radio was the loud XXX town crier. I wouldn't mind if there was a law that required some level of education before someone went off prattling about the constitution.   Literal Speech was enough managed to separate the United States from England. BTW you're forgetting the printing press. And there was no FCC back in the day.  Be careful you don't knife four people by accident before you successfully stab someone in self defense. Keep in mind, that the weed you would legalize slows your reaction time. That might be a factor the next time you bring a knife to a gun fight.  Don't forget that there wouldn't be a gun fight were it not for the guns... And yes, if you legalize weed I'll be on it 24/7... emoticon_xgood
So the guy you buy your pot from down the street isn't a mean guy. Big deal. Secondly, I was really talking about the primary suppliers, not small-timers, although the same applies to many small-timers.  I think you've watched too many mob movies. A lot of the weed is grown in the US, not imported. And most of the grown #### is grown by college students, small rings of adults, you know, people who aren't running entire business chains off them (as depicted in tv shows, whatever).
There are other drugs, smokey.  Yes but they are dwarfed by marijuana. The only reason people reject it is because they were taught it was a bad thing to do, similar to the Iranian attitude toward premarital sex.  By the way Bryan, the same study was made by numerous other people and the same results were reached - a family with a gun is 43 times more likely to accidentally shoot a family member than a non-gun-owning one, and 5 times more likely to experience a suicide than a non-gun owning one. Look it up.
Thanks for asking me what additional laws I would implement. After seeing an episode of "It takes a theif" a few months back, I realized it would be wise to charge every gun customer another twenty bucks for a standard gun lock. This means that when a house is robbed and firearms are stolen, they cannot be sold illegally easily (at least without some effort, more than its worth). This would make illegal gun circulation a bit harder.  In addition, I think you need a permit to own a gun of any kind - they aren't hard to acquire, just takes a bit of waiting time. That way, it would be easier to link crimes to the criminals who used the guns since there is a database. Besides, no reason for guns on the go, anybody can wait a month or so.
Trigger locks are bogus. They do nothing but hinder the gun owner in an emergency. Let me make it clear... Anyone with 5 minutes to spare and a decent powerdrill can destroy any gun lock hands down.  Safes are nothing more than a metal box. Anybody with time can take it apart.  You guys realize that you're ignoring the police option? It takes about three minutes for a car to arrive at the door, barely any time for a theif or anybody to snag a bunch of items and run off with them.
you know i think that both have a good outcome. it would be against the 2nd ammendment but then this could happenemoticon_xkill but if u take them then there is less violence
but yet they wont have guns and neither will you. plus how many times have you used your gun cuz someone was in your house???emoticon_xkill emoticon_cry OUCH!!!
but taking guns away would make the chance shrink of getting broken into:xcensored emoticon_xhoho
it would be easyer to crack down on gangs and so WAY LESS... like down to 8%emoticon_xkill emoticon_cry :telephone dang he just missed the phone
ya like gun control is taking all guns away from private citizens and all guns are controlled by the government and the policeemoticon_xdonno
well barely any gangs go rape someone they would rather have a gang fight...women are more scared of rapists w/ gunsemoticon_xhoho
well i like both for and against because for. i mean taking away guns will make less crime but most gangs wont give up guns both are true but taking away will help
well true but wats the point in keeping them... how many times do u hear on the news that someone broke in and the person shot them...idk about u but i never hear that. they are normally killedemoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill emoticon_cry thats wat will happen before u can grab ur gun
emoticon_xbye wats the point of having one most of the time if they have half a brain they'll be sneaky so u wont wake up so u cant kill them or they'll kill u b4 u wake upemoticon_xkill emoticon_xbye emoticon_cry
well of course the military would have guns and they would start recruiting and giving the guns out
just saying crappy is an opinion you are not supposed to use those in a debate, just facts...anyways how many times have u had to use a gun to defend yourself when someone broke into ur home
law enforcement would be about ten times stronger it would be easier to take em' away...plus felens cant buy guns...:xcensored
Semiliterate gun enthusiasts scare me.emoticon_xchicken
I get into constant arguments with people about this. This is the most common one I get.  "But I don't feel safe with any one having a gun. Only police officers and security guards should carry and have them."   First of all, feeling safe is NOT a right...that's a state of mind. It seems people think feeling safe is somehow a right, it's NOT. Self-defense IS a right. That is right granted by the Constitution, specifically the 2nd Amendment. In no where does it say "only police officers or military, etc" it says the people! Secondly, citizens with CCW (concealed weapons permits) are just a capable as police officers and security guards. Most if not all CCW holders have to go through some kind of training with firearms. Accidents hardly ever happen. Don't believe me? Look at the stats.  Ummm "feeling safe" is one of the reasons we have so many laws... so, in a sense, feeling safe is a right.  I am neither gun lover nor gun hater. However, a concealed weapon is a concealed weapon. Perhaps a gun owner has some training as to how to fire a gun, but police officers and (hopefully) security guards are trained to protect and uphold a law. Granted no one is perfect, but you cannot compare the training a CCW holder receives with that of the years of academy training a police officer goes through. Millions upon millions of americans go through life without ever firing a gun. Probably the majority of americans. I honestly don't feel it's safe to have someone with a CCW walking around a peaceful neighborhood toting a gun. It's pointless. If a neighborhood is dangerous and the police support is failing, then I can understand. But in anytown USA, I think it's beyond ridiculous.  The constition was written so long ago. I don't think the founders ever imagined a population so big or so many powerful weapons in the circulation. The constitional law was also meant more on the lines of militia. I'm all for hunting and recreational gun useage. But there has to be common sense as to what exactly a real threat is. And, there have been LOTS of accidents... including the bufoonery of our current vice president. There has to be reasonable control. There is no reason to have cop-killing guns in the population. Because of the lack of control laws we let happen, we now have created a larger problem of black market weapons. One has to wonder about the psychological makeup of joe or suzie blo carrying a concealed weapon in anytown USA. I'm sorry, it's more dangerous, not safe.
I know what country I live in and what its Constitution says. My question to gun advocates is why with nearly no guns in many European countries and others, is the crime rate so much lower than ours? Many enjoy most or all the liberties we enjoy with the exception of gun ownership and yet there are simply fewer criminals. If all our guns make us free and safe, how come we're not safe and not any more free? Do we have more outlaws because of our historical relationship with firearms? Is the psychological attachment to the gun the same for both law abiding gun owner and outlaw? Don't both villian and hero intend to prevail by virtue of the gun's power?
It's not, and I wouldn't want to live in Europe anyway because by the end of the century Europe will be no more. Besides that they have only slightly lower gun crime, even though they ban guns. I believe in Russia they have banned guns from private possession, yet I know an immigrant from there who says you can find AK's and even an occasional RPG just laying in back alleys ready for any criminal to pick up. I personally hope they're found by revolutionaries who dislike Putin and the Sudo-Soviet government.  Wow! This is all news to me.  Europe no more by the end of the century? Slightly lower gun crime? They've banned guns? (Not everywhere - but even where they haven't gun crime is still a fraction of that in the USemoticon_xkill ).  Okay, I know little about the state of Russian streets, but I would guess that conditions there have something to do with the collapse of the USSR.  Given that the USA seems to be collapsing at the moment, perhaps the same conditions will exist there soon. Then, maybe you will wish you did live in Europe.  Just a thought.  Smiley
So your saying since some things make you afraid we should ban, destroy, etc them? Would you really give up a lot of your rights just to feel safe?   I think you're misunderstanding the concept of CCW. If no one can see it, there is no harm done. I'm sure there are tons of people around where I live with CCW (license) and walking around. It hasn't turned into the OK Corral or anything of that nature. Neither are people freaking out. If you do you're just being paranoid. If you ever take a CCW course you will realize that they take this very seriously. The majority of gun owners are not irresponsible and won't go around toting their guns in front of people because they are ######.   You say police officers are "better trained?" That's debatable. I have read lots of stories where police officers were accidentally shot. Although you might not believe it, some police officers tend to forget basic safety protocols, which could result in the death or injury of another person. They are human after all. CCW's holders have to follow the same protocols and probably do so at a higher rate due to public opinion.  Even if it was written long ago, it is still the law of the land. I'm sure the founders never imagined the internet and the MSM..but hey that's legal right? I can understand reasonable controls, but what is reasonable to you might not be reasonable to me and that I guess is the issue. An issue that will be determined by the Supreme Court hopefully this next year (see Washington DC vs Parker.) Also check up on the statistics about gun accidents. Gun accidents are very low compared to drowning, poison and medical procedures. Cop killing guns? What's that?  http://www.optacinternational.com/officersafety/pdfs/WhyAreWeKillingOurselves.pdf  I'm not debating whether or not it's the law of the land. Of course it is and guns certainly will never go away. Even if I thought they should, it would be impossible to find all guns and destroy them. I will never happen.  It's just too easy for anyone to get them. We have to have a license to drive a car, which, in itself, can be a very dangerous weapon. But it's controlled. Guns should be difficult to attain. It's not an infringement on rights. It's common sense.   I have never carried a gun in public and I've lived in some pretty tough neighborhoods that would certainly have warranted it. I just don't see the point. If someone is going to shoot you, that person is going to do it... period. Concealed weapons in suburbia is nonsensical. It's dangerous to everyone around. Despite training you get with the permit, it doesn't take in account the psychological make-up of stressful situations.... or intoxication.... or anything else that might cause someone to pull out a gun. Without proper screening, how can you prevent wacko's from going to the OK Koral... or, rather, high-schools in the US. I would say the rights of the non-gun carrying citizens outweights the rights to carry a concealed weapon.   The right is to be able to carry a gun. However, carrying a gun is a lifestyle choice. It should not put into danger anyone who does not carry a gun. If you're going to carry a gun, you must past a litmus test for psychological stability.   And as an aside, my cousin was and his son is a NYC cop. They served many years on the force, and both were part of the 911 ground zero operations on that horrible day. Their views are similar to mine, and they are both personal gun owners. They understand, more than anybody, the power behind a gun. And yes, the academy training they went through was intense. Accidents are going to happen, but that is what academys are for.... to prevent more accidents from happening. The training provided police officers can't be compared with a night class to get a concealed weapon permit.   There just have to be reasonable limitations and registration and training. Just like anything else in life.
It's not, and I wouldn't want to live in Europe anyway because by the end of the century Europe will be no more. Besides that they have only slightly lower gun crime, even though they ban guns. I believe in Russia they have banned guns from private possession, yet I know an immigrant from there who says you can find AK's and even an occasional RPG just laying in back alleys ready for any criminal to pick up. I personally hope they're found by revolutionaries who dislike Putin and the Sudo-Soviet government.I never asked if you personally would want to live in Europe. Have you ever even visited any European countries?  Russia is going through a hard transition. The rest of Europe is not comparable at present.
Explain why after a town in Georgia (forgot its name) said every homeowner must have a gun, there crime rate fell by nearly 50%.You'll have to link the story quoting the 50% crime reduction before I could comment. I will say that where there's no rule of law one might have to arm oneself. Still, I want my gun to protect against a totalitarian government more than against criminals.How do you propose to take on the government with your light arms?
On your other point, how do you think the Colonists did it?In reality not fantasy? Seriously, I don't think you can compare ordinance in 1776 to that which the Nat'l Guard has access to today let alone the regular Army et, al. The Red Coats couldn't vaporize you before you could see the whites of their eyes.
I'm not sure about the futility of resisting modern tyranny with small arms. Now I'm not suggesting that we are imposing tyranny overseas, but here is one point. There are far, far fewer armed terrorists in Iraq than there are armed citizens in America. If the need ever arose for armed resistance, then I don't believe the American resistance fighters would march out into a field, form square like they are about to receive cavalry at Waterloo, and patiently await the B-52 strike.  I know there are people who are ashamed of the RKBA-who want to treat it as the red-headed step-child of the Bill or Rights-who want to keep it locked up in the basement lest it show itself and frighten our more enlightened European neighbors. These same people want to declare that the 2nd. Amendment RKBA constantly hangs in the balance, and they believe they have the moral authority to destroy it the moment they are convinced it is "no longer needed." For those of you who feel that way, here is my answer:   We are a government of laws and not men. I don't have to justify the necessity of having a right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure; a right to free speech, press, and assembly; a right to remain silent, to be free from cruel and unusual punishments; or my right not to be a slave. These rights are recognized by my Constitution, and need no further justification. The 2nd. Amendment is likewise a part of that great charter, and also requires no further justification. I know some of our friends around the world believe we have lost the moral torch of freedom and liberty by our invasion of Iraq. All I can say is we have sunk low indeed when we see persons at home hover over the Constitution with a gleam in their eye and a bottle of white-out in their hand make the self-righteous demand that we are required to justify why they should not go ahead and strike out portions of the document they don't like.   The 2nd. Amendment recognizes an individual RKBA. I challenge anyone to demonstrate otherwise. If you want to prevent your neighbor from owning a gun then be honest about it. Work to amend the RKBA out of the Constitution, and once successful then pass laws denying your fellow man that right. Don't attempt it by deliberately distorting the wording of the amendment to read what you think it should. You only encourage others to rewrite or white-out other portions of the Constitution they don't like.   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, Lecture II, 1921.  You have obviously used "white out" on the word "militia" in the second amendment.  Interpret it as you will, but it's run amok. And, also, the original constitution said blacks were ummmm, what was the fraction of a human being? Selective memory?  The second amendment needs amending, like much of the constitution already has had. It's called constitutional evolution. It's called meeting the needs of the current society. It is different now from the 1700s and it will be different in the 2200s.   Guns are here to stay. We might as well figure out how to regulate them, keep them from lunatics, have intense training as to the impact of guns and their useage, and get them out of criminals hands. Having open gun sales events with limited background checks does not acheive this. Why would anyone need a semi-automatic to "protect their family". Most Americans do not have guns. Go figure...  Keep your rights.... but like anything else deadly in this country, you need a license to operate. I mean, a real license, not some validation from am uber-lobbyist organization.
JSDK,  You have obviously used "white out" on the word "militia" in the second amendment.  And YOU have obviously used white out on the words "well regulated" in 2A.  If you want and need your extension of your own too-small gun, then your country expects you to turn out one weekend a month and 6 weeks every summer for military training so that you can be part of the "well-regulated militia" that 2A calls for.emoticon_xgood
A machine gun isn't a hunting weapon? I would say that one would be useful in the killing of other humans.
When I said that a machine guns are useful people hunting weapons, I was being serious. The more lethal the population is, the less lethal the government can become towards the population.
I don't know how I could possibly clarify my position further, so I'm just going to assume you will never understand my position and so I will stop wasting my time clarifying it.
Bingo! I'm glad someone gets it!
The constituion was written and ratified by realists. They were not at all interested in codifying the ability to shoot squirrels and rabbits. They were codifying the right to own the tools necessary to fight an insurgent war against your own government if you felt so compelled. next thing we know you will be spoutting something crazy like "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."
I'm all for making people bleed. i prefer to aviod it, it possibul...
Go for it.emoticon_xagree
My first thought is whether a security company is a reliable source, given they have a vested interest in promoting paranoia.
Carrying knives is already banned, and is largely a problem confined to large cities. Which is where the media is based. You work it out.  Also, did you miss the part about a "decade of decline" in knife crime?
Good thing they banned the carrying of knives. Must make everyone feel safer to know that only criminals are conducting the knife attacks.   Perhaps GB should require background checks before the purchase of culinary implements? Sadly that would never work as most criminals would simply steal the knives from steakhouses. Irresponsible kitchen owners!  Fortunately we don't have many stakehouses :p . I think it is interesting that gun nuts always claim that when guns are banned people will just use knives instead, yet we find that with guns prohibited there are still only 200 deaths a year from knife like weapons. Currently you have to be 18 to purchase knives beyond a certain size, much like with alcohol and products containing solvents.
To be honest I'll put up with relatively large numbers of non-serious violent crimes if it means we avoid the massive number shot dead in the US. All these statistics prove is that somenody feeling angry and violent in the UK is likely to punch someone. Assuming that person isn't particularly fragile, it's unfortunate but not a major problem. If, as the gun nuts advocate, they're carrying a concealed handgun, the chances of them causing death or serious injury skyrocket.
You can't accuse others of 'slight (sic) of hand' and then produce this! The same Home Office survey you linked to shows:   17% of total violent crime was 'common assault with NO injury' (i.e. pushing and shoving, spitting at someone or verbal abuse)   43% was 'common assault with less serious injury' (e.g, a scuffle outside a bar)  20% were 'harrassment - no injuries suffered.  5% were 'other violent crimes' including carrying a weapon.  Only 2.1% of all violent crime led to a serious injury.  The weapon most commonly used is, of course, the fist - in 78% of all cases.   In order to make this comparison make any sense we need to know how the FBI defines violent crime. The claim that the UK is five times more violent than the US is based on a comparison between the BCS (British Crime Survey) data and FBI data. The BCS is a criminal victimization survey (people are randomly selected and interviewed about their experiences with crime) while the FBI data is based on crime reported to law enforcement. Not all crime is reported to the police so it's not surprising that the BCS numbers are higher.   As for the knife culture of the UK, people are less likely to die from knife wounds than gun wounds. Guns make it easier to kill at a distance which makes it harder for a victim to run away. You might be able to outrun a person with a knife, but it's harder to outrun a bullet.   "An attack committed with bare hands or a blunt instrument requires sustained effort against a victim who is actively trying to fight back or flee. These attacks often result in hospitalization followed by recovery. Using a knife decreases the victim's chances of survival, but still he/she may be able to fight or flee. A gun, however, allows the assailant to kill or wound in an instant, and to attack from a distance. Gunshot wounds are much more likely to be lethal - the reason that armies are equipped with firearms (For an overview of the lethality of firearms see Cukier and Sidel (3)). Several studies have highlighted this lethality (4, 5). A comparison of hospital admissions of wound victims in South Africa found that 6% of knife wounds were fatal, while 28% of those with firearm wounds died. In Zambia, patients with firearm wounds required longer stays in hospital, and were admitted more frequently into intensive care units (ICU), and required more X-rays than contusions (6). When firearms have replaced traditional weapons in societies with pre-existing patterns of violence, observers found a marked increase in the lethality and destructiveness of conflict."  http://www.palgrave-journals.com/jphp/journal/v28/n4/full/3200153a.html
Leaving aside your self-confessedly poor self control (should you have a licence?) you ignore the tissue trauma caused by the bullet entry. They don't just make a neat hole like a blade weapon, there is massive damage from the high velocity pressure wave speading from the impact site. Only an idiot would even consider outrunning a bullet as a viable option, which is why it is brought up as an indicator of the lack of options wen faced with a gun nut as opposed to a knife wielder.
 Which is why I pointed out that what you really need to do is stay out of the bullet's path of trajectory. A bullet will travel in a mostly straight line until the forces of gravity pull it downward, so the best defense is to have an erratic travel pattern so you don't present a target. I'd still rather be chased by a person with a knife than run a zig zag pattern in an attempt to evade a bullet.
A nation of Gun nuts has 469.2 violent crimes per 100,000 while our gentle gun-banning erstwhile countrymen have 2300. Would you rather be attacked, or killed?  You are ~7 times more likely to be killed in the States, and ~14 times more likely to be killed by a gun. Compare that to your ~4 times increased likelihood of 'violent attack' (of which only 2.1% leads to serious injury, so is irrelevant until you get the FBI definition of 'violent crime') and I'd still rather live in the UK.
How do weapons cause criminal thinking? They don't. Do weapons aid criminals in carrying out crime? Surely. To paraphrase Eddie Izzard - "Guns don't kill people, people kill people! But guns help."  The simplest answer to the problems that criminals aren't going to give up their guns is here. In a place with strict gun laws from the word go (such as the UK), gun crime and homicide is way down compared with the US - see my link above. Obviously you can't make the US like the UK by dimply changing the law - you also have to make illegal ownership of a weapon a very difficult thing, and/or bring in legislation slowly so that the change filters through.  Until it can be shown that more people protect themselves by use of firearm than are injured/killed by legally obtained firearms (which, incidentally, looks like being not the case), I hold that gun control is the best way to reduce violence and fatalities.   To grant everyone access to a most lethal weapon such as a gun borders on sheer stupidity.
I noticed that you failed to mention what over all violent crime rates are over in the UK rat-hole. Also, how would you go about making it difficult to illegally obtain weapons? If you get an intelligent crook who's determined to find a gun, he'll/she'll find one. And criminals are alot smarter than you think. I noticed you indiscriminately and randomly insult my country, and fail to read the rest of the thread, where 'violent crime statistcs' are thoroughly looked at. Also - making weapons illegal/restricted would make them harder to obtain, whether legally or illegally, as would the spot-checks described in my link, above. While I don't doubt that anyone sufficiently determined to get a gun can do so, I do doubt that all gun crimes are meticulously planned out beforehand - the criminal simply had a gun to hand and saw the opportunity arise.  Sure. 90% of all people who were killed by guns were commiting a violent crime at the time. And you make it sound as if all gun crimes are murders while a good percentage of it is carrying guns without a CCW permit or stuff like that.Source? I have a counter-source, right here.  I assume you are ignoring wars here, also...  When Florida legalized guns again, car jackings for Florida liscense plates went down, when car jackings for out-of-state liscense plates went up. Crooks didn't want to get shot, so they went for the cars that were from states where they thought guns weren't legal.Source again? Also, did the law change on people legally carrying guns?  Why? Would you rather get stabbed to death for twenty minutes than get hit in the head with a bullet? A desire to have suffering extended - hmmmm...Here Ethmi accidentally makes a point for the wrong side. The argument earlier was that guns were less 'lethal' than knives, and that running in a zig-zag patter was a valid way of dodging a bullet. Unfortunately for the original poster, you've just nullified both of these points.  Thanks.
And we've been well and truly Godwinned....
What I wanted answered, was how the hell would you make it hard to obtain guns? Would you wave a magic wand or something? Uh, making something illegal usually reduces its availability... Also, spot checks and actively looking for illegally owned guns would make it harder to both obtain and keep firearms.  That's because there's no such thing as self defence anymore. Everything is an evil, demonic crime. No matter what the cirumstances.There's a difference between war and crime.In other words, no, you don't have a source. Quit making up statistics.  You don't have a source either, and for that matter, you have no counter-argument! I said the laws changed already. Yes, they changed on carrying.In other words, no, you don't have a source. It's pointless to argue against something if you can't prove to me that that something is true. Should it be true, I would say that any law that instantly changes the restrictions of firearms is going to have negative repercussions, at least in the first instant. After time, you'll see a more gradual change.  I was asking which one would be less painful.  Hitler banned guns before the Holocaust, by the way. That's a daft question. "Given that I'm going to be killed, I'd rather be killed by a gun" removes the purpose of reducing the chance that you are going to be killed in the first place.  Godwins Law aside, Hitler also probably called [the rest of] Europe 'a bunch of liberals'... make of that what you will.
In the 1920s is when illegal alcohol industries prospered in the United states. That didn't seem to affect it's availability.. Au contraire. While prohibition increased some diseases from the general populace consuming harmful illegal alcohol, alcohol consumption in general fell by 30-50%  1). Why is this person whos works you used as a source so much smarter than everyone else? How is she significant?  2). If I said the lowest parts of the body were the feet, without a source, would that mean I'm making it up? 1) (S)He is significant because it proves that a survey was carried out, and that the results of the survey agree with my arguments. You arbitrarily saying "90%" is not valid until you show where you get your information from, and if it is a justifiable source to use.  2) No, because i could independently verify that you are not making it up. Until you show your own independent verification, however, there is nothing to indicate that you are telling the truth.  You evaded the question. What do you think would be I assume you meant to type 'more painful to be killed by' at the end of this, but couldn't be bothered/forgot. To answer: guns are undeniably more lethal than knives, but it depends on how/where I was wounded. I'd rather have my throat cut than be shot in the stomach and bleed to death, I'd rather be shot in the head than suffer multiple stab wounds. Either way, the question is irrelevant to your argument.  You want to debate?! We'll debate!!! Look at the bottom!! Counter them!!! Good luck!! YOU'LL NEED IT!!! You think you've beaten me?! THINK AGAIN!!! ... Oh, and by the way, unlike your source, mine was made by research teams rather than XXXXXX who want to prove a point. [/snigger] Firstly, debating kinda is what I'm here for. You don't need to get all excited about it. Secondly, the source I linked to was from a government-endorsed website that publishes many thousands of survey results. The survey was not carried out with an agenda: even if it was, the numbers it quotes are undeniable. Insulting those that carried out the survey gets you and your argument (such as it is) nowhere.  OK, now here's some stats. You want to talk to me about sources, good luck finding reliable ones to counter them. I'm not looking for stats that contradict this stuff, that can be made up. I'm looking for stat's that prove it wrong.[source 1][source 2] These are completely irrelevant. It is not the minutae in availability of guns that is important, as a general populace will use/abuse each law on it's own terms once guns are widely legal (as is the case in all states). Instead, a much better measure of gun abuse is just that - to look at the percentage value of gun ownership in each state. Luckily, such a table is available here. If you compare the columns 'gun homicides' with '%gun ownership' you will see a distinct correlation, albeit one with a few anomalies.
"In every year since Florida passed its loose concealed weapon law in 1987, the state has ranked either first or second among the states in violent crime."  http://www.bradycampaign.org/media/release.php?release=874   which proves that the gun nuts are trying to sell people snake oil when they claim guns are a deterrent
The table you linked doesn't show a column of "% gun ownership." It shows a % of the homicides that were committed with guns, but nowhere is there an indication of gun ownership. It helps to understand the statistics you are looking at before you try to prove a point with them. Apologies. I misread the table headers.  Also, I don't understand how you can dismiss the other statistics given regarding number of gun deaths per capita as "irrelevant." The entire argument is about whether or not gun laws reduce crime. The chart shows that DC, a place which arguably has the strictest gun laws in the country, has the highest per capita death via gun. It is almost double the second ranked state. How do you explain that?In that case, I retreat to my previous position that there is not enough evidence to draw strong conclusions for either side, but I consider gun restrictions to be good because I have more evidence for that side of the argument).  The nuances of gun law are mainly irrelevant, because they distinguish a tiny fraction of the population.  Sources for not enough evidence: 1, 2 (bottom of 'findings' column). Sources for my side: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.  More concrete evidence would be to show that when severe restrictions are placed on guns (not the still-quote-loose-ones of DC) and criminal gun ownership is targeted, gun crimes and deaths dropped. With regards to the italics, I have a source right here.
But because owning booze was made a crime, crime rates went up. Yes. Clearly, we should make everything - guns, murder, rape - legal, thus reducing all crime rates to zero.  Your argument lacks some logic.  People get punished for self defense. When they do, the law doesn't count it as self defence.What? Firstly, clearly your definition of 'self defence' is different from mine - more like Archangels, where attack is the best form thereof. Secondly, this does not account for most of gun crime.  Thirdly, I notice you're still refusing to show me a source.  I read it, but you won't believe me. I don't care. I'll stop with that one.Probably for the best.  A bullet isn't garunteed to kill with one shot. And a person has more control over a knife than they do a bullet, making the knife more accurate.Why? Would you rather get stabbed to death for twenty minutes than get hit in the head with a bullet? A desire to have suffering extended - hmmmm... Make your mind up... Either way, as stated above, this is irrelevant.  Who did this survey? The UK government is anti gun, their greedy fingers take land as far away as US citizen's private property, and I have no doubt that they would lie to your face. All governments will.The clue is at the top of the page... PubMed is a US-government website that hosts the results of many thousands of independent scientific surveys. The research team for this particular survey can be found on the listing. Off-topic, but governments don't lie to your face, as a rule. The ones that do tend to get found out by people asking awkward questions, and a government that has been show to directly lie doesn't last long...  Ha! I laughed out loud when I read this! Your source is Wikipedia! Anyone can post there! I'd say something that any idiot can post on is less relevant than something that only certain people can edit. In all the time I've been debating politics, I never even thought anyone would use wikipedia as a source! Also, even if that table is accurate, then it is a great coincidence that nobody owns guns in states where they're more easily available. That seems very illogical. Gee, "%guns" couldn't possibly mean percentage of murders by guns, could it? Which is why it's interesting that only about 30.8% of murders in New Hampshire are gun deaths, where. Once again, New Hampshire, Vermont, a Maine are low on the list. New Hampshire has loose gun laws "src. Vermont has loose gun laws.src Maine has loose gun laws as well. src Whether your source is accurate or not, you lost that argument. If you want to check where the wiki gets it's data from, the source is right there, at the bottom of the page. Anyway, aren't you now trying to use that same data against me?  With regards to the gun%, I've already apologised for misreading that, and I do so again. I still think, however, that the nuances of gun restrictions within the US are not telling enough. North Dakota (for example) is the safest place to be, according to your list, and it has (relatively strict) laws. DC, with it's 'strictest gun laws', only denies guns to those who have broken the law or are homeless ('keeping bawdy or disorderly house' refers to a brothel, not to messiness). Compare these with laws such as the UK's, where gun permits are only for legitimate sport- or work-related activities, and 'self-defence' has not been a valid reason for gun ownership in over 50 years, and you quickly see that whether the tiny fraction of the population with a drugs conviction can get access to a gun or not is really quite irrelevant. All of the US has 'loose gun laws'.
Again, you are wrong. DC has a complete ban on handguns. This ban is currently being challenged in the Supreme Court because people believe it is unconstitutional. So I ask you - in a district with a complete ban on handguns (as handguns are 99.99% of the time used in gun crimes), why is the death by gun rate higher per capita by almost double anywhere else in the US?  Illegal arms: Machine gun, sawed-off shotgun, or weapon/instrument of kind commonly known as a blackjack, slingshot, sand club; silencers; imitation pistol with unlawful intent; unlicensed pistol concealed ... [who may not own] Pistols: 1. Drug addict; 2. Convicted felon; 3. Convicted of soliciting prostitution, keeping bawdy or disorderly house; 4. Vagrants, 5. Not of sound mind Well, I suppose that serves me right for taking Ethmi's source seriously. I was just going on what I was given - blame Ethmi.  To take a serious look at the issue: DC is a city, with population of ~500,000 people - population density ~9000 per square mile. It's hardly surprising that it's crime rates are higher than anywhere else, because populations centres are breeding grounds for crime - high pop. density results in a massive difficulty in controlling and/or enforcing the law. In places like London, where the pop. dens. is similarly high, tackling gun crime has had a good effect, but only if massive campaigns are launched. As I showed with my link earlier, actively removing guns does genuinely cut down on crime - but you have to make that effort.  It's truly sad you believe people don't have the right to defend themselves.I would say that it is sadder if you believe that everyone arming themselves will result in a reduced loss of life.
You think it doesn't happen? You think innocent people don't get the "guilty" verdict? You think there are no unfair laws? You think it doesn't not happen? You think innocent people always get the 'guilty' verdict? You think all laws are unfair?  No, you don't. Neither do I. To say, therefore, that '90%' of all gun crimes are only considered illegal because the vast majority have been unfairly dealt with by the justice system is unfeasable. And still, I notice, unsourced. Either back up your claim with data, or stop making up figures.  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!!!! "Govenments don't lie to your face"? HA HA HA HA HA!!!! Tell that to the American citizens whose relatives died in the pentagon in 9-11... and the Government said it was a plane. No plane or parts of any plane were found in the rubble, and all the security tapes showing the events were confiscated. Frankly, there is NOTHING less honest than a government.Firstly, you ignored the bit where I stated that my source was _not_ related to the government, other than that it is hosted in a collection on their servers. Secondly, you are rapidly becoming paranoid. Something other than conspiracies, please? Oh, and not that it matters (even further offtopic) but...  Earlier you said governments don't lie to your face....yes. Well done. How is this relevant? 'Not telling enough' means 'not relevant'.  Your table showed pretty much the same correlation if you study the laws. Hmm... as you always say "You didn't give a source! ".I didn't give a source for what? The table is irrelevant, for reasons you quoted in your post.
Ethmi's debating style has echoes of Vicky Pollard....
You really should read my posts... meh. To summarise:  [With the notable exception of DC, which is anomalous for reasons stated previously] laws covering the ownership of guns vary from state to state. However, they only vary by very slight amounts when compared to the overall population, or when compared to the limits on guns set by other countries around the world.  Earlier, I also gave you a source.
 Gun haters like iangb and Daewoo want to punish law abiding citizens and let the dangerous criminals go free! How does tightening gun control let 'dangerous criminals go free'? It's only 'punishing citizens' if the citizens in question enjoy owning guns. I would suggest, however, that they are less keen on being shot. Any change is a 'punishment' if you only look at the negative aspects of it.  Criminals don't obey laws so the gun control laws that the gun haters want will will never work.By that rationale, the US should stop attempting to clamp down on foreign countries developing nukes. Although that's an altogether different argument...   England still has gun crime after the gun haters banned guns there!And murder is illegal everywhere, but it still happens. The fact that England has far less gun crime than the US should be significant, however.
So the population of some states is more dense than other states. What do you suppose that repeating this does to prove anything in relation to UK knife crime? Are you from New Jersey?
Ethmi, the table you cited didn't include DC. If it had, you would see that DC has a massive population density of ~9000. Compare that with the next on the list - New Jersey at ~1000, and you can see why I list DC as an anomalous result.  Crime, by and large, is an urban phenomenon. DC is entirely urban - unlike any other US state. It's not hard to work out the connection.
LEO's? *googles* I'm guessing Law Enforcement Officer...  Yes, were there to be increaced pressure against illegal gun use then this would have a positive effect. But what would be better than arresting people after the fact would be removing from them the means to commit the crime in the first place...
More. If they are as attractive as you seem to believe, then criminals will target legal gun owners to get their guns.
A tap on the back of the head from a length of two-by-four renders a gun, concealed or not, no more than an expensive lump of useless metal which might just injure you further as your senseless body collapses on top of it.
Furthermore, if someone has gone so far as to make a burglary while you are still on the premises, if they then suspect you have a gun then they are more likely to pre-emptively attack you to ensure their safety.  In the likely event that a criminal has the advantages in a home invasion (as is likely to be the case: suprise, numbers), the more of a threat you are the less likely you are to survive.
I assume that when you see a man walking toward your wielding a two by four, you would allow him to hit you in the back of the heademoticon_rolleyes.  You assume you saw it coming.
Burglars don't want to hurt you. They want to steal your stuff. Preferably with as little hassle as possible.
If someone had a gun cocealed and on them, do you think they are more or less likely to die in a violent attack? More likely. If they are carrying a concealed gun, then the sate they are in has lax carrying laws. So, everyone with criminal intent will also be carrying. Violent attacks then become instantly more deadly.  And how would they know you have a gun? They would guess, because the state you live in has lax gun laws.  Right, so you should crawl into a closet and hide right? I point you towards the recent trends in 'safe rooms'. Better yet, however, is to get out of the house.  If someone wants to break into your house and hurt you, they will do it, gun or no gun. If you have a gun then you are much more likely to survive a violent home invasion. If you have a gun, or the invaders suspect that you have a gun (see my first reply) then it is much more likely that a home invasion will turn violent.  The scenarios that you and penfold provided are quite ridiculous. A man coming to attack you with a two by four and you don't notice? A violent home invader that knows you have guns in the house, and tries to break in anyway? I would say that your scenario is more ridiculous. The idea that someone would break into your house specifically for the purpose of hurting you is far-fetched in the extreme. You've been watching too much Saw/Funny Games/[other exploitation film]. A home invader does not know whether anyone has guns in the house. However, depending on the laws on guns, you will be much more or much less likely to have one in your possession. If you are a threat (more likely to have a gun), you may well scare people off, but you may well do nothing but make yourself a target. So, a situation for you: Some men break into your house during the day. They saw an open window, assumed everyone would be out, and decided to jump in, grab some stuff and get out again. If your state has particularly/unenforced carrying/concealment laws, they may well be armed. They hear noises upstairs. Normally, that would be enough to send some people away - the mere risk of discovery. It could even be that the risk you have a gun will be just enough extra to scare them away, but a burglar alarm, or obvious CCTV camera(s) would do exactly the same - intimidation. If they don't leave they instead have to react to you. Should this be a pro-gun state they may fear that you are armed (but stay regardless, see the above sentence) and decide to try and get rid of you before you can get to them - you would then be in trouble, regardless of whether you actually have a gun or not, or if you realised that you weren't in a safe position or not. If this isn't a pro-gun state and they have decided to stay regardless of the risk of being caught, they can more or less ignore you. They take what they can grab and leave. You lose property, claim it on insurance, nothing has changed.  Yes, however when they're packing guns then they're there to hurt you, and they should be shot.No, they are packing guns because the state has lax gun laws and because they fear that you might also have a gun (again, because of lax laws).
If you have a lot of legal weapons floating around, then it makes it very much easier to acquire illegal weapons - just steal a legal one. No need for smuggling, black market dealing, converting starting pistols or bb guns. Buying ammo doesn't require a background check or anything.
Yes, however when they're packing guns then they're there to hurt you, and they should be shot.    From the opposite viewpoint, When they (homeowners) are packing guns, they might hurt you, so shoot first!
You didn't give me a source!!emoticon_cry But aside from that, if they have a gun, and they draw, you can shoot them before they shoot you. ...  What if they broke into your home because their wife cheated on them with you? What do you think their intent would be? Either to kill you or cut your tool off... and I don't want either to happen to me!  Quickdraw Ethmi! Outdraws the baddie and shoots him! Hopefully no more than a quaint fantasy, given his admission of philandering.
Obviously not lax enough for a criminal to get one, but lax enough for normal people to get one. Now stop dodging my question and please answer. I'm sorry, I must have a different definition of 'answering the question' to you. As far as I am aware, the format goes Question? Answer + Rationale. Like this. If someone had a gun cocealed and on them, do you think they are more or less likely to die in a violent attack?  More likely. If they are carrying a concealed gun, then the state they are in has lax carrying laws. So, everyone with criminal intent will also be carrying. Violent attacks then become instantly more deadly.  Lax gun laws will prevent even small criminals from getting their hands on them. No state has so lax of gun laws that criminals can get their hands on a carry licence. And even if they did, what kind of criminal would go through all that trouble when they can just conceal it illegally, which is what nearly all criminals do. Surprisingly, CCW holders account for nearly zero percent of gun crime. Most gun crime is committed with illegal guns anyway.  That said, lets stop using the "lax law" argument. Source on the bold? Besides, you miss my point. 'Lax laws' means that it is possible to carry a concealed weapon legally. This means that there is less likely to be enforcement against illegal weapons being carried in this manner. I'm in full agreement that adding laws on their own will not change anything. But enforcing those laws will have an effect. You're focusing on the 'law', and ignoring the 'enforcement', which is ignoring the larger half of my argument.  How many people do you think can really afford a safe room? I point you towards the recent trends in 'safe rooms'. Better yet, however, is to get out of the house.   Criminals aren't stupid. They will not enter a house if they suspect someone inside has a gun unless they're trying to commit suicide. ... I gaurantee you, if a criminal suspects you have a gun, he will be out in a heartbeat. No question about that. Unless he is mentally disabled, he will not risk himself being killed for some stuff. This is provably false - the are burglaries and home invasions carried out in states where gun control is minimal. The threat of gun ownership is not sucessfull in these cases.  Even so, people have a right to defend themselves, not matter how small the chance of attack is. Would you tell this to the victims of a violent home invasion? Then why are all weapons not legal? After all, all of them can be used for 'defence'. Mace, tazers, stun guns... I have nothing against defencive weaponry such as these, which are hard to use in an offensive manner.  Then why were you suggesting above that they do? You're confusing 'know' with 'suspect'. To clarify, criminals do not 'know' if the owner of a house has a gun. They may 'suspect', however, depending on the gun laws of the state.  Chances are, the burglar is coming after you. Solo room clearing is suicide, and chances are you are highly trained with your weapon, and he is not. If you do it right, the odds of you getting shot are slim.Whoever said 'solo'? The only one you know to be alone in these situations is you, unless you happen to be having an NRA meeting at the time.  Again, criminals would usually not go through the trouble of aquiring legal firearms. And, if they are armed, chances are they are not going to be just "stealing some stuff". Why not? If you were to go into a house where there was a risk of being caught, you would want some manner of protection/intimidation against potential homeowners/dogs, regardless of whether the homeowner may be armed or not. I deny that most burglars enter a house with the intent of harming the homeowner.  Ethmi's stuff I think I covered all of this in reply to SnP
Here you're admitting that armed burglars are there to hurt you. All the more reason you should be able to defend yourself.  Neat inversion of logic. Now I see why you cling desperately to the untenable positions you do.
You obviously inhabit a different reality to us, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Criminals don't carry guns into other people's houses for "intimidation"I'm starting to agree with Penfold's latest statement, based on this...  More tomorrow, when I'm not falling asleep as I type. I really ought to get around to the other gun thread, too...  [placeholder]
Right, time to reply.  I'm sorry, you did answer my question. However it was a preposterous answer. You're pretty much telling me that you are more likely to die if you defend yourself than let them kill you.Not at all. Your question was the following: "If someone had a gun concealed and on them, do you think they are more or less likely to die in a violent attack?", not "are you more or less likely to die if you defend yourself". The rationale is, as I also stated, that a state which allows CCW will not spend as much time seeking out illegal CCW-ers. This means that if someone goes out with the intention of violently assaulting someone, they are more likely to carry a firearm as opposed to a slightly more excusable (in the eyes of the law) weapon such as a knife. The question then becomes: If you were attacked with a gun rather than a knife, are you more or less likely to survive? The answer should be obvious, regardless of whether you happened to be CCW or not.  To repeat the question with a twist: would you rather be attacked by a gun when you also were carrying, or attacked with a knife when you were unarmed? Personally, I'd rather the knife - the alternative is to go through life with one hand constantly resting on your gun and the safety off.  This is just common sense. There could not be a source on this because this would require illegal gun owners to step forward and admit that they had committed a crime with their illegal gun. People who would commit crimes would not go through the trouble of buying an illegal gun.I deny this. If you can buy a gun legally and not have to worry about being arrested for unlawful possession, or (I would guess) pay quite so much, would you not take that option? I would say that common sense dictates that the only people with illegal guns are people who would not be allowed to buy legal ones.  There is no such thing as lax laws like that. What you are proposing is anarchy. Lax laws means that criminals are not allowed to carry, however responsible citizens are. You assume several things. Firstly, that criminals are born criminal - that it is impossible for a 'responsible citizen' to commit a crime. Secondly, you assume that there will be as much enforcement against criminal CCW in places where legal CCW is more widespread - that there is no correlation between legal and illegal CCW. To analogise this: in the UK it is illegal to drive your car without basic insurance. However, many people drive legally. As a result, there are very few checks by police to see if a specific driver on a specific day is legal - instead, you have to do something to catch the eye of the police beforehand. If less people drove legally, then there would be more checks for insurance and illegal driving would reduce equally.  If the Brady bunch had their way, over 1,199,287 more people would be dead by the beginning of this year. Roughly one person would die every minute if guns were banned.Hmm... I doubt this very much. Sources are here, here, here and here.  You said "lax laws", but you are talking about "no laws". Really not the case. See above.  Of course, but I highly doubt there is nearly as much. Reasonable gun control laws will not magically bring all burglaries to a halt....so current gun control laws are not reasonable? Anyway, that is not what I claimed. I claimed that gun control will reduce the number of burglars who are carrying guns - which will reduce fatalities and/or injuries in a burglary.  Because not all of them are practical. You can't defend yourself with an M249 SAW, but you can with a Handgun. An RPG won't stop a home invasion, but a shotgun will. Obviously I'm not for legalizing these weapons.By the 2nd amendment, if the American people choose to call any weapon 'arms', then it is their 'right' to bear that weapon. See John McCain's opinion on assault rifles and armour-piercing rounds.  For these two work, the criminal has to be awfully close to you. I would rather make sure They didn't come that close.Not so with a tazer... 15 feet of protection for $300, which is more than you need in most houses, especially if you are defending yourself rather than seeking out an invader.  If they 'suspect', then they will stay out of the house. They would rather go to a house with no guns then most likely be shot in a house with one.Like I said in my last post, provably false. (Potential) criminals don't put round questionnaires to see if a house is armed or not, so the only clue they will have is the laws of the state they are in. Those clearly don't stop home invasions.  Burglars aren't highly trained special ops teams. They're street thugs. They don't know how to clear rooms or even shoot straight for that manner. If you have a gun, you are highly trained because the laws usually require it. Chances are you will take them out before they set foot in your bedroom.'Highly trained'? As far as I can tell, in the US only 6 states require training for gun licence. They are: 8 hour training class in Arizona (for CCW only) 'Training course' in Arkansas (for CCW only) 'State Approved Firearms Training' in Michigan (for CCW only) 15 hours & proficiency test in New Mexico (again, for CCW only) State approved training course in North Carolina (CCW only again) 12 hours of handgun training plus tests in Ohio (CCW, the wiki was unexplicit about other licences)  Somehow, I don't think that this counts as 'highly trained'. And on what basis do you state that criminals will be incompetent gun users?  Criminals don't carry guns into other people's houses for "intimidation". Even if they did, this is all the more reason a homeowner should have a gun. Because if you don't bring a gun to a gunfight, chances are you're not going to survive. Pfft. I disagree with this massively - for example, of the 32 cases where a gun was used in a home invasion (study is here), only 6 people were shot and no-one died.  So? They broke into your house and you were inside. Thats all I need to know.So you've changed from "if they are armed, chances are they are not going to be just "stealing some stuff"." to "if there's someone in your house, shoot them!". Doesn't this strike you as a little paranoid?
Do you have any idea how many handguns are stolen from the registered owner annually in the United States? Something like 200,000 I believe.
Look you baboon, I don't want nonsense I want answers. What makes those here in favor of gun control and gun bans believe that by outlawing guns they'll make things better for everyone? Well that was a good start. Are you planning on insulting everyone who replies to your post?  Of course it would be more difficult for criminals to get hold of guns if there were fewer of them around. It would also make it more difficult for children to get hold of them, or feuding neighbours who, on the spur of the moment, think that waving a gun around might bring about a solution to their problems.  If you don't think you're going to like the answers to your question, then don't ask the question.  Smiley
First off, I would like to see a statistic for this 200,000 number... "From 1985 to 1994, the FBI received an annual average of over 274,000 reports of stolen guns." http://www.ncjrs.gov/txtfiles/165476.txt I'm guessing this continues.
Firstly, sinjin is not a baboon. His avatar is colorful, but not indicative of his mental capacities.Thank you JT. For the record I support the gun enthusiast's interpretation of the 2nd Amendment.  I think he is alluding to the obvious fact that if people had not been allowed to purchase and register their guns, some 200,000 guns/year would NOT have been stolen, thus some 200,000 guns/year would be removed from the cache of guns available to criminals.Precisely so.  However, the fallacy of that thought is that guns are in demand by criminals...they will be procured by criminals whether they steal them from law abiding citizens or purchase them on the black market from other criminals.The "black market" doesn't deal in homemade weapons. They're stolen for the most part too.
And if they're stolen that means that they're illegally possessed by a currently illegal supplier. And since they're illegally possessed by an illegal supplier, that means that they're obviously not bothered by the current laws cocnerning firearms possession by criminals, meaning that banning gun ownership won't even make them blink.Who do you think they stole them from? Hint: They didn't have to go far. I needn't worry about you stealing my apples if I have no apple tree. If the supply of weapons is reduced demand is unchanged, granted. The ability to satisfy that demand is though. We can't do anything immediate about the guns already out there in the hands of criminals. NSS! We can over time make it harder and harder to get one.   How would you feel about steep fines for losing a registered weapon regardless of how?
Then what is the justification for trying to make me into a criminal and take my rights away from me?You asked a question, I answered. I see now you're just looking for a fight.  You're actually telling me that ending my private right to legally own a gun will somehow prevent a criminal being being able to gain access to a gun through illegal channels? Because if that's what you're saying that you're several different kinds of stupid all wrapped together.Watch your mouth or your time here will shortly come to an end.
Did Prohibition of alcohol do any good? Nope, just made the criminals all the more powerful. Did Prohibition of drugs do any good? Nope, just made the criminal all the more powerful. Will Prohibition of legal firearms do any good? Not a chance in hell.   Banning legal ownership has never, ever, EVER done anything toward ending the illegal use of something. Never has, never will. It's absolutely impossible and just shows far for withdrawn people are from the real world in their thinking. I tend to agree with most of your logic here although I think you overstate a bit. Banning legal ownership of human beings seems to have been mildly effective in this country. Additionally, I think there's a considerable difference between drugs and alcohol, which are rather easy to produce, and the manufacture of a quality sidearm. Countries which have chosen to ban the production and sale of handguns to the public have been successful in reducing gun violence as a consequence. There's no denying it.  Where I completely agree with you is that no amount of restriction on supply will of itself quelch demand. That would require a cultural shift in our country. We must choose not to embrace the traditon that teaches the virtues of being armed. Only then will the aberrations spawned by that tradition be diminished. Fat chance.
...being armed allows us to better protect ourselves against violent attacks by the irrational percentage of the American population?My turn to ask what the hell?
Well American isn't other countries. What worked for them won't work for us. Their background is one that places no value on rights, while we do; ...    ALL of them?emoticon_rolleyes
You explain the meaning of your statement, I'll explain the meaning of mine.Our collective minds have to be disabused of the fantasy of the John Wayne/Clint Eastwood/Charles Bronson hero types. I don't see that happening anytime soon.
It appears to me that the primary motivation of the pro-gun lobby is fear. From fearing their government, and their neighbours, to fear of criminals (who they presume are all armed}, to fearing other "less normal" gun owners. No amount of Lynx is going to cover that up!
You wanna get rid of the notion that Americans need guns? Start by getting rid of all violent criminals; the primary reason why we carry guns. Eliminate them from the equation, make them something that used to exist but no longer does.The criminals love their guns for the same reason you do. They feel powerful with them. Countries with few guns still have criminals. What they don\'t have is the numbers of people killed every year with guns.
Not having a gun equating with being defenceless is a false dichotomy which only applies if you allow yourself to believe it to be so.
Oh really? I'd like to test out that theory. You find me somebody who believes that they're not defensless even when unarmed, and I'll confront them with my chain and we'll see who does better. If it's all a matter of how you think on it then whoever you bring to the table should have no problem standing up to somebody armed with 25 feet of heavy flexing steel that knows how to use it.  You have a twenty-five foot flexing gun? ;)   ..Or just trouble understanding plain english?
My reason is that I'm confident enough to not feel helpless.This makes no sense to me. Choosing not to carry a weapon is fulfilling a desire to feel helpless? That's just silly. I would submit you have issues of alienation and problems with a lack of empathy which manifest as a form of paranoia that is assuaged by fondling a device that can kill. Even you think you're psycho.   That doesn't necessarily make it a good thing. Are you saying that lots of shootings can be a good thing?
The way I understood it, you said that not being armed and equating it to being defenseless was a false statement that only applies if one chooses to do so. So I suggested we test that out. You find somebody thinks they're not helpless when unarmed, and I'll bring my chain to the fight and we'll see how that person fares against an armed assailant.  I said that not having a gun did not equate wih being defenceless. The misinterpretation that not having a gun is being helpless and unarmed happened in your head.
I think many of you are missing the point.  Sinjin, if you think that a total gun ban magically stops crime, read this.  these are statistics from Australia after their oh so benevelent removal of all weapons.  "One year after gun-owners were forced to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed, including semi-automatic .22 rifles and shotguns, a program costing the government over 500 million dollars, the results are in... "  OBSERVABLE FACT, AFTER 12 MONTHS OF DATA:   Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2%  Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6%  Australia-wide, armed-robberies are up 44% (yes, FORTY-FOUR PERCENT)  In the state of Victoria, homicides-with-firearms are up 300%  Figures over the previous 25 years show a steady decrease in homicides-with-firearms (changed dramatically in the past 12 months)  Figures over the previous 25 years show a steady decrease in armed-robbery-with-firearms (changed dramatically in the past 12 months)  There has been a dramatic increase in breakins-and-assaults-of- the-elderly  At the time of the ban, the Prime Minister said "self-defense is not a reason for owning a firearm"  From 1910 to present, homicides in Australia had averaged about 1.8-per-100,000 or lower, a safe society by any standard.  The ban has destroyed Australia's standings in some international sport shooting competitions  The membership of the Australian Sports Shooting Association has risen to 112,000, a 200% increase, in response to the ban and as an attempt to organize against further controls, which are expected.  Australian politicians are on the spot and at a loss to explain how no improvement in "safety" has been observed after such monumental effort and expense was successfully expended in "ridding society of guns". Their response has been to "wait longer".   Also look at headlines from Britain.  Contrary to popular belief, gun bans DO NOT deter crime at all. I went to this link and it looks like for the most part homicide has been decreasing in Australia-  http://www.aic.gov.au/stats/crime/homicide.html  Firearms deaths have also decreased.  "In 1991, there were 629 firearm related deaths compared to 333 deaths in 2001. This represents a 47 per cent decrease in firearm related deaths over the period 1991 to 2001." http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/cfi/cfi066.html
No right is ever absolute in its scope or design, everything has limitations on it. If there were no limitations it would be total anarchy.  Now if I were bhbcu64, I would naturally ask at this point;   "If no right is absolute and everything has limitations, how can you argue against limitations imposed on 2a rights?"  A troubling concession. Well played BHB.
Stupid restrictions seek to address problems that don't exist and often times hurt people rather than helping anyone, such as requiring gun owners to report the loss or theft of their firearm 72 hours after they knew or "should have known" of the disappearance.You don't see a problem with some 200,000 guns being stolen annually? IIRC the second largest source of weapons falling into the hands of criminals.
 Belgian firearm manufacturer FN Herstal specializes in military and law enforcement weaponry but has also made its Five-Seven handgun available to private buyers in the United States. The Five-Seven includes a 20-round clip and is capable of firing ammunition that penetrates the body armor commonly worn by law enforcement officials. The FN Herstal website boasts that with the Five-Seven handgun, "Enemy personnel, even wearing body armor can be effectively engaged up to 200 meters. Kevlar helmets and vests as well as the CRISAT protection will be penetrated."   These new guns clearly have no sporting purpose and no place on our streets. We should not ignore the concerns of our law enforcement officers with regard to these dangerous weapons.   The law enforcement community is most concerned about the Five-Seven's ability to kill police officers, even while wearing protective body armor. Bernard Thompson, Director of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives commented on the Five-Seven, "No one is safe from a weapon like this. Police body armor won't offer protection if a criminal has this pistol."   The Legislative Director of the International Brotherhood of Police Officers Steve Lenkhart called the Five-Seven "an assault rifle that fits in your pocket."  [/B] senate.gov/~levin/newsroom/release.cfm?id=232639  I hope one thing we can all agree on is this weapon should be banned. Lets support our local police. They protect us and we can protect them by banning this weapon.
The only thing that should be banned is you. You pulled this #### at the other board and got owned, now you're gonna get owned again.  The FN-57 is incapable of penetrating any body armor, because the AMMUNITION is what does the actual penetrating! That the AP ammunition that'll actually penetrate body armor is regulated to military and police buyers exclusively; banned from civilian ownership!  All tests with the commerically available ammunition from the 57 have proven to be incapable of penetrating standard police body armor due to weak performance from the short barrel.  When are you gonna stop the lies Brady? Your mistaken. It was already tested with ammuniton available to everyone and shown to penetrate body armor.   Q: What types of bullets were used when the gun was test fired by the Brady Center? Are those bullets legal?  A: The Brady Center recently purchased the Five-seveN from a Virginia retail gun dealer, along with 5.7 x 28 mm SS192 rounds of ammunition. The Brady Center test fired the weapon with these rounds and found it easily penetrated typical threat level IIA, Kevlar police body armor. This ammunition is legal to be sold to civilians.
Why was it able to pierce armor when people from the Brady Center fired it?And why 20 rounds? According to the AWB that makes it an assault weapon.
It's easy to come up with scenarios where you think a gun is the only escape, but then there are plenty of alternatives where guns take lives unnecessarily, be they because children get hold of them, or nutcases, or someone who's just had a bad day.  The advantage of being confronted by a knife wielding maniac (as opposed to a gun wielding maniac) is that he/she has to come within arm's reach.  Smiley
smiley,  The advantage of being confronted by a knife wielding maniac (as opposed to a gun wielding maniac) is that he/she has to come within arm's reach.  Guns do make killing a relatively impersonal matter, don't they?emoticon_xhoho
And if guns are banned, the only people who will have them will be the Government and criminals. How is that a good thing when the whole reason for the Constitution allowing them was for individual self defense and to stand against Government Tyranny? Banning individual ownership of guns defeats the whole purpose and the principles upon which this Country was founded.  Except I can't see Jesus owning, carrying, or using a gun. Can you?
I have only one thing to say to you Ghosty.  Bang, you're dead!  That's how long it takes. In fact, in the time it takes me to type this sentence, I've killed 15 other people with my god given righfully owned gun.  In that time I dare say I might have managed to kill 3 or 4 people with a knife.  That's what makes the big difference.  Smiley
And if I die, I die, there's nothing I can do to change that. Hell I might get killed driving to the store because somebody driving a semi lost control of his rig and ran by car over.    That's not really a fair comparison. For all we know your literacy skills aren't all that great and you could've spent an hour hammering out this entire post to make sure that it looked halfway decent. A lot of things can happen inside of an hour.  Also in the time it took you to kill all those people, somebody would be alerted and probably kill you in response. True, you might die falling over a twig, but the point is that an idiot with a gun can kill 2 or 3 people before you can blink, which could hardly be said for someone with a knife. Also, you can run from somone with a knife, but turn your back on a gunman and you may not get 2 paces.  And yes, it is fair comparison (my typing is reasonable), and do you really think that it would take an hour to knife 2-3 people, or to gun down 15? Nice try at derailing the argument but it didn't work. The comparison was between the number of people who can be picked off by a gunman and those stabbed by a knifeman in similar lengths of time.  As for somone killing me, I dare say I could get 3 or 4 before anyone was able to react. Or I could just go into a school or some other place where guns aren't regularly carried. Then I could plough my way through a whole host of people before anyone got to me. And remember, running away isn't a great defense against a gun.  Scenario: Man runs into street and starts stabbing people, after the second one has gone down people realise what's going on and either run away from him (to escape - remember out of reach is out of danger) or towards him (to grab him - chances are he will only manage to stab one of them before he is incapacitated).  Alternatively: Man runs into street with gun. Bang, bang, bang, that's 3 gone already. People start running. Bang, bang, there go 2 more. Assuming someone in the area has a gun and kills him at this point, problem solved (but 5 dead already). If not, those running towards him are probably dead meat. Those running away will be next.  Have you spotted the the difference yet?  Smiley
What if you're in a wheelchair and can't run away?    Yeah it could take you an hour to pull off something like that. I for one don't think you have the skills necessary to shoot accurately enough to hit 15 people, especially if they're moving.    Trouble with the comparisonn is that it's highly flawed. The minute that shots begin to ring out people are going to start running and moving and make it hard to get off a clear shot and hit a target. With a knife nobody hears anything until it's too late.    And I dare say that I'd like to see you even try.    Some people are physically unable to run at all. They'll die soonest.    You're assuming that every shot will hit a person rather than missing entirely. You're also assuming that each shot will provide an instant kill, when in many cases they don't.    I spotted the difference a long time ago. Unlike yourself my arguments tend to use more in the way of logic than you do. What you use is baseless anti-gun rhetoric designed purely to scare people. I loved the wheelchair scenario. What if the person in the wheelchair is 20 feet away (out of arm's reach)? Do they then have a better chance if the maniac has a knife or a gun?  Maybe you're right about my gun skills, or maybe I would just pick a crowded marketplace where no aiming is necessary. Either way the gun is a far easier way of killing large numbers of people in a far more indiscriminant way than a knife.  No, the comparison is not flawed. You say that the knife is quiet, so nobody hears anything before it's too late. You think when they hear the gun shot there's still time to get out of the way? You are also still ignoring the range of an attack with a gun.  At close range (5-10 feet), I dare say I could hit my target. Do you think you could get further than that before the bullet hit home? I'd be far more willing to take my chances against a maniac with a knife.  As for me trying to scare people, all you have to do is look at how many people die from gun related incidents in the US to be scared. If you aren't scared by that then I don't think there's any hope for you.  Smiley
archie,  It is precisely those numbers that motivates me to support the right for law abiding Americans to own weapons for self defense smiley.  You have repeatedly proclaimed your Christian faith all over these fora.  Now tell us, based on your faith and understanding of your Lord and Savior, would He pack heat?emoticon_xkill   Not that we expect it, but a simple yes or no will suffice.
The bible is very clear in its warning that "those who live by the sword (a weapon) will die by the sword". By that it teaches that the criminal who lives by violence will die by violence, and we see that result every day in the lives of violent offenders who are killed.  And remember when Peter cut the ear off of the Centurion who came to arrest Jesus? Jesus rebuked him because Jesus knew He had to die for Humanity; so He healed the guards ear, but He never told Peter to lay down his sword. Neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism at all. In fact, he told this to his disciples. Luke 22:36: "Then He said to them, But now, he that has a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that has no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one." So Jesus believed in self defense, but not offensive violence. Here's a link that explains the scriptural perspective very well.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu_Uhj_lHxmkA8z1XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByMTNuNTZzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMgRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=12mh5et8u/EXP=1207623841/**http%3a//fp.users.fast.net/InfoQuest/God%2520on%2520Self-Defense.txt  I was particularly interested in the assertion that neither Jesus nor the bible ever promoted pacifism. Now let's see:  Matthew 5:38-42 38"You have heard that it was said, 'Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.'[g] 39But I tell you, Do not resist an evil person. If someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. 40And if someone wants to sue you and take your tunic, let him have your cloak as well. 41If someone forces you to go one mile, go with him two miles. 42Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you.  Luke 6:27-36 27"But I tell you who hear me: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, 28bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. 29If someone strikes you on one cheek, turn to him the other also. If someone takes your cloak, do not stop him from taking your tunic. 30Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back. 31Do to others as you would have them do to you.  32"If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? Even 'sinners' love those who love them. 33And if you do good to those who are good to you, what credit is that to you? Even 'sinners' do that. 34And if you lend to those from whom you expect repayment, what credit is that to you? Even 'sinners' lend to 'sinners,' expecting to be repaid in full. 35But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be great, and you will be sons of the Most High, because he is kind to the ungrateful and wicked. 36Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.   I would have thought this was a pretty well known quote, so I'm surprise you haven't come across it. I believe they call it the Sermon on the Mount. Perhaps you should pay more attention to your lord and saviour's teachings rather than misinterpretting your own cherrypicked sections.  Smiley
That's all well and good, but that doesn't say that we shouldn't protect ourselves against harm.  Not a word in those verses is against active deterrent. I agree that it is perfectly valid to protect oneself, but should that really go as far as killing?  The point of my latest post was merely to point out to Archie that to say that neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism is like saying that Mahatma Gandhi was into full contact karate. His assertions on the subject of christianity get more rediculous every day. Can we agree on that?  And CUNxTime, I agree with your view on the validity of the bible, but I also think that the teaching of Jesus, as portrayed in the bible, are a decent philosophy, assuming you don't just twist them every which way so that they fit in with your own views.  Smiley
I am well aware of these passages smiley. But unfortunately for your point, they aren't referring to self defense at all. But are dealing with loving ones enemies and praying for those who hate you and reject God. For further analysis, here's a decent link that deals with both passages.  http://www.religion.emory.edu/faculty/robbins/SRI/Examples/texts/matthew/matt3.html Let's face it Archie, you stated categorically that neither the bible nor Jesus ever promoted pacifism. If you truly believe that then there is quite simply no hope for you whatsoever. The whole point of Jesus' teachings was to do with forgiveness and, yes, pacifism. Those were the central tenets. The fact that you twist every scripture you quote to fit you blasphemous philosophy shows that you have no idea of what christian philosophy really is.  With every assertion you make you become more and more ludicrous. It is quite obvious that you are no more a christian than I am.  In fact, I feel insulted on behalf of all true christians that you could call yourself such.  Smiley
So four armed men burst through your front door at 8:15 pm while your sitting in your den/living room. How far away is your pistol? Is it locked? Is it loaded?
from Luke:   47While he was still speaking a crowd came up, and the man who was called Judas, one of the Twelve, was leading them. He approached Jesus to kiss him, 48but Jesus asked him, "Judas, are you betraying the Son of Man with a kiss?"  49When Jesus' followers saw what was going to happen, they said, "Lord, should we strike with our swords?" 50And one of them struck the servant of the high priest, cutting off his right ear.   51But Jesus answered, "No more of this!" And he touched the man's ear and healed him.
All you have proven here smiley, is that you don't even know what the word pacifism means. Here, for your information is what it means, and no way can you find scriptural support that the bible teaches it at all.    Note the bolded: Under any circumstances. So if Jesus was a pacifist, why did He order the disciples to purchase swords in Luke 22:36? Can you answer that? Why would they need swords if they were not supposed to use them under any circumstances? And if God is a pacifist then how do you explain all the times He ordered the OT Jews to defend themselves and to destroy their enemies? How do you explain that smiley?   So here's the bottom line smiley, you may want to project your anger onto me and claim that my understanding of christianity is flawed, but the fact is that you have no idea at all what Jesus, or true christianity represents at all.   And the proof of that is that I have supported my beliefs with extensive documentation above while all you have done is yell at me and insult me with no scriptural evidence "in proper context" to support your claims AT ALL. And since we're talking about Jesus and the bibles perspective on pacifism, actual scriptural evidence is required to prove your point. If Jesus was indeed telling his disciple to go out and arm themselves, why would he in verse 38 tell them that two swords was enough?  You claim that you offer extensive documentation of your beliefs yet all you have ever done is twist its meaning and redefine words to fit your abhorant views on life. You have no idea what proper context actually means as you have yet to use it.  The bible portrays Jesus as the ultimate pacifist as he gave his life rather than fight against those who wished to kill him. Yet you would rather kill those you feel may be of some threat to you.  I agree that the Old Testament god was no pacifist as he seemed almost eager for his followers to go round killing all insundry (that is when he wasn't taking it upon himself to wipe out whole nations). Yet he is supposed to be a supporter of all things good and peaceful. How schizophrenic can you get?  As I have said, you understand nothing of true christian values. Your philosophy is the antithesis of christianity.  So take your blasphemy somewhere else.  Smiley  PS I have done no yelling. You use big coloured letters and capitals all over the place, so perhaps it is time to have that logectomy done again.
I have been told by more than one cop, be it a friend, or at the shooting range, that if my home is ever invaded or if I'm ever attacked and the option to kill or wound the aggressor exists; to always kill without hesitation. To wound a criminal is to invite a lifetime of lawsuits and medical expenses for a lowlife who would have killed me if the situation was reversed. Beside, if they will break into a strangers home in the middle of the night then they are presumed to be very bold and very dangerous.   That's also why I have an alarm system though, so it will never come to a confrontation as the horn will scare them off. But if it didn't and they proceeded to confront me, I wouldn't bother trying to reason with them over the noise of the alarm. Here's what the police say about shooting to kill.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu.zLVPpHUXMAWmFXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByMTNuNTZzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMgRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=12t6k1a1f/EXP=1207674443/**http%3a//www.policeone.com/writers/columnists/ForceScience/articles/127238/ I doubt very much that your lord and saviour would stoop to killing those he thought may be a threat to him. So your philosophy is a very human one, not that of a true christian.  Smiley
So four armed men burst through your front door at 8:15 pm while your sitting in your den/living room. How far away is your pistol? Is it locked? Is it loaded? 1 - I have no pistol. 2 - n/a 3 - n/a  I am trained to a reasonable level in several different martial arts, and could probably take on more than one man (4 maybe too many). Also, it may depend how they were armed.  It would take a lot for me to actually wish death upon someone. I would be happy to hand out a few bruises or broken limbs if the threat was real, but just thinking someone might be a threat is no reason to kill them.  Smiley
Recently passed in Georgia was a bill that allows persons with concealed carry permits to carry their weapons into restuarants, parks and other public places. (Applause!)  It will be interesting to read the statistics regarding handgun shooting deaths before and after the change. I'm wondering whether the killings of evil perps by law-abiding citizens should be counted in a separate tally....say 'good deaths by gunfire'. I am also fascinated by the Shoot First Law that has been introduced in Florida. You can now use a gun against any perceived threat.  The question is whether this legitamises shooting Jeb Bush. Anyone stupid enough to think this law is a good idea is a definite threat, not merely perceived.  Smiley
Oh really, then how do you explain Soddom and Gamorrah? Completely wiped out, everybody killed. Easy, that was the god if the old testament, not Jesus.  Archie claims to be a Christian. A follower of the teachings of Jesus, who is portrayed as a man of peace not a killer of nations.
Wrong yet again. Jesus died because He knew it was His purpose on Earth and that there was no point in fighting what He was sent here to do. That isn't pacifism, that's fulfilling your cause.  Pacifism isn't dying to serve the greater good, pacifism is refusing to lay a hand on the person seeking to murder you and rape your wife. Yet he did give the turn the other cheek speach. Are these not pacifist ideals?  Archie would have you believe that this is only about forgiving your enemy and that this is somehow not what this whole debate is about.  As to whether Jesus died because he believed he was fulfilling his destiny, I'm afraid I don't believe that (though the bible would tend to suggest it). I believe that Jesus was, in effect, a heretic and died for that reason. He was seen as a threat to the powers that be and died for that cause. He didn't fight back.  Smiley
And as a Born Again Christian I stand by everything I have written here and the documentation I have supplied to support what I believe. As usual you have corrupted the gospel in order to imply that the bible supports you secular humanistic interpretation of what the bible say's and who Jesus is. And you supported your assertions with absolutely no legitimate theological or scriptural evidence at all. All we have gotten from you is lip service and attacks on my understanding of what the bible really say's. Stop trying to play the victim, Archie. There is evidence splattered all over this forum of your twisting and turning; your redefining of words, fleeing debates that you have quite clearly lost, and twisting biblical passages to fit your own personal philosophy.  And I stand by my assertion that your philosophy is not that of a christian, as you have in the past wished pain and suffering on those in gaol (I'm sure Jesus would have approved of that), lied about your own words even when they have been presented to you (another doozie), gloried in the deaths of innocents just becuase your war hungry leader has chosen to undertake an illegal and immoral war against them.  You parade your professed religion as a status symbol because it suits you, nothing more.  Smiley  Oh, and there goes that mysterious word say's again. It's not one I've come across anywhere before.
Jesus is God as shown here that He, as the Word of God called everything that is, into being in the beginning.   Jhn 1:1  IN the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. Jhn 1:2  He was in the beginning with God. Jhn 1:3  All things were made through Him, and without Him nothing was made that was made. Jhn 1:4  In Him was life, and the life was the light of men. Jhn 1:5  And the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness did not comprehend[fn1] it.   And here we see that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday (Old Testament Age), Today (New Testament Age), and forever (All future Ages to come...) So why do you distinguish between the OT and NT God?   Hbr 13:8 Jesus Christ [is] the same yesterday, today, and forever.  And if you want to see Jesus as a killer of Nations, just wait until He returns at the end of this Age as He pours His wrath out on a sinful World that rejected the free gift of salvation that He WILLINGLY died for, which you have admitted you reject. I suggest you don't hold your breath.  Isn't it amazing how sometimes Jesus is willingly dying for us, but at others he is only doing so because he cannot fight his own destiny. Curious!!
You're unbelievable smiley. You admit that you know what the bible say's is the reason Jesus freely gave His life for, but you prefer to believe the cover story of why the murderers wanted Him dead as the legitimate reason for Him being crucified. Why doesn't that surprise me at all.   Because if you actually accepted that Jesus willingly died for the sins of humanity, then you must also admit that you are a sinner in need of the salvation that He died for you for. But you refuse to accept that need so you prefer to believe the lie which explains perfectly why you distort what you know the bible really say's in order to believe the lie. Congratulations smiley, you have admitted that you can see the truth but reject it because you refuse to accept the free gift that Jesus died to give to you. And what is that free gift you're rejecting? ETERNAL LIFE WITH HIM. No, Archie. I have admitted that I have can see the lie and that is why I have rejected it. If I could see that it was the truth, then I would not have rejected it.  Maybe some day you will be able to tell the difference.  Smiley
archie,  I am so unworthy of salvation because I am the greatest sinner in life.   Braggart!!emoticon_mad
Poor archie,  Actually, religion was injected into this post by Capo way back on post#16, not by me at all.  He is under the delusion that there is someone posting here called Capo.  I wrote the post he is referring to, and that is not my handle at all.  Incidentally, there's not a whiff of religion in it at all.  I simply asked WWJSay, given what we know of his WORDS.  If archie wants to infuse his own confused faith into that question, then that's HIS issue.:xbanghead
So, everyone who dies in a stabbing/beating/shooting is just, stupid? Maybe they wanted to die? Trust me, if there were alternatives to getting killed I don't think many people would die of crime. Please, please show me where I said that those who die of shootings/stabbings/etc are stupid, or that they want to die. I fail to see how you could possibly have inferred that from what I said.  I agree that it is preferable to find an alternative to being killed, but you seem far too eager to kill instead of finding an alternative to that. Isn't it possible that their might be a situation where everyone survives?  Smiley
Why would he need to? Hes freaking Jesus!    And smiley, I like your past analogies involving a man with a gun and a crowded marketplace. Don't you think, if guns weren't banned, that someone would pull out a gun and kill the murdering maniac?  What you don't realize, is that people who want to shoot people will. There are plenty of ways to get a gun thats not a gun store. Think about this, if you were a mugger and there were two cities that you are considering to mug some people in. One city, everyone carried a gun, the other city guns were banned. Where would you go?  The only gun violence deaths that can be prevented with the kind of gun control you're pressing is those of the mentally unstable, and children getting a hold of guns. If we had better guidelines in place, the mentally ill wouldn't get a hold of a gun, and if people were responsible with their weapons, children would not get a hold of them. There is no need to go crazy and ban guns, which would probably kill more than it saves, not to mention the infringement on our civil liberties. What you fail to realise is that those who want to shoot people would find it a great deal more difficult to actually do it if guns weren't so very easy to acquire. Presumably your mugger would choose the city where no-one carries a gun (apart from the police or security personnel). But what if he also had no gun (he is only a mugger, not an experienced professional criminal), because he can't find one in every house he cares to break into. Wouldn't that also make the citizen on the street safer?  Notice the two big ifs in your last paragraph. Do you feel safe knowing that you have a long way to go before these two ifs are conquered? I also fail to see how making it a bit harder to kill anyone who looks like they might be a threat is a infringement on your civil liberties. Live with it, and let them live too. I gave up guns when I was about 10. I suggest it's time you did the same.  Smiley
Despite Archie's selective statistics, violent crime has fallen in the UK in recent years, but linking it to a relatively minor alteration in gun laws (even before the handgun ban there were heavy restrictions on their use) is a bit daft. The article quotes "gun crimes" but that includes possession of a firearm so is a bit of a red herring.  Additionally, Christ's commands on turning the other cheek are clearly pacifist in nature, and this is evidenced by the early church emulating Christ in not fighting a martyr's death.
Archie,  They also show a general rise in non gun violence which shows that people will find a way to hurt others by whatever means if they are determined to do it.   Which is, of course, the whole point.   Guns make it possible for cowards to hurt others.  All other methods require that the assaultor get in the assaultee's face.emoticon_mad
So what? The end result is gonna be death. Why does it matter how they were killed? But the end result is much less likely to be death if no guns are involved. A gun gives you a sense of invulnerability (which is why you are so reluctant to give them up), thereby making a criminal much more likey to undertake a break-in/mugging etc if he has one.  The criminal feels safer, the victim feels safer, but they're not.  Smiley
But if a handgun gave you a sense of invulnerability if you possessed it, how would you feel if you were staring down the barrel of the source of your invulnerability? Also, would you argue that the criminal, with the same weapon as the victim, is safer than the victim? Why would this be when they are essentially on an even playing field?  It also seems that you assume that once a victim pulls out a gun to defend themself the criminal is always fatally wounded. I bet you'd be surprised at the number of crimes stopped by someone with a gun where not a single shot was fired. Another question you might like to ask is . .   Does the victim having a gun make the criminal more or less likely to use the gun in their possession? I would imagine possession of a gun might actually make the victim less safe.  Smiley
http://www.crimestatistics.org.uk/output/Page63.asp  Violent crime peaked in 1995 and has fallen by almost 1/2 since then.
Another question you might like to ask is . .   Does the victim having a gun make the criminal more or less likely to use the gun in their possession? I would imagine possession of a gun might actually make the victim less safe.  SmileyIIRC shooting victims are shot with their own weapon about 30% of the time.
Got any statistics to back that up with?If I can find the link again. It was posted here previously.
Criminals don't obtain guns from houses, because if they break into a house with a gun in it, they will be shot. There is something called the black market, and it is extremely easy to buy things from here. Ever wonder how its so easy to get marijuana? Guns will be just as common as marijuana if they are banned. People don't get marijuana by burglarizing houses.  Actually, they do. Since the the law on firearms was tightened up (about 2002) there has been a marked increase in the number of burglaries of farmhouses as this is one of the few places where a burglar can find a firearm. (Burglarizing? Is that a real word or did you mean Burgling?)
Actually, criminals do not get guns they use in crimes from stealing or burglarizing(yes, it is a word).  Even if this were true, it would not take guns out of the hands of criminals. They will find guns elsewhere.  How exactly does a link to some American site about American criminals relate to the situation in the UK where since the ban on owning firearms only allows ownership (essentially) to Farmers and Reenactors Farmhouses have been targeted for burglary specifically to steal the guns which are then used later in other crimes?  http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb102.pdf
"Guns get banned, people will die." It follows from this empty claim that if guns are NOT banned, then people will not die. This article of faith is patent rubbish.
Really? Do you know how many people get shot in the UK? Handgun violence has gone up.  Criminals don't obtain guns from houses, because if they break into a house with a gun in it, they will be shot. There is something called the black market, and it is extremely easy to buy things from here. Ever wonder how its so easy to get marijuana? Guns will be just as common as marijuana if they are banned. People don't get marijuana by burglarizing houses.  So this was talking about the US?emoticon_rolleyes
Really? Do you know how many people get shot in the UK? Handgun violence has gone up. But your own link says that the rise in crime was partially explained by the new system the UK police were using for recording crime and that the British Crime Survey showed a decrease in crime since 1997.
He doesn't seem to have realised that the measures are having an effect on the supply of firearms, hence the increase in burglaries of farmhouses and the incidence of criminals using converted BB guns rather than conventional guns simply because the supply has been restricted. But are we expecting a trigger happy type to acknowledge that?
We are fairly happy that we have a good society, which is one reason to avoid it turning into one like yours. ;)
Restricted access to firearms means it is less likely that a criminal will have access to one, desperate ad-hoc solutions such as those described occur as the change is not immediate. No can wave a magic wand and remove the effects of American style gun culture which make criminal ownership of a gun desirable as a status symbol more important to individuals than the actual reliability of such weapons. Shotguns are the weapons of armed robberies which are declining due to increased use of electronic transactions, as such farmhouse robberies for the weapons should decline with that.
We are not talking about the US.
UK just the hard of understanding...emoticon_rolleyes  REstrictions on the access to firearms took place in the UK specifically removing handguns from the Legal market and making it harder to obtain other firearms. This has had the effects of a temporary increase in the theft of shotguns from farms which are then used in armed robberies, typically of Post Offices or armoured vans, (Corner shops and petrol stations subjected to armed robbery usually face knives or baseball bats) this crime is on the decrease generally due to the use of plastic. Credit card fraud is the growing crime in that area. City gangs/drug dealers prefer handguns as they are easier to conceal and wield, these have become scarce but following American culture view such weapons as status enhancing. The result is that they often use the BB gun conversions which are prone to misfire. The "black market" aquires its weapons from ostensibly legal sources, thus removing that link has a knock on effect. There aren't black market factories producing Brownings or Smith & Wessons, they ultimately come from a 'legal' source.  Burglars usual armament is either a knife or crowbar, never a gun. Just to repeat in case any more yanks want to try the fallacy of "moving the goalposts".  UK
"Partially". That was the police statistics. The British Crime Survey, another measure of crime in the UK, reported a decrease in crime.  http://www.crimestatistics.org.uk/output/Page54.asp
And wouldn't you agree that this is bad? The mail men don't have guns to defend against shotgun wielding robbers, and store owners don't have any viable self defense weapons to defend themselves against armed robbers. Post Office staff usually sit behind bullet proof glass screens these days as do bank and building society personel for much the same reasons. the days of armed robbey in this sence are numbered.      The whole point of a black market is to sell illegal things. Do you think that the black market drug dealers in the US get their drugs from legal sources too? NO The purpose of the black market is to produce profit for indiviuals as per capitalist theory. Drugs, bootleg liquer, and pirate CDs are commodities.  Unless your ciminals are using Asian copies (unlikely) they originally came from a factory by one of the following companies; Smith & Wesson; http://www.smith-wesson.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/CustomContentDisplay?langId=-1&storeId=10001&catalogId=10001&content=11001 Browning; http://www.browning.com/ Hekler & Koch; http://www.hk-usa.com/  And if legal sources are banned, they will go to illegal sources, and guns will be smuggled into the UK. They try, X-ray machines as used at all ports and airports are rather good at detecting the metal guns are made of. If the sale of slaves is banned in the US Yanks will simply have them smuggled in!     And thats good, right? Because we all like to be beaten with crowbars and stabbed with knives, and also have no way to defend ourself. I would rather the burglar have a gun, and I have a gun, because chances are I'm much more trained than him. I would rather be hospitalised by an intruder than killed. Murders by burglars are stupidly rare. I don't think I've ever heard of anyone being shot by a burglar in the UK.
A slave is much harder to smuggle in than a gun. What makes you think they are going to just walk into an airport with a suitcase full of guns? Guns will be smuggled into the UK the same way drugs are smuggled into the US. Usual method attempted is via the post or in container shipments, HM Customs & Excise X-rays all containers coming into the UK, they pick up guns, stolen cars, illegal immigrants etc. Drugs don't show up, for that you need a dog.
And, making my point again, I still see a lot of drugs. Nothing is 100% or even close to it.Your entire argument can be analogised by this. Criminals are going to get drugs anyway, why not make all drugs legal? The simple answer is that criminalising an item reduces supply of that item.  Will introducing gun restrictions decrease gun supply? Undoubtably Will decreased gun supply result in lower gun ownership? Absolutely Will this lower gun ownership be similar in criminals? Yes, but less so. Will increaced enforcement of gun control laws force criminal gun ownership further down? Absolutely.  You are also focusing too much on 'criminals'. Every criminal was born an innocent child. As I've stated elsewhere, it is often crimes of passion, or of opportunity (in other words, crimes which are not pre-empted) where guns are used. If the individual in question did not have easy access to a firearm, they may still attack someone, or break into a house through an open window they happen to spot. But the chance of someone getting killed as a result is much less that if the the proto-criminal is armed.  I'd rather be attacked by a knife than a handgun.
Which sociologist claims guns as a status symbol has clearly never shot a gun, or has such a stigma against guns they fear looking at it. That would suggest you think the instructors at the Royal Millitary Acadamy Sandhurst have never fired a gun... Guess again. Weapons have always been regarded as status symbols right back to prehistory, we have carvings of axeheads on many of our stone circles, swords were regarded as talismanic, the most famous example being Excalibur, swordsmiths were regarded as having magical powers. Today an officers sword is an mark of office, if he is dishonourably discharged his sword will be broken in front of him.  Guns have replaced combat weaponry across most of the planet, leaders such as Saddam Hussein etc. had propaganda pictures of them firing guns. In many parts of the world people fire guns as an act of celebration, eg. at a wedding. In UK gang culture memebers ape US and carribean rap videos featuring performers displaying guns.
And, making my point again, I still see a lot of drugs. Nothing is 100% or even close to it.  Completely contradicting your "point" the facts are that contrary to your opinion, criminals now find it harder to get guns which is the reason we see converted BB guns.
The easiest way to avoid getting shot in the UK is not to get involved with gangs, not to get involved with drugs and avoid the areas where such activities take place. Burglars do not use guns, muggers do not use guns. There is therefore no sane reason for the public to have have guns.
 You just got finished talking about the best way to avoid getting shot in the UK, now you're saying that criminals don't have guns over there. Which is it? Do criminals in the UK have guns or do they not? Strangely enough, he didn't use the word 'criminals' in his post even once.  To sum up:-  Avoid areas where there are gangs and drugs. Gangs tend to carry guns.  Burglars and muggers tend not to have guns.  Therefore, if you avoid gangs (those who tend to have guns - they are still criminals), there is little point in carrying a gun yourself.  How do you manage to get the wrong end of the stick every time you reply to a post. Do you have to practice being obtuse or does it just come naturally to you?  Smiley
You're really splitting hairs here. Criminals, muggers, gangs, burglars, etc. they're all pretty synonymous with each other and mean the same thing: somebody that breaks the law to get ahead. You're lack of education is showing through again.  True, muggers and burglars are criminals, but they are a subset of criminals (ie not all criminals are burglars or muggers). Ripskar pointed out that gangs (criminals, but not necessarily burglars or muggers) tend to have guns. He also stated that burglars and muggers tend not to have guns.  You then stupidly asked why he was now saying that criminals don't have gun.  To recap, just in case you can't grasp the difference.  GANGS TEND TO HAVE GUNS (they are still criminals). BURGLARS AND MUGGERS TEND NOT TO HAVE GUNS (they are still criminals).  CAN YOU SEE THE DIFFERENCE YET OR ARE YOU BEING DELIBERATELY OBTUSE.  How about when the burglars come calling for you in broad daylight because they know you can't shoot them, but they can shoot you? What's your answer then smart guy? I refer you to the bit from many of the last few posts that says BURGLARS TEND NOT TO CARRY GUNS. Please tell me you understand it this time.  Was that smart enough for you?  It's an optical illusion caused by one's own lack of understanding of the points at hand and their inability to properly address the issues. It seems to be a very consistant optical illusion. Perhaps you just need to get your eyes checked.  I assume when you say "one's own lack of understanding" you are refering to yourself, as you have failed to understand anything from the last few posts on this subject.  So which of your statements is correct, Ripskar, do crime-inclined individuals have guns for shooting you, or do they not? Your entire post contradicts itself so either one point it true or none of it is true. I suggest you read the above carefully. Then maybe (if we're very lucky) you just might get your head round it.  Smiley
Lemme guess, in real life you're a lawyer, correct? You must be because you're extremely hypertechnical to the point of absurdity. It doesn't matter what you call them, be it criminal or gang member of dope dealer or home invader, if somebody breaks the law then they're a criminal and it's as simple as that. No, not a lawyer, just someone who can understand the English language. Evidently, you fail on both counts.  Seriously dude, you're trying to get off on a technicality here. Like a lawyer trying to argue "Your honor my client isn't a prostitute, she's a female escort". Doesn't matter what you call it or what you try to pass it off as, a criminal is a criminal regardless of what their formal title is. Nope, try again.  So which is Ripskar, do criminals have guns and are likely to shoot you in the face and kill you, or do they not have guns at all. It's one or the other, it can't be both. Let's try one more time. I don't see how anyone could keep up an act this long without showing even a modicum of intelligence.  This is Little Miss Hamster  :p   She is a gang member. She carries a gun. She is a criminal.  With me so far?  This is Bobby the Chipmunk  :(   He is a burglar. He does not carry a gun. He is also a criminal.  So the puzzle for today, children, is to work out which of these people to avoid if we don't want to get shot.  Have you spotted it yet?  Yeeessssssss!  If we avoid Little Miss Hamster and her neighbourhood we will cut down our chances of being shot be a lot. True, Bobby the Chipmunk is also a criminal, but if he breaks into your house, he will only steal stuff. He can't shoot you because he doesn't carry a gun.  So in answer to your last question (again).  Some criminals do have guns and some criminals don't have guns (see it can be both). If you avoid the areas where the gun toting criminals hang out, then your chances of being shot are minimal.  Please say you understand it this time.  Lie if you have to. Just say that you understand, and pretend to have a working brain cell.  Smiley
And you've failed to prove that Rip is right in his claims.  It's not an act. My standpoint is the correct one, you just can't see that from your angle.  I'm with you. What you're trying to say is that a criminal's official title actually makes a difference.  I've still yet to see any supporting evidence that "gangs" carry guns while "burglars" don't. This is just the statement of one person who isn't even here to defend his position.  What I've spotted is that criminals in general DO have guns in the UK, proving that the 1997 nationwide handgun ban proved to be nothing more than an absolute failure. I don't really give much of a damn on what a criminal calls themselves, the fact remains that criminals are armed, citizens (subjects in this case) aren't, and the UK is just downright unsafe.  As asked earlier, what about when the armed criminals come looking for you? I was merely trying to point out that your inane query as to why Ripskar was changing his position on whether criminals have guns was . . . well, inane.  As you seem to have grasped the difference now, I guess my job is done.  If you want some figures on gun crime in the UK try here.  You'll see that gun crime figures have decreased 3 years running.  If you look around you'll find things like:   Number of Deaths from Firearms Injury - United Kingdom, 1997 to 2006  Figures include deaths with a Coroner's verdict of accident, suicide, homicide and undetermined intent.  Answer given on 25 October 2007  Year Number   1997 198 1998 229 1999 207  2000 204  2001 193  2002 181  2003 187  2004 191  2005 185  2006 210    Ooh! And this site has some really interesting stats on it too. Just for comparison's sake.  Smiley
Well of course they're gonna say gun-related crime has decreased, they're all about gun control for God sakes. That's like asking McDonald's if fast food is healthy. Sound like you didn't actually read any of it then. Why am I not surprised.  You can read can't you?  Your fancy states are fun to look at, but I've actually talked with people unfortunate enough to live in the UK, and their position has consistently been that the UK has become more dangerous than New York or Washington DC. If your friends live in a major population centre then perhaps they've had some bad experiences.  I lived there for 34 years and had very few. I never came into contact with anyone with a gun (except a farmer once whilst on his farm).  And for those of you who are following this, the fancy 'states' (sic) that OX is trying not to give much heed to include a table that shows that the gun deaths in the USA per 100,000 population (homicide, suicide and other) tend to be 4 or 5 times higher than anywhere else on the planet.  No wonder he seems to think that all criminals carry guns and are out to shoot you in the face.  Smiley
 Your fancy states are fun to look at, but I've actually talked with people unfortunate enough to live in the UK, and their position has consistently been that the UK has become more dangerous than New York or Washington DC.  I live in the UK. The only time I've seen guns in real life was on an army base, unless you count air rifles. The idea that criminals habitually carry guns in the UK is absurd. Yes there are dangerous places in the UK, there was a murder in my nearest town earlier this year (with a knife), which shook people up a bit, but it only takes a minimum of common sense to be perfectly safe - don't hang around the town centre in the early hours of the morning at the weekend. Any criminal carrying a gun is far beyond petty crime like burglary or street robbery - the only ones for whom the risk is worth the reward are those dealing in massive quantities of drugs whose entire life is lived outside the law. To try and conflate petty crime with major drug cartels is utterly preposterous.
Smiley, crimes matter, gun crimes don't. It doesn't matter, if they were shot, stabbed, beaten, poisened, or even bored to death. The point is, they're dead. It doesn't really matter how they got there. When Antis cite a drop in gun crime, the conveniently leave out the increase in other violent crime. I agree, but the recent debate has been about the likelyhood of criminals in the UK actually carrying (and willing to use) guns. The stats I provided in the post you quoted give a fair idea of how small a number actually do. Nothing more, nothing less.  All I was initially trying to do was to get OX to see that his accusation that Ripskar was changing his story was ludicrous. Unfortunately, it took some time.  I have now completed this task. So I'm done here.  Smiley
Its funny that handgun crime has gone up since the ban, isn't it?  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/1440764.stm Very funny, and also 7 years old.
Seven years isn't too long ago. Nothing has changed. Guns were banned then, guns are banned now. But have the figures on hand guns involved in crime changed?  I don't know. To be honest I can't be bothered to research it.  But let's think about why the figures shot up shortly after the ban. Is it possible that much of this rise was due to the fact that possession of hand guns had become a crime in itself, and not just because their use in robberies had suddenly increase by 40%?  Could yet more be because people were trying to smuggle guns into the country? Another crime to boost the count.  It certainly can't be an increase across the board as :-  The Metropolitan Police said its official figures showed a 20% drop in armed robberies of commercial premises between April and July this year, compared with the same period last year.  So rather than say. 'Look guns were banned and the figures went up," we should be asking why they went up.  Smiley
We live in an area of the country known as tornado alley because so many damn twisters cut through here in the season. However this town has never really been hit by one before. Does that mean tornadoes don't exist or that they don't ever come here? No, it just means that one hasn't been encountered yet. Just like you haven't encountered the violence that plagues the UK yet.  Doesn't mean it won't happen, doesn't mean it doesn't exist, just means that so far you've been lucky in not encountering it.  I've lived permanently in 4 areas of the UK, I have friends and relatives in many others, including quite a few in London, and none have encountered the kind of crime you relate. Very occasional burglary, my wallet was stolen from a lesiure centre changing room (my own fault, nothing important in it). Nobody I know has seen a gun used in a crime. That ain't a statistical anomaly, that's the lived experience of the vast majority of Britons. As for the police being issued with body armour, you realise it's stab proof vests rather than kevlar for the most part, and that British police are still primarily armed with a baton and CS spray?
As for the Police not being armed with Guns, this is ridiculous. This puts the police force in harms way unnecessarily because some people are made uncomfortable by guns. No, it means that they don't need to carry guns for their own safety, because the UK is safer (certainly for homicide) than the US by a fairly large factor. Proof.
Even though violent crime has risen by 14%?   http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/3419401.stm  Yep, still tons safer.
I'd rather not be shot, personally. If the price is me not owning a firearm, I don't particularly have a problem with this.
Safer? Hardly. Restrictive and without freedom? Most definitely. Plenty of freedom. If you want freedom to be able to shoot someone then stay out.  Smiley  Ooh, and still much safer.
Ah, Archangel, if only you understood basic maths.  Let's take two countries, A and B. A has a population of 100,000 and B has a population of 200,000. To make up some more figures, lets say 5 people were killed in A last year and 20 were killed in B. So, you want to combine the two.  Country/Total Homicide (per 100,000)  A------/5 (5 killed of 100,000, so 5 per 100,000) B------/10 (20 killed of 200,000, so 10 per 100,000)  Correct version: A&B---/8.3 (25 killed of 300,000, so 8.3 per 100,000)   NOT Archangel's version: A&B---/15 (Look, I added up the figures! That's right, isn't it...?)  To combine A and B you need to take a weighted average of the two values, as the values are fractions per population value, NOT pure figures. Were you to do this correctly, England would have had a much more significant weight than Northern Ireland (which you had to include to drag down the UK figures), so the value remains much less than the States.  To clarify, this is NOT nit-picking and choosing my standards of judging. It's correcting a fatal flaw in your maths.
Typical obfuscation of the facts. The graph listed the Countries separately, so combining them to equal GBs combined numbers is correct. In other words, 10.36 homicides for GBs combined population is precisely what those combined numbers show. And a combined number of 5.57 firearm homicides when approximately 17.1 households have guns in them is as accurate as we can get considering Ireland came up N/A. What makes your states look worse for GB is that the population is so much lower than ours is. I pointed that out in my last post but I guess you missed it, huh? Here's your graph again, do some math.http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcgvinco.html Sorry Archie, you cannot take a proportion of one country and a proportion of another country and then add the two together to get the proportion of the whole.  Let's make it really simple.  If country A had 50,000 per 100,000 and country B had 50,000 per 100,000 then you would be wrong to say that the two added together would make 100,000 per 100,000.  The correct figures for UK should have been 3.25 (Total), 1.85 (Firearm), 1.4 (non-gun). And while we're on the subject of your mistakes, you included the figures for the Republic of Ireland (not part of the UK) in your incorrect answer.  Don't worry Archie, it's basic mathematics. You'll learn it one day.  Smiley
Point goes to Archangel, for pointing out the obvious.  When you compare the number of gun-related deaths of each country, factoring in population size, rates of legal gun ownership, and number of suicide instances, you'll see that America is very much safer than everywhere else. And a dozen point taken away from you for thinking his incorrect analysis proves your point.  The figures (the correct figures that is) prove it.  Smiley
Archangel I just showed you my maths above. Compare entirely seperate states A and B, add up the figures for A and B, and work it out yourself. Then see if your answer is correct or not - my working should show you that, too.  To further illustrate my point, imagine I create a tiny country within America called HYPOTHETICAL. This state has two residents, called Alice and Bob. Alice kills Bob. The census people come round, and HYPOTHETICAL goes in at the top of the table as having a projected death rate of 50,000 (1 out of 2 people - you should be able to work this one out). Now, I want to include HYPOTHETICAL in my calculation of how dangerous America is. Should I  a) Add 50,000 to the total and never, ever go to America. Ever. b) Take a weighted average, which reduces HYPOTHETICAL's input to the total so that the total is actually relevant to reality?
It's hard not to reply, when you are being mistakenly mocked for getting the answer right.  Anyway, Archie wouldn't go near that place. He might catch AIDS.  Save the threats and work on your understanding of basic mathematical principles?
Smiley, if I were you I'd stop with the personal attacks on people's intelligence around here, otherwise one of us is gonna take that stick away from you, bend you over a park bench and shove said stick where the sun don't shine. Don't make me get Bobby the Chipmunk out again. You'll regret it.
Are you going to admit your maths was wrong, or are you just going to continue hurling insults?
The reason why you and smiley are completely wrong is because I didn't add those numbers up and claim that the combined numbers represented homicides in England only as that would have been in error. But to say that GB combined has a homicide rate of 10.39 per 100,000 based on the numbers you yourself posted in your own link is absolutely correct. So stop playing with your cheap hypotheticals and face the reality of the actual statistics that you posted.  No, it doesn't. You have combined the numbers incorrectly. Northern Ireland has a population of approx 1.5 million, Scotland 5 million, Wales 3 million and England 50 million. If you weight the numbers correctly:Total deaths Gun deaths Non-gun deathsWhole of UK: 1.62 0.26 1.35  That is the actual figure. What you seem to have failed to understand is that per 100,000 is a figure that is comparable between two groups but that to combine figures you need to use absolute values, it's like when you add fractions and you have to use a common denominator before you add the numerators otherwise you're stuck.  And that's before we get into the fact that the Northern Ireland figures are hopelessly skewed by the (then still ongoing) paramilitary activities in the province, funded largely by Irish Americans.
Ok, I'll do this step by step:  In England and Wales the figures are 1.41 deaths per hundred thousand, for a population of around 50 million. Multiplying up this equates to 705 actual deaths (with me so far?).  Do the same for Scotland we get 2.24 in a population of 5 million gives 112 deaths. And again for Northern Ireland we get 6.09 in a population of 1.5 million, for a total of 91. Add THESE figures together we get a total number of deaths for the whole of the UK, giving 908 deaths from a population of 57.5 million, which equates to a rate of 1.57 (if you're wondering why this figure is slightly different from the ealier one it is because I used approximate populations rather than the figures given, in order to clarify the calculation).   The method you suggest is similar to saying I got 20% on one exam, and 30% on the second exam so I got 50% overall. You simply can't stack proportions in the way you suggest.
Now Jo, you are making a mistake. It's called "trying to educate people who don't want to learn". AA, S&P, OX, etc. have got a preconcieved conclusion and will ignore facts or claim they actually support their preconcieved conclusion to advance their political/religious aims, in this case they don't want to put their toys and status symbols away as they associate them with their manhood whether they admit this or not. I'm sure theres some logical fallacy that sums this up. They calim that they need guns for defence, yet between them not one appears to have used a gun in that role in a combined period of ownership in excess of a century. They also make reference to shooting at targets "half a mile away" self defence at half a mile? The fact is if you aren't military oror a farmer a gun is a toy and used in a recreational manner.
First Ireland (strictly the Republic of Ireland) has not been part of the UK since the 1920s.   Secondly, if we do as you suggest and calculate the number of homicides in the US in 1999, we get 15,504. Now the population of the US is 5 times the population of the UK (near enough), so the comparable figure would be 3000 homicides in comparison with 900 in the UK. This is consistent with the rate of homicide death for the whole of the UK which I have calculated.  I'm not trying to be insulting but have you had any education in mathematics? It seems inconceivable that such basic proportional reasoning is beyond you.
why does the fact that one Country has 2.24 homicides per 100K and another has 6.09 per 100K change the result that combined, those two populations have a combined homicide rate of 8.33 per 100,000 based on their total populations? Let's use your exact example. Country A has 2.24 homicides per 100K. Country B has 6.09 homicides per 100K. Assuming that A and B are the same size (not the case in the main example, but meh...) the combined homicide rate is 8.33 PER 200,000 or 4.165 per 100,000. It's basic mathematics!  Let's go hypothetical again. Country C and Country D are equal in size, and for some unknown reason both have a homicide rate of 75,000 per 100,000. Particularly dangerous, you may think. However, by your logic, the combined homicide rate of C and D is 150,000 per 100,000. This is blatantly impossible. Instead, the combined rate of C and D remains at 75,000 per 100,000.  Finally, in a vague hope at getting this into your skull, let's look at population division.  Country X has a population of 800,000, and homicide rates of 10 deaths per 100,000 - so total homicides in X are 80. If I take a small (and representative*) sample of X, the homicide rate for that smaller sample will still be 10 per 100,000 - the most obvious example is if I take a sample that is 1/8 the size of X, I will get a population of 100,000 with 10 homicides. With me so far?  Let's say that I split X into two equal parts, Y and Z. (Assuming Y and Z are representative*) Y and Z will both still have homicide rates of 10 per 100,000 - they will both be 400,000 in population and have 40 deaths each. When you recombine Y and Z to make X, the homicide rate stays at 10 per 100,000. If it did not, you could mess up any analysis simply by splitting up a country and then recombining it, over and over.  And no, Ireland is not a part of the UK. This is why 'Northern Ireland' and 'Ireland' are listed separately.  *If Y and Z are unrepresentative it still works as long as Y and Z make up the entirety of X, but I don't want to go into that because I suspect that it will confuse you.
Let's put this another way to see if we can convince you.  Here's the table - tidied up a bit.   Country -------- Year ------ Pop --- Total Hom -- Firearm Hom --- Non-Gun Hom - % Households With Guns  United States3 -- 1999 - 272,691,000 -- 5.70 -------- 3.72 ----------- 1.98 -------------- 39.0  N. Ireland ------- 1994 --- 1,641,711 -- 6.09 --------- 5.24 ---------- 0.85 --------------- 8.4  Scotland -------- 1994 --- 5,132,400 -- 2.24 --------- 0.19 ---------- 2.05 --------------- 4.7  England/Wales5 -- 1997 - 51,429,000 -- 1.41 --------- 0.11 ---------- 1.30 --------------- 4.  Ireland ---------- 1991 --- 3,525,719 -- 0.62 --------- 0.03 ---------- 0.59 --------------- n/a   Country -------- Year ------ Pop --- Total Hom -- Firearm Hom --- Non-Gun Hom - % Households With Guns  Following your logic, if you live in Scoltand you are around 2.5 times less likely to be murdered than if you live in the USA (5.70/2.24 = 2.5445).  If you live in England/Wales you are more than 4 times less likely to be murdered than if you live in the USA (5.70/1.41 = 4.04).  If you live in N.Ireland you are slightly more likely to be murdered than if you live in te USA (6.09/5.70 = 1.068).  However, if you live in one of the above (without specifying) then you are 70% more likely to be murdered than if you live in the USA (9.74/5.70 =1.708).  So the risk of living in "one of the above countries" is far greater than living "a specified one of the above countries".   Look at it another way.  If you live in Scotland your chances of being murdered are 2.24 out of 100,000. However, if you live in one of the other countries listed then your chances of being murdered are 13.82 out of 100,000 (5.70+6.09+1.41+0.62=13.82). That's more than 6 times more likely. With those stats you'd never venture out of Scotland.  And if you added in the likelyhood of being murdered in one of the other many countries of the world . . . . . . AAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHH!  Does than make sense?  Smiley
The raw data should be available on-line I'm trying to look it up now, though getting something other than last years figures is a pain. http://www.crimestatistics.org.uk/tool/Default.asp?region=0&force=0&cdrp=0&l1=6&l2=1&l3=27&sub=0&v=36
Argue it any way you want to, you can't change the basic facts: The people who shouldn't have guns are easily able to get them despite the ban, and the people who deserve to have them are unable to get them. Was that an admission that you mathematical skills have been found wanting, or are you merely reverting to your usual banal diatribe?
Argue it any way you want to, you can't change the basic facts: The people who shouldn't have guns are easily able to get them despite the ban, and the people who deserve to have them are unable to get them.  Damn right you can't change the facts, and here they are! Read 'em an' weep sucker! 1997/8 England and Wales 738 deaths recorded as homicide. (59 victims shot, 39 with a handgun, 12 with a long barrel shotgun, 4 with a sawn off shotgun, 3 with a rifle and 1 unknown) Scotland 88 deaths recorded as homicide. Northern Ireland 40 deaths recorded as homicide. USA 10369 murders were commited using a firearm, 1963 murders commited with a sharp instrument.  Murder Per 10,000 inhabitants in 1997 Alabama 10 Alaska 9 Arizona 8 Arkansas 10 California 8 Colorado 4 Conneticut 4 Delaware 3 DC 57 Florida 7 Georgia 8 Hawaii 4 Idaho 3 Illinois 9 Indiana 7 Iowa 2 Kansas 6 Kentucky 6 Louisiana 16 Maine 2 Maryland 10 Massachusetts 2 Michigan 8 Minnisota 3 Missippi 13 Missouri 8 Montana 5 Nebraska 3 Nevada 11 New Hampshire 1 New Jersey 4 New Mexico 8 New York 6 North Carolina 8 North Dakota 1 Ohio 5 Oklahoma 7 Oregan 3 Pennsylvannia 6 Rhode Island 3 South Carolina 8 South Dakota 1 Tennesee 10 Texas 7 Utah 2 Vermont 2 Virginia 7 Washington State 4 West Virginia 4 Wisconsin 4 Wyoming 4  http://www.parliament.uk/commons/lib/research/rp99/rp99-056.pdf
Argue it any way you want to, you can't change the basic facts: The people who shouldn't have guns are easily able to get them despite the ban, and the people who deserve to have them are unable to get them. 'Deserve'? Again, you're showing a blindness between 'deserving' people and 'criminal' people. 'Deserving' people can commit crimes too!  Besides, in the UK people can still acquire a gun... if their gun or their sport demands it. Beyond that, there is no other reason for owning a gun.  Double besides, I've shown that any prohibition of an item negatively affects availability of that item. 'Easilly available' is an overstatement.  ...are you willing to concede that you are less likely to be killed in the UK yet?
Figures for homicide using a handgun since 1999 in England & Wales  1999/2000 42 2000/1 47 2001/2 59 2002/3 40 2003/4 35 2004/5 22 2005/6 27  The ban on handguns has effectively halved the number of homicides commited with the weapons.  http://www.gun-control-network.org/GF04.htm
So... less people are being killed because of gun control? This seems contrary to your main claim, so I would say it's fairly important...  Of course, if you value your property over your life, feel free to encourage more guns for everyone.
ROFLMHO!:p  I challenge you to present one such case from the UK since the ban on handguns.   Muppet.
Firstly, its Google's map not "theirs" whoever "they" are. It is basic comprehension to look at a map and see that the island of Ireland is clearly divided into two parts. Northern Ireland at the top right, and The Republic of Ireland in the larger lower part. If that were not simple enough, Great Britain (and Northern Ireland) is a well known monarchy, so "The Republic of" is quite a major clue, even to the intellectually challenged, that it is a different place.
Are you going to admit that you were wrong, Archangel? Or can we just take you changing the subject as an imlicit admission?  And the home office page you link to shows a graph of burglary only (burglars do not carry guns in the UK, as a rule), and is dated October 2004, the copyright information is irrelevant. Burglaries have fallen considerably in the UK in recent years (around in the last decade, http://www.crimestatistics.org.uk/output/Page55.asp ). I'm not sure why US crime figures should be any more reliable than UK ones, particularly when the US has 51 separate jurisdictions, compared to 3 in the UK, and the US has a much bigger problem of ghettoisation in cities which is likely to lead to the underreporting of crime.  As for using a blog as a source... emoticon_xclown
And no matter how you slice it, the crime rate in England/Wales and Scotland is higher than in the USA. And here's a graph that proves it that based on the crimes that are reported and recorded for statistical use.   And if you look at the copyrights at the bottom of the page, it's current at 2008 which means the stats are still relevant. Also, this might explain why British stats are so skewed in favor of the UK appearing safer than the USA, but it's all an illusion since they don't count so many crimes in the statistics. Crime in the UK versus Crime in the US There is a discussion going on about gun control and the right to defend yourself over at A Tangled Web. Since my figures on crime in the UK versus crime in the US are couple of years old, I thought I would take a look at the currently available statistics.  The public misconception is that the UK is a safe country and the US violent, but the truth is just the opposite. Depending on which numbers you choose, the violent crime rate in the UK is five times higher than the rate in the US.   Sooo... You're claiming the British stats show that crime rates are higher in Britain than the US which mean the Brits think they're safer because the stats show lower crime rates than the US? What are you on?
Murder Per 10,000 inhabitants in 1997 Alabama 10 Alaska 9 Arizona 8 Arkansas 10 California 8 Colorado 4 Conneticut 4 Delaware 3 DC 57 Florida 7 Georgia 8 Hawaii 4 Idaho 3 Illinois 9 Indiana 7 Iowa 2 Kansas 6 Kentucky 6 Louisiana 16 Maine 2 Maryland 10 Massachusetts 2 Michigan 8 Minnisota 3 Missippi 13 Missouri 8 Montana 5 Nebraska 3 Nevada 11 New Hampshire 1 New Jersey 4 New Mexico 8 New York 6 North Carolina 8 North Dakota 1 Ohio 5 Oklahoma 7 Oregan 3 Pennsylvannia 6 Rhode Island 3 South Carolina 8 South Dakota 1 Tennesee 10 Texas 7 Utah 2 Vermont 2 Virginia 7 Washington State 4 West Virginia 4 Wisconsin 4 Wyoming 4  Let's have some fun and use this table to try and further convince Archie that his mathematical methods leave something to be desired.  If we add up all the figures in this table we get 351 murders (hope that's right - did it in my head) per 100,000 people. That's around 250 times higher than the figures for England/Wales (1.41). How can you stand to live in such a wartorn country? And OX thinks it's safer.  So now let's come back to reality and average that 351 out over the 51 murder rates given.  351/51 = 6.88  Do you see how 6.88 per 1000,000 is much closer to reality than the 351 per 100,000 that Archie would have got?  Come on Archie, just admit that you got the maths wrong. Are you too proud to admit your error? Pride is one of the deadly sins you know.  Archie if you can be man enough to admit that you made a mistake, then I'll be man enough to admit that miracles do happen.  Deal?  Smiley
Interesting how California has some of the strictest gun control laws, yet it has higher homicide than most of the states, yet Vermont has very lax gun laws, yet it has only 2 murders per 10,000.Equally interesting that the capital city of Vermont (Montpellier) has a population density of 784 per square mile and Vermont has a total p.d. of 65.8/sq.mil, whereas California has a p.d. of 233.8/sq.mil and four major cities with p.d.'s of 8,205 (LA), 3,871.5 (San Diego), 5216.3 (San Jose) and 16,380 (San Fransisco). It's also interesting to note that although there is a difference between the laws of the US states regarding gun control, there is very little to differentiate between states (with the exception of DC, which is excusable because of it's unique status amongst the US states). The minutae of legality is largely irrelevant unless there is a large difference between populations.  Plenty of people use guns for self defense, and the millions of people that do would be dead right now if you had your way. Uh, several sources I've quoted at you disagree. Gun defence is rarely used - true on it's own, but especially in comparison with the number of illegal uses of guns. Do I really have to go and find my PubMed sources again?  Where the hell did we say this? I would guess the .50 caliber debate, although I haven't really looked at it...  Then they oughta update their map, because it's very deceptive the way it's shown as a part of the UK.  As soon as I call Canada part of the USA, you can use this as a valid excuse. If you google image search 'britain' or 'great britain' or look at google maps, the difference is obvious. The image you linked to was third in the list of images for 'great britain', where images 1,2 and 4 show the correct map and 5 does not show Ireland at all.  The rest of your post has been destroyed sufficiently, I think.
So, that's 14,000 knife victims for a population of just over 60,000,000. To stick with recent methods of reporting that would be just over 23 knife attacks per 100,000 people (23.333).  What would a knife attack equate to in the USA? Probably something like Aggravated Assault. Would that be fair?  If we look at a table of crime statistics in the USA, Aggravated Assault figures for 2006 are 862,947 for a population of around 300,000,000 (or 287.6 per 100,000).  Ooh! That's over 12 times higher. Hope you've got good medical insurance.  I can play this game as long as you like.  Smiley
the UK is safer, huh? 38 victims of stabbings are admitted to the hospital every single day. Yeah you guys are really safe over there. 38 stabbings per day for a year (note that not all of these will be deliberate, some will be accidental/self-inflicted) is 13,870 per year. The USA gets 14,860 homicides per year - approximately 41 per day.  The US also experienced 1,390,695 cases of 'violent crime' (which has yet to be defined) and 862,947 cases of 'aggravated assault', of which 136,496 were from a knife. 14,000 knife wounds per year is nothing.  To make it fairer to work out differences... UK. 14000 wounds per year, population ~60,000,000 = 23.3 wounds per 100,000 USA. 126,496 wounds per year, population ~301,000,000 = 42.0 wounds per 100,000  Yup, pretty safe. Thanks for the data emoticon_smile  EDIT: curses, beaten to it by smiley. I managed to find knife assaults, though :p
This also does not factor in all of the beatings and gun crime. See the 'knife attacks' portion of MY SAME POST. That's not including attacks, either. The US is in economic chaos right now. That accounts for a lot of the crime. The US and the UK are completely different areas with cultural differences, population differences, and social differences.Oh, absolutely. The fact that the UK is far safer is really only a minor piece of evidence in this argument, although it is evidence. However, if you look through this thread you will see that the pro-gun side keep trying to indicate that the UK is more dangerous. That is why we keep responding... For example (all taken from this thread) "However, my main point still stands. Gun control didn't work out too great in the UK" - SnP "Your fancy states are fun to look at, but I've actually talked with people unfortunate enough to live in the UK, and their position has consistently been that the UK has become more dangerous than New York or Washington DC." - OmegamonX "you will see that Great Britain's murder rate numbers are much higher than the USAs. [bad maths]" - Archangel However, when gun control was enacted in Washington DC, crime did not go down at all. Because they didn't enforce it enough? Remember, I've shown that enforcement leads to reduced crime. The problem is that DC is unique among the other states in that it is a single city with a population density of ~9,000. That's really quite hard a place to enforce laws in.  Its also strange that many states notorious for gun control (California, New York) are also notorious for crime. However states like Vermont and South Carolina have lax gun laws yet much less crime than California or NY. Did you even read my reply to your exact same argument a few posts back? Equally interesting that the capital city of Vermont (Montpellier) has a population density of 784 per square mile and Vermont has a total p.d. of 65.8/sq.mil, whereas California has a p.d. of 233.8/sq.mil and four major cities with p.d.'s of 8,205 (LA), 3,871.5 (San Diego), 5216.3 (San Jose) and 16,380 (San Fransisco). It's also interesting to note that although there is a difference between the laws of the US states regarding gun control, there is very little to differentiate between states (with the exception of DC, which is excusable because of it's unique status amongst the US states). The minutae of legality is largely irrelevant unless there is a large difference between populations.
There's also evidence that bigfoot exists, but that doesn't amount to much.I'll take this as an admittance that twice now (the first time was 'me-too'-ing when Archie gave his dire maths), you've tried to prove that the UK is more dangerous, and failed both times - in fact, both pieces of evidence show the opposite of what you claim. That's a bit more... substantial than Bigfoot.  Feel free to believe that the UK is more dangerous. Until you can actually give evidence that this is the case, however, everyone else remains free to justifiably believe that you are entirely incorrect.  Dude, lemme try and make things understandable for you. In the places like California and New York and DC, where gun control is absolutely tight and crime is high regardless, the laws aren't going unenforced. To even get a gun, you need to get permission from the police to become a gun owner. The application process is very difficult, and it's not at all uncommon for it to be stretched out to over three years, just to find out you've been denied and need to start all over again. You miss my point entirely. I'm not saying that people in DC are still selling legal guns despite the ban, I'm saying that there is insufficient activity to remove handguns from those who already illegally possess them. My link shows that when such enforcement is put into effect, there are 'significant' results.  The population of Washington DC is about 570,000. New York City on the other hand, has a population size around 8,000,000. So don't tell me that Washington DC is so damn hard to police and enforce the laws in, it really ain't that big or that crowded.You've made exactly the same mistake as your last source, in that you rely on 'big numbers' without actually looking at a relative comparason.  DC has a population density of ~9000 people per square mile, as stated above. From Ripskar's data (above) there were 57 murders per 10,000 people, or (to standardise) 5.7 murders per 100,000 people.  New York City has a population density of 27,147 people per square mile. However, the FBI database (via Wikipedia) tells me that there were 7.3 murders per 100,000 people. Compare that with the 5.7 in DC and you've quite nicely proved my point.  EDIT: Further investigation reveals a typo in ripskars data - the homicide rate is per 100,000, not per 10,000 - making the homicide rate in DC much larger. The data is 10 years old - more recent data from wikipedia give a rate of 35.7 per 100,000. Obviously this is still much larger than the more densely populated New York - feel free to disregard the 'smalled' text (this forum doesn't support strikethrough, alas) - I only left it there because it contains useful links.  Instead, my reply would be that it is interesting to note that NY's crime has fallen massively in recent years - murder rate was ~4 times larger in 1990, as was violent crime (and the city's population was smaller by ~1/8th). While this still doesn't quite make it comparable with DC, a crime drop of this magnitude is interesting nonetheless. The drop is "attributed by criminologists to [changed police tactics], the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes" (wikipedia). The much slower rate of crime reduction in DC is merely attributed to 'gentrification' - essentially demographic changes. Doesn't this imply that the police in DC haven't been doing as much as the police in NY?
Source?For what, population density? Source is wikipedia, which gets it's sources from US census data - here and associated browsing links, which are immediately obvious on the relevant pages (click 'california' then each of it's four main cities, or 'vermont' and then it's main city). Source that the gun laws in the US are still largely similar is in that list of US laws you posted a while back.  Your sources are for the (M)U(C)K, not the US. Aw, you feel the need to insult me. Bless. Unfortunately, you're entirely wrong. All four sources were for the US. Just for you, here are the links again. 1, 2, 3, 4.  Do I sense overconfidence here?Well... given that Archangel has yet to respond to any of the 'ripping apart', I'd say it's fairly well placed confidence.  Yeah I guess you're right, those pesky things like constitutional rights really get in the way of enforcing the laws on the books. The Fourth Amendment really gets in the way of the police being able to carry out a warrantless raid on somebody's home to ensure that they don't have illegal guns anywhere. Maybe we should be more like Britain and have far less obstacles that would get in the way of official police business. Woah, you're really desperate about the UK thing, aren't you? Read my link. There was no unwarranted searching involved, simply frisking individuals that had already been pulled over/detained for various offenses. Furthermore, There are very few cases where unwarranted searching is allowed in the UK.  Your point is flawed because you changed the number of DC murders to something much lower simply for the sake of argument. It doesn't work that way. DC has hundreds of firearm-related deaths each year, so considering their low population levels the rate would have to be 57 murders per 100,000 people. This is ironicly amusing to me. In fact, the source did make a typo, so you are correct in guessing that it 'should' be 57 murders per 100,000 - see my edit, above (I've quoted it below for your viewing convenience). However, the reasoning that you use: 'but there are hundreds of them!' is dire in the extreme. That 'I changed the numbers for the sake of argument' is entirely false - I changed the numbers so that they were comparable, per 100,000 each. It was only later that I investigated the source further and found the typo - something that you and Archie would be wise to do when you try to use maths. Meh. Read my edit, reply to that. Further investigation reveals a typo in ripskars data - the homicide rate is per 100,000, not per 10,000 - making the homicide rate in DC much larger. The data is 10 years old - more recent data from wikipedia give a rate of 35.7 per 100,000. Obviously this is still much larger than the more densely populated New York - feel free to disregard the 'smalled' text (this forum doesn't support strikethrough, alas) - I only left it there because it contains useful links.  Instead, my reply would be that it is interesting to note that NY's crime has fallen massively in recent years - murder rate was ~4 times larger in 1990, as was violent crime (and the city's population was smaller by ~1/8th). While this still doesn't quite make it comparable with DC, a crime drop of this magnitude is interesting nonetheless. The drop is "attributed by criminologists to [changed police tactics], the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes" (wikipedia). The much slower rate of crime reduction in DC is merely attributed to 'gentrification' - essentially demographic changes. Doesn't this imply that the police in DC haven't been doing as much as the police in NY?
1) New York, refers to New York State rather than New York City. You are familiar with the state boundries of your own country aren't you?  2) To answer a question asked by S&P; Is the fact that criminals are using converted imitation firearms rather than real handguns since the ban "Good".  Included in the data in the gun control link is the number of homicides commited with various weapons per year from 1999 to 2006, included is a column for converted imitation firearms. Every single figure is zero.  YES, forcing gangs to settle for converted imitation firearms is a good thing as no one has been able to commit a murder with them. emoticon_xgood
Don't take Archangels refusal to roll around in the mud with you as a sign of victory. It just means that I don't choose to waste my time going back and forth with you. The only thing you rip apart on a consistent basis around here is truth and common sense. Do you, or do you not admit that your mathematical analysis of the data in that table of crime figures within the UK was incorrect?  Or is your pride getting in the way of you admitting the truth?  You go no about the truth ad nausium, but when it comes down to it . . . nothing.  Smiley
So...you're perfectly alright with there being violent crime so long as people aren't being killed? At least it's a step in the right direction.
Let it be noted that the British guy has answered yes, that they'll be perfectly willing to put up with all instances of violent crime against themselves and others so long as nobody is getting killed as a direct result of the criminals having all the power in this equation. I didn't say that. Violent crime is bad mmkay. But trying to make out that killing is no worse is just plain stupid.  Smiley  PS Are you prepared to admit that living in the USA is more dangerous than living in the UK yet?
Don't take Archangels refusal to roll around in the mud with you as a sign of victory. It just means that I don't choose to waste my time going back and forth with you. The only thing you rip apart on a consistent basis around here is truth and common sense.'Common sense' maybe... Truth, I doubt.  It must be easy to debate with your style, waiting until someone proves you wrong and then stepping back and declaring yourself 'above the debate'. I'll have to try it sometime. I would imagine it's up there on a par with sticking your fingers in your ears and humming loudly - another timeless classic.  Let it be noted that the British guy has answered yes, that they'll be perfectly willing to put up with all instances of violent crime against themselves and others so long as nobody is getting killed as a direct result of the criminals having all the power in this equation.Let it be noted that Omegamon has completely ignored the main debate just as it was going badly for him and changed the subject. Again.  Would you rather be killed, or wounded? Unless 'killed' is your answer (in which case I question your sanity), let it be noted that Omegamon has answered 'wounded', that he'll be perfectly willing to put up with all instances of wounding against himself and others as long as nobody is getting killed as a direct result of him deliberately misinterpreting an answer.
Sorry, to properly parody your question I'm not allowed to be specific until I see what you've answered.  But just so you know, something that counts as 'violent crime' does not count as 'homicide', if you are talking about 'a decline in homicide at the cost of a rise in violent crime'.  Such a statement is faulty because there are so many variable to factor in. But long story short, I'm content to continue living in America, because I know that if I need to then I can defend myself, against man or beast. You can argue that in the UK you don't need to defend yourself so it's safer, but that doesn't change the fact that you really can't defend yourself. Not so. I have a hockey stick, and (more importantly) a window that leads to the outside world... that's all I need.  You said you're alright with criminals having imitation guns, which most people aren't going to be able to tell is a phony, so they can continue using the threat of harm to rob people and avoid confrontation from potential victims. That's support for violent crime.Uh, he said 'alright' where the alternative was that they carry real guns. I'm still struggling to see how you consider this to be a bad thing. Would you rather you were robbed by criminals using an imitation gun, or a real gun?
I've read your laws regarding the use of force. I hate to tell you this but the criminals have more rights than you do. You might be able to knock them down, but you can't hurt them or they can turn right around and sue you for something like the use of excessive force and causing serious bodily harm.Why would I want to harm them more than to knock them down? I'm not for lynch mob mentality ('justice' at the personal level), remember?  Well if I'm unable to tell the difference between a real gun and an imitation gun, it doesn't really make much of a difference now does it?  Unless you notice something that isn't right, like the muzzle being extremely small and not likely capable of firing a real bullet, the question of "Is that gun real or is it fake?" isn't going to be something going through your mind. All you're gonna see is a bad guy with a gun. If you get robbed and no-one is harmed, how is it a 'violent' crime? If you get robbed and someone is harmed, this is more likely to be the case with a gun involved. Undeniably so.
Maybe because for all intended purposes the person who crawled in through the window is intent on causing you bodily harm? Or maybe because you're human and when the fight or flight response is triggered and set to fight you wind up treating the situation as life-threatening and want to make sure that you don't get hurt?  A problem with simply knocking down an attacker is that they can just as easily get back up again. If you can only shove them to the ground then that might make them mad and then they really would kill you. If you can disable them, like causing them a great amount of pain or breaking their kneecap, then they're not going to want to do anything except lay on the ground or try and get away. ...if I broke their kneecap, or they broke their kneecap falling over, would they really have grounds to (successfully) sue me if I claimed that it was in a fight in which I was not the aggressor? That's quite different to finding criminals with gunshot wounds in their backs...  Alright lemme see if I can explain this to you. I've done a lot of studying on the laws regarding self-defense and protecting yourself. As the law currently is, if you introduce the use of a weapon of any kid, be it a knife or a gun or a hammer or a broken broom stick, that becomes assault with a deadly weapon and it's considered a violent crime even if nothing violent happened, because the violence and threat of harm was implied by producing the item in question. But a replica gun /isn't/ a 'deadly weapon' no matter how you skew it, so the crime just becomes intimidation, surely? It's not the threat, it's the 'deadly' bit which makes it a 'violent assault'.
You said you're alright with criminals having imitation guns, which most people aren't going to be able to tell is a phony, so they can continue using the threat of harm to rob people and avoid confrontation from potential victims. That's support for violent crime. Please quote me on this.  Such a statement is faulty because there are so many variable to factor in. But long story short, I'm content to continue living in America, because I know that if I need to then I can defend myself, against man or beast. You can argue that in the UK you don't need to defend yourself so it's safer, but that doesn't change the fact that you really can't defend yourself. We'll take that as a yes.
There's currently a case over here where a criminal fell through the roof of a homeowner, who ordered him to get out, he resisted and was subsequently shot by the homeowner. He then sued the homeowner for use of excessive force and the case was allowed to go to trial even though the plaintiff had to admit his guilt to the crime.That's not quite the same as successfully suing someone - that would be if the court case won. That is what i doubt would happen.  Here's another issue with your "reasonable force" ideas. Let's say you do have an attacker inside your home or apartment and you do knock them down. Let's say that for the sake of the argument they fall like an idiot and wind up hurting themself because they didn't know how to land properly. Now they have grounds to charge you with excessive force because they got hurt on your property and you were involved.Again, I doubt very much that this would succeed in court. Besides, what's to stop the criminal hitting his head on a wall and ten claiming you did it? What's to stop them doing that if you happen to meet in a quiet alleyway?  What you guys deserve to have over there is what we're slowly getting over here one state at a time; the castle doctrine. This law states, amongst other things, that a criminal can't file charges against you if they were hurt in the commission of a crime. It also says that you're allowed to use whatever amount of force is necessary if you feel that you're in danger of bodily harm or death. Doesn't this (as you've worded it) allow paranoid schizophrenics to run rampage? Doesn't it also give give unjust power to the homeowner - who can (yes, I'm using it a lot recently) assume a lynch mob mentality, do whatever he likes to the trespasser and then claim it was justified?  Not over here. So many police have faced mocked-up BB guns that laws have been passed that state using a fake gun in the commission of a crime will be treated the same as if the gun was real, and personally I think this is a good idea.  When a criminally-inclined individual produces a weapon of any sort, that shows that they aren't reasonable, that shows that they're fully intent on causing violence against you. I thought this was 'treated by the police at the time', not 'treated by the law after the facts are known'. It justified police shooting kids with BB guns who may have been carrying a deadly weapon - something I'm uncertain about but which is probably just about justifiable.  If someone produces a fake gun it doesn't prove that they're intent on causing violence. It proves they're intent on intimidating you.
Maybe, but the fact that a criminal can admit their guilt and sue the innocent party that injured them is just insane. In a way they're waving their fifth amendment rights in trying to sue somebody, because to do such they need to incriminate themselves as having been involved in a crime in order to have a leg to stand on.It doesn't matter that they waive their rights. Anyone who chooses not to buy a gun is doing this. And it's important that criminals can still recieve equal protection from the law regarding crimes commited upon them. If a criminal broke into a house, was beaten and raped and then let go, would you say that the homeowner should not be punished?  Good question, what is stopping them right now? The fact that they would be laughed out of court and not receive anything for it? It's the same reason that most burglars who are caught will not sue the homeowner - only if they think they will benefit from it. This is pretty much never the case, unless it is justified.  Anybody can claim it if they want, but the police are still going to investigate the incident to see if you're telling the truth. If they have evidence that supports your claim then the law specifies that an overzealous District Attorney can't recommend that you face criminal charges anyway. But if the evidence is to the contrary, the castle doctrine isn't gonna help you one bit.It's your house. I'm fairly sure you could make up a story that isn't on line with the truth.  Well because police training is responsible for them treating the sight of a realistic-looking fake weapon as a real weapon, and so much public outcry over criminal youth being shot when they weren't lethally armed, these laws are being passed. That's my point. The law is to protect the police at the time of the incident, not to prosecute an individual after the fact. Maybe over there, not over here though. I'm not talking about legally, I'm talking about in reality. Someone with a fake gun doesn't have intent to cause violence, because he doesn't have the means to cause violence.
There's a difference in this instance. The fifth amendment is there so you don't have to incriminate yourself as having done something wrong.I'm aware what the fifth amendment states. But it's just as possible to choose to waive that right as any other, such as the 2nd.  That'd definitely show some forethought and planning ahead of time. Huh? I missed what you're saying entirely, sorry. Are you saying the criminal would plan to be raped? Or the homeowner planned to rape the criminal?  Police still have the authority to search and gather evidence. If you get in the way they charge you with obstructing justice. If you lie you're charged with that too.You mean, 'caught' lying. I'm not suggesting, I'm just saying that it's a plausible outcome.  The point is, use of a fake weapon will still result in real charges. At least over here it will. This may be - I'm afraid I'm going to ask for a source that say that producing a replica gun results in charging with attempt to cause violence, however, because the law doesn't make sense to me (see below).  Excuse me? What'd you say? Somebody without a weapon doesn't have the means to actually cause violence? You're saying that an unarmed man can't have intent to cause violence since he's unarmed? That's positively crazy and plain nonsense.  Just because you're unarmed doesn't mean that you have no intent or means to harm someone. You can face charges for beating somebody to a bloody pulp with your bare hands.But the fact that he suddenly produces a fake gun doesn't suddenly mean that he has the intent to cause violence, is my point. The fake gun is moot. However, if the gun was real, then it would be much more serious...
Maybe over there, but over here that just isn't the case. Again, I'm only talking about reality, not the legal interpretation thereof.
AA is a self declared Evangelical Fundie. Where he's concerned the Bible comes into everything, including this.
Where "he's concerned" being the relevant point. You bring me into a debate I wasn't even participating in at this juncture.   Mat was replying to you in the post R quoted.
My problem with your opening post is how word your position "we should have some gun control laws". That statement implies that you are in favor of laws just for the sake of laws, regardless of their effect. Instead I would say that there are some good gun laws and some good concepts, such as, as you said, felons being denied access to weapons. I would add a ban on modern cannonry, child purchases of weapons, brandishing, carying while drunk, etc. We already have these laws, although they, in my opinion, need some work. For instance, in Ohio it is illegal to cary drunk, but also to cary in any establishment that serves alcohol, regardless of drunkenness or even intention to drink.
Gun control is a myth. The laws are only good if someone is following them. A convicted felon is not allowed to have a gun - but a significant percentage do!   A felon does not loose is 4th, 5th, and 6th amendment rights because of a conviction. Why the second? Fact is - again - laws can't prevent anyone from obtaining a gun. I don't know of too many felons that have killed people with their right against unreasonable search and seizure, or right to due process, or their right to a speedy trial...do you? No right should be viewed as absolute. The 1st amendment ensures freedom of speech, but does that give you the right to stand up in a crowded movie theater and yell "fire"? Laws can and do prevent people from obtaining guns, although many others simply skirt around those laws.   The second amendment says, ... "shall not be infringed." I support no gun control. I do support VERY strong penalties for using a gun to commit a crime. That will take the criminals off the street and with them off the street there are no gun control concerns. So you support allowing a 10 y/o to buy an Uzi and carry it into a federal court house or school as long as he does not commit a crime? Wow.   And your logic about taking criminals off the street and then having no gun control concerns would be perfect...if we had a finite number of criminals. We don't. New murderers and theives and carjackers and dope dealers and bank robbers and child rapists are born every day.
Okay fair enough, voice of reason - the assumption was that we were talking about adults. Then in fact you do support some measures of gun control.   And these new murders... get guns now correct? And they are released rather quickly back into the system correct? Assuming they are "new" then they can buy a gun legally now. Assuming the are repeat offenders then they can still get a gun if they want one. Drugs are illegal yet easy to get - same with guns. My point is - if you use a gun in a the comission of a crime then the penality should be VERY severe. Most crimes are committed by repeat offenders. I agree. In fact, I am for absolutely draconian sentences for violent criminals. I support the 3 strike rule for violent felons.   My argument is simple. Making a rule saying that the penalty will be more severe if you commit a crime with a gun is a great thing. In fact, I see this as an indirect measure of gun control in and of itself. And yes, many criminals are repeat offenders, but were once first time felons themselves. I understand you cannot stop someone with no criminal record from buying a gun, and I wouldn't want to. But, why make it easy for felons who are likely to repeat their crimes to purchase weapons? I understand that guns are not that difficult to come by on the street, but this is no excuse to blindly arm felons. Background checks, wating periods, etc. all have a purpose. If you are a law abiding citizen, you will have no problem getting a gun.
I bet freedom of the press is more dangerous than rtkba.  Mein Kamph.  Communist Manifesto.  That one scientology book.
IMO the biggest problem with most gun control laws is that they lack a crime control element, rather they are just restrictions on what law abiding citizens may and may not do/have. That is nonsensical. For example, the entire brady bill is not aimed at criminals...criminals are not going to fill out paperwork and wait for a background check.   Gun control laws that DO have a crime control element are, IMO, good. For example, in KS if you are caught breaking and entering and have a firearm in your possession you get a much stiffer punishment. I think that Virginia has the ultimate crime control law when it comes to carrying a concealed weapon....it is illegal to do so with felonious intent. Clear, concise, to the point, and does not restrict the rights of law abiding citizens on the off chance that it MAY have some effect on criminals.   AS far as felons with firearms go, I am a fence sitter on that issue. At one time this would have been a no brainer. Today, a LOT more things are felonies than used to be, and not all of them seem to be all that serious. In my state certain TRAFFIC offenses, or combinations of traffic offenses, are felonies (you don't even have to get a DUI). Frankly if we are going to turn things that were in the past misdemeanors or infractions into felonies, I do not think that we should restrict rights based on them.
So what is the point in making laws, if not to deter criminals? 'To give an excuse to carry out revenge on the criminal' is a poor excuse.
This is true. However, the two reasons for there being 'laws' are deterrent and penalisation - self-defence, and revenge. You and DLH have repeatedly said that 'gun laws won't affect criminals because criminals don't obey laws' - you are, in effect, saying that the 'deterrent/self-defence' part of the law is irrelevant. All that is left, therefore, is the penalisation/revenge side.  In short, if you think that gun control will not affect the amount of gun violence then you should also state that law as a preventative measure does not work. In which case, why have laws? The only reason left to you is to penalise the criminal for what they have already done - in other words, get revenge.
I don't think it was a joke... instead, it was pointing out the relative absurdity of your hypothetical.  That would, indeed, be self-defence. But gun ownership is really a moot point in such a situation.
Language of the poll is a bit vague. I'm a gun owner who do believe in some gun control. I definitely do not believe in outright bans on "specific" weapons, as in California.  So, we all should have the RIGHT to bear any arms we deem fit. If you decide to shot somebody, you should be tried for murder or attempted murder.   The condition of immediate physical injury or death must be present before you can fire. Training and conditioning should be part of all gun owners. Civilian defensive firearms training will condition your brain to acknowledge weapons (ie. knives, guns, bats, etc) as a sign of danger.  I've listened to interviews with imprisoned career burglars, their fears are breaking into a house, turning down an unfamiliar corridor, and looking down a barrel of a gun. emoticon_xkill And that fear of "looking down a barrel of a gun" may motivate the burglar to obtain a gun, thus becoming a greater threat to innocent people.
The "innocent people" have two options: 1) Be proactive. Own one firearm, be responsible, and train. 2) Step aside, present no threat to the burglar and allow yourself to be robbed.  Interestingly, the UK police advice on finding your home invaded is to get out as fast as possible. Personal possessions come cheap compared to human life, especially if you have been smart enough to take out insurance.  However, there is (also) the problem regarding of crimes of passion - to term an individual as an 'innocent' can be highly misleading. How many gun crimes are committed because a gun bought for personal safety was misused?  Honestly, I have no idea. But I suspect that in several cases - especially those of the high-profile school shootings - the presence of a gun was too much temptation for those under emotional and/or mental stress. If the man who stabbed seven to death in Tokyo had had easy access to a firearm, how much higher would the death toll have been?
So, why would strict background checks and waiting periods on guns not be effective? Why would gun control proponents not be satisfied with this? This makes sure that guns are only in the right hands, and isn't that what everyone wants? Some people that can pass a background check purchase guns for people that can not pass a background check.
 The beauty of living in the USA. We have the choice to defend ourselves... or walk (run) away. That is a right nobody should be denied. Attacking someone is not defending yourself. Attacking someone is attack. A gun is an offensive weapon, not defensive - if you want to defend your home, buy a decent burglar alarm and/or surveillance equipment, or a safe room.  In 2005 (only statistics I can find at the moment, US Dept of Justice), there was 0.1 victims of murder (with and without firearms) per 1,000 of the population over 12 years of age. For argument sake, let's say over 50% of these violent crimes are commited with some kind of firearm. Therefore, 0.05 murder victims per 1,000 of the population over 12 years of age; or transversely, for one victim there is one criminal, you can also say 0.00005% of the population is committing murder with firearms.  You would want to deny the rights of the masses by this percentage? Does that sound fair to you?  BTW, You can make statistics say anything. Especially when playing with percentages. Not quite. This table shows that there are ~ 10,000 murders per year by firearm in the US. That's 0.0033%, not 0.00005% - which would equate to a piffling ~150 deaths. I think it's worth decreasing 10,000 murders per year, if only by a small percentage. If a 'right' puts innocents at risk, it shouldn't be a 'right'.  So, why would strict background checks and waiting periods on guns not be effective? Why would gun control proponents not be satisfied with this? This makes sure that guns are only in the right hands, and isn't that what everyone wants? That would be fine - but I would add in the extra condition that 'self defence' is not a valid reason for owning a gun. See the UK system of gun ownership.
"the force used in self-defense must be reasonable in relation to the harm threatened, and no person may use deadly force in self-defense unless he reasonably feared, under the circumstances as they appeared to him, that he was in danger of being killed or that he was in danger of great bodily harm."I have no problem with this. What I do have, is the problem shown  here and here (all references to 'shoot them first'). This is the way that gun use seems to be taking America.  Firearms are merely one tool that may be used to defend yourself. They provide the weak with the means to resist the life-threatening attack of the strong. Or provide the weak with an oppertunity to threaten and attack the strong. It works both ways.   If a woman were being attacked in her kitchen by a knife wielding and much stronger man, and she killed him in self defense, would you praise or at least excuse her for saving her own life by stabbing him with a butcher knife taken from her drawer, but condemn her if she shot him with a handgun she kept in her purse? I would excuse anyone for killing anyone in (what I would call) self defence - the heat of the moment. If the woman killed the man with a knife or a gun when there was no threat to her, I would condemn it. It's just easier to do this with a gun, and knives have legitimate purposes. I would be almost as dismayed to find that a woman was carrying around a kitchen knife in her purse as a gun.   I have reasons, but unless and until the 9 headed Caesar decides that the RKBA is to be struck from my nation's charter (and that decision is due any day now) then I don't have to provide them before I get permission to exercise this right.  Fair enough, but I am arguing to limit that right, so this doesn't much convince me. The main argument for the historical context of the right to bear arms is the means to form a millitia against an invading army - somewhat out of date, 250 years later.  I disagree with this assertion. There are a number of people who have said similar things about the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure, the right to remain silent, the right of habeas corpus, and the right of counsel. The question I have is how far would you carry your statement? If I were to use your statement as a justification for limiting these other rights, then how would you respond?  Each and every case must be looked at on an individual basis - and for each case, you have to look at the consequences of taking away each 'right'. If the consequences are (in total) positive - as I believe a limit on firearms would be, then you have a justification for taking action. Simply quoting the constitution can not justify it - the only thing that this seems to be allowed for is 'holy' texts, on the basis that they are dictated by higher powers.  But perhaps the better question is what right does anyone else have to demand that I surrender my firearms? Heh, nice question. But again, it is based on the current constitution. Should guns be controlled, that would give people the right to demand that you surrender your weapons, just as the state currently demends that you hand over all terrorists, drugs and illegal material.  What if you can't afford that? Let them invade your home? And the police won't be there instantly. It can be hours before they arrive. This gives the intruder plenty of time to take what they want and escape.  I've mentioned elsewhere that, given that your home has been invaded, having the criminal take what they want and leave is one of the better possible outcomes.  Your beloved table shows number of people killed, not number of people killing. I was using NoobDebator's assertation that "for one victim there is one criminal". To do otherwise throws his logic out the window either way.  How does that help if you don't have UK violent crime rates. I have shown you UK homicide rates, many times. The wikipedia table has gone from the page, but here is the government page on it. "Contrary to public perception, the overall level of gun crime in England and Wales is very low - less than 0.5% of all crime recorded by the police."
When my home state of Virginia streamlined and relaxed its CCW permit process about 15 years ago the consensus was many more Virginians would get permits and carry concealed. That belief was certainly born out. The alarmist cries of "there will be blood" have long since faded, however, and those who uttered them retired in silence when their prophecy of shootouts in stores and on the streets by untrained, ill-prepared, and trigger happy CCW permit holders proved false. These same prophets resurfaced in the more recent debate in Florida, where the law was changed granting greater authority to citizens to use firearms to defend themselves outside their homes. We saw similar alarmist claims that Florida would become the "Gunshine State" and we would see a spike in handgun violence by CCW permit holders in situations like "shootings by enraged drivers at accident scenes."   Where are all these false prophets today?  I was on another forum a while back and a lady was saying that if they ever passed concealed carry in her state she would move because she was not willing to live in a state where they have wild west style shootouts in the streets and have people blowing each other away at traffic accidents.  She was REALLY SHOCKED to learn that her state had passed concealed carry over 5 years prior, that they were a "shall issue" state, and that over a million of her fellow citizens held permits.    I must respectfully yet completely disagree here. There is absolutely no evidence to suggest the main argument in favor of a militia system was that it was intended to protect my nation from external enemies. The Founders of my nation did not fight against an invading army. They fought against the standing army of their own government. The "main argument" for the militia system arose from a very real fear of a standing army and its use by a domestic tyrant as an instrument of his tyranny. The militia clause of the 2nd. Amendment is nothing more than a restatement of this important principle: "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free state; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty." (cite in link below). I defy anyone to show how this primary original intent has become less relevant with the passage of time.   This currently popular bastardization (that the purpose was protection from an invading army) is, IMO, little more than a thinly veiled attempt to make gun owners look unreasonable and the second look outdated. Arguing that the population at large needs weapons to protect from foreign invasion is pretty silly. We have a HUGE (really...massive...EXPENSIVE) military for that.   I have never found any historic evidence that protecting against a foreign invasion was a primary consideration when it came to the RKBA, or even of the militia system. They were FAR more concerned with keeping our OWN GOVERNMENT in line than in repelling a foreign invasion. Certainly the armed populace was useful in the second role, but that was not the primary purpose.
