Do you favor Legalizing the Medical use of Marijuana ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/medical_marijuana .HTM
Is 'decriminalisation' ever considered an option?
They just recently legalized marijuana in Canada and they don't seem to be having much problems now that it's legal  Um, that's not really accurate... See this page from the CBC.  My father tried to get a medical waiver for "medicinal use", but apparently 10 joints a day is considered more along the lines of "habitual use". ;)  He does have a valid medical need for it, but he likes to over-medicate.  The same is true for lots of people. Like my grandmother, who's been on doctor-prescribed daily sedatives for more than 50 years.
Just a few thoughts.  Jurisdictions that arrest people for driving drunk usually permit the construction and operation of bars that have parking lots.  Legalization of marijuana will be difficult to accomplish because of the present tremendous income to lawyers and police due to its being illegal.  The government could tax (highly) the sale of marijuana and pay off the national debt in a relatively short time.  Hehe! In Louisiana (where I am from) we have drive-though dacquiri shops where they give you the huge cup with a straw right in yer car, and drive-through liquor stores, of course.  Not true really. The governement spends a huge amount of money on anti-marijuana campaigns and advertisements. Also, they pay (quite well at that) a large staff to fight the war on drugs, people to do research, people to write articles, etc... Then they also pay to keep these "dangerous criminals" locked up in local, county, state and federal prisons, as well as the litigation to put them there. Yes, some lawyers are making money off of marijuana arrests, but consider that the DA and public defenders all work for the state or city, which means that we as taxpayers are footing the bill for this. It seems to be a common misconception that the police and legal system make a great deal of money off of drug arrests. How exactly do they make money off of them and where does thatt money come from? The only way to make drug arrests profitable is to sell the drugs back to the drug dealers, which to no surprise has been done more than a few times (not as a rule, but it has happened). By making drugs, especially marijuana legal, we would be eliminating all of this wasteful spending, and could focus our money towards more worthwhile costs.  Just because we think it's "wasteful spending" doesn't mean all those cops, DA's and prison wardens don't call it an honest livin'.
Bump.... I thought those who were on the other thread might like to read this one too.... emoticon_xangel
I think it should be legalized for medical use only (reducing the pain, nausea, and weight loss caused by AIDS). If it can ease the pain and suffering of someone, that's fine. I see no use for it other than that. What kind of society will we live in when people can freely smoke something that is 5 times more cancerous than cigarettes, causes lung damage, and pregnancy complications.   It impairs motor coordination, reaction time, and it's a mild hallucinogen; great, another thing to have to test motorists for. Drunk driving isn't even under control yet, why should there be something else to monitor. It can change the brain chemistry and makes the brain more open for such other drugs as cocaine and heroin: gateway drug. I just don't think it's a good idea.  Used information from "Psychology Seventh Edition" David G. Myers Since the question for for medical use.... Let's see I can think of numerous drugs that all do those things that are prescribed daily to millions of people. Morphine=addictive Oxycontin=addictive need I say more.... hmm gateway drugs
I've seen people do more stupid things drunk than high.   Pardon my French, but so ****ing what?
Pardon my French, but so ****ing what?  Its quite simple really.
Man has been smoking pot since man discovered it... keeping it illegal won't change that!   I myself discovered pot while still in school. My friends and I also discovered beer about the same time. Another thing we discovered was unless you could find an adult to buy you beer you couldn't get it. Of course getting pot was as easy as going to school, or the arcade, or the public pool, or the park ect.  In no way am I saying it was ok to do these things at that age, but think about... I can tell you from personal experience pot is easier for kids to get than beer!!!  The difference .. one is legal and controled the other is not.  Perhaps this is a good reason to make it legal.  Actually, the real reason is that one is easily concealed and the other is not so easily concealed.  If a case of beer could fit in your pocket then you'd be able to buy beer at school.  And I don't know about you, but it wasn't all THAT hard to get alcohol.
Well speed is homegrown and the profits stay within the US. Then there is the productivity benifits of having a jacked up population that never sleeps and can do manual tedious labor for days on end
Marijuana is illegal as medicine because the government makes no money out of it. As soon as Pfizer or Merck design a superweed, marijuana will be legal before you can say dope. Aren't there already drugs in existence that contain the chemicals that are (supposedly) beneficial in marijuana (i.e. THC)?
Let's legalize craziness! Craziness is already legal, just look at all the neo-cons that got elected into power. ;)
I have enjoyed reading viewpoints in this thread. I think all will admit that we are losing this war on drugs, which is primarily a war on supply. Regardless of the product, if a demand exists that guarantees huge profits then there will always be those that will feed that demand. I don't see a victory on the horizon, but I do think the war should be fought on both fronts and more done to reduce demand. Alcohol and smoking are trending downward as our youth no longer see it as cool. Hopefully with the right education and rehab efforts we can, over time, slow the flow of new and old customers. Legalization as a means to winning this war is a complex subject with a lot of unanswered questions and I hope to see more studies on this. Major question is can the war be won or is it just an ongoing holding action. Dono
I would argue that there would be a decrease in crime, for certain. And why is that?
@JPSartre  Ok, you're being overly technical here. Yes, legalization of all drugs would decrease drug crime in the same way that legalization of murder would decrease violent crime. This doesn't stop people from using though.  On another note, I do think the "War on Drugs" has been handled very poorly. We need to treat users very differently than we treat traffickers and the like.  Personally, I am for decriminilization of pot, but not legalization, and that's it.
So, your position is based on pragmatism and not principle? Of course it is. We don't live in a theocracy here. Who we jail always should be about pragmatism. The purpose of jailing people is to protect society; either through removing those people from society, or rehabilitating them.  I do not think we need mandatory sentencing which has tossed judicial discretion out the window. I think we need to be treating users, not jailing them.  As far as pot is concerned, I take that position because I think our money is far better spent on education and health care and the like, rather than keeping a twenty year old pothead behind bars.
So you have to be in a theocracy in order to have principles? emoticon_confused  My point was we shouldn't be jailing people based on the current whim principles of whoever is in office at the moment. We don't jail people for speaking negatively about the bible for example, simply because someone in power values it.  Mandatory sentencing is counter-productive if you have a limited jail capacity. Mandatory sentencing is counter=productive period. That's what I said.  Personally, I think that my money is better spent BY ME rather than Uncle Sam. :)  That's for a entirely different discussion about conservativism and liberalism.
why cant the goverment decide how to spend there money i dont get your point could you clariphy
Should marijuana be legalized?  Whats stopping the legalization of it?
It's gonna be a long summer. emoticon_rolleyes
Seems to be a lot of bad information about various drugs.  Alcohol:  1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive. Sometimes physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Moderate (usually self limiting, however when consumed in massive doses over a short period of time, can cause death due to liver failure, kidney failure, apnea (lack of breathing), or disturbance in electrolyte balance causing sudden cardiac arrest.)    Heroin: 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Both highly psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (simply put to much in the syringe, or unexpectedly get a more potent dose, you stop breathing, dead)  Cocaine (including crack): 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (snort or smoke too much, massive heart attack, dead)  Marijuana: 1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive, not physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Extremely Low (you would have to smoke an enormous amount of marijuana to kill you, not likely)  Tobacco: 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Both psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Low (usually as the result of underlying cardiac disease aggravated by cardiac affects of nicotine)  Tylenol: 1. Low potential for abuse. 2. Neither psychologically or physically addictive 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (taking simply 5-10 times normal dose can cause liver failure and clotting problems)  Do all drugs have side effects? Yes. Can most drugs be damaging when taken in excessive dosages? Yes. Can most drugs have serious effects on health after long term or excessive usage? Yes.   Know your drug. Know your dosage. Know the effects. Know the risks. Know the long term consequences. I'd like to add chocolate cake to the list.   Chocolate cake: 1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive, not physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Extremely Low (you would have to eat an enormous amount of chocolate cake to kill you, not likely)
Everything can be psychologically addictive. Or, better, people can get addicted to anything. This forum could become someone's addiction.  The problem with drugs is not what the drug does to the drug user. It's what the drug drives the user to do to others that the problem. From employment loss to crime and I'm not talking about smuggling. I'm talking about minors prostituting themselves for their drug money. About shaking teenagers robbing people in parks. About teenagers stealing their grandfather's WWII medals and pawning them.  P.S. Teenagers are generally more easily ensnared, that's why I'm focusing on them. However, adults are no better at all.
Well, uh... I know I might sound like a freaking degenerated european leftist, or whatever EZ and likes label people like me, but, right now I'm living the very best period of my life, in all regards. I am working harder than I ever did, for myself and my family. I wake up early in the morning and I know why. I discover lots of things because I'm more curious than before, and less scared of what I don't know. I have more true friends than before and I feel more confident generally. As anybody, I'm far from being perfect, and I'm trying to focus on the problems that need to be solved. Nothing lasts forever, but I can say I'm happy because I feel lucky and I try to enjoy what I have now.  And I love listening to some good old Black Sabbath and Cypress Hill when I'm chillling :)
If you think the illegal drugs are costly....just look at this information about the legal ones.  ==========================================================  Let's hear it for Costco!! (This is just mind boggling!) Make sure you  read all the way past the list of the drugs. The woman that signed  below is a Budget Analyst out of federal  Washington, DC offices.    Did you ever wonder how much it costs a drug company for the active  ingredient in prescription medications? Some people think it must cost  a lot, since many drugs sell for more than $2.00 per tablet. We did a  search of offshore chemical synthesizers that supply the active  ingredients found in drugs approved by the FDA. As we have revealed in  past issues of Life Extension, a significant percentage of drugs sold  in the United  States contain active ingredients made in other countries. In our  independent investigation of how much profit drug companies really  make,  we obtained the actual price of active ingredients used in some of the  most popular drugs sold in America.    The data below speaks for itself.   Celebrex: 100 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $130.27  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.60  Percent markup: 21,712%    10 Claritin: 10 mg  Consumer Price (100 tablets): $215.17  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.71  Percent markup: 30,306%    Keflex: 250 mg  Consumer Price (100 tablets): $157.39  Cost of general active ingredients: $1.88  Percent markup: 8,372%    Lipitor: 20 mg  Consumer Price (100 tablets): $272.37  Cost of general active ingredients: $5.80  Percent markup: 4,696%    10 Norvasc: 10 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $188.29  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.14  Percent markup: 134,493%    20 Paxil: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $220.27  Cost of general active ingredients: $7.60  Percent markup: 2,898%    30 Prevacid: 30 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $44.77  Cost of general active ingredients: $1.01  Percent markup: 34,136%      Prilosec: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $360.97  Cost of general active ingredients $0.52  Percent markup: 69,417%    Prozac: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets) : $247.47  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.11  Percent markup: 224,973%    50 Tenormin: 50 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $104.47  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.13  Percent markup: 80,362%     10 Vasotec: 10 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $102.37  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.20  Percent markup: 51,185%    1 Xanax: 1 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets) : $136.79  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.024  Percent markup: 569,958%    20 Zestril: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets) $89.89  Cost of general active ingredients $3.20  Percent markup: 2,809    600 Zithromax: 600 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $1,482.19  Cost of general active ingredients: $18.78  Percent markup: 7,892%    40 Zocor: 40 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $350.27  Cost of general active ingredients: $8.63  Percent markup: 4,059%     50 Zoloft: 50 mg  Consumer price: $206.87  Cost of general active ingredients: $1.75  Percent markup: 11,821%        Since the cost of prescription drugs is so outrageous, I thought  everyone should know about this. Please read the following and pass it  on.    It pays to shop around. This helps to solve the mystery as to why they  can afford to put a Walgreen's on every corner. On Monday night,  Steve Wilson, an investigative reporter for Channel 7 News in Detroit,  did a story on generic drug price gouging by pharmacies. He found in  his investigation, that some of these generic drugs were marked up as  much as 3,000% or more. Yes, that's not a typo.....three thousand  percent! So often, we blame the drug companies for the high cost of  drugs, and usually rightfully so. But in this case, the fault clearly  lies with the pharmacies themselves. For example, if you had to buy a  prescription drug, and bought the name brand, you might pay $100 for  100 pills.  The pharmacist might tell you that if you get the generic equivalent,  they would only cost $80, making you think you are "saving" $20. What  the pharmacist is not telling you is that those 100 generic pills may  have only cost him $10!    At the end of the report, one of the anchors asked Mr. Wilson whether  or not there were any pharmacies that did not adhere to this practice,  and he said that Costco consistently charged little over their cost  for the generic drugs.    I went to the Costco site, where you can look up any drug, and get its  online price. It says that the in-store prices are consistent with the  online prices. I was appalled. Just to give you one example from my own  experience, I had to use the drug, Compazine, which helps prevent  nausea in chemo patients.     I used the generic equivalent, which cost $54.99 for  60 pills at CVS. I checked the price at Costco, and I could have bought  100 pills for $19.89. For 145 of my pain pills, I paid $72.57. I could  have got 150 at Costco for $28.08.    I would like to mention, that although Costco is a "membership" type  store, you do NOT have to be a member to buy prescriptions there, as it  is a federally regulated substance. You just tell them at the door that  you wish to use the pharmacy, and they will let you in. (this is true)    I went there this past Thursday and asked them. I am asking each of  you to please help me by copying this letter, and passing it into your  own e-mail, and send it to everyone you know with an e-mail address.    Sharon L. Davis  Budget Analyst  U.S. Department of Commerce  Room 6839  Office Ph: 202-482-4458  Office Fax: 202-482-5480  E-mail Address: sdavis@doc.gov
How nice of her not to mention the billions of dollars it costs to develop the drugs... Or does she think that the pharmaceutical companies copy the recipies out of the the big dope cookbook?  It's about as stupid as saying that Windows XP is too expensive since cd's only cost a dollar a piece.
But isn't the point with generic drugs that someone else paid the development costs. The article appears to be about pharmacies marking up low cost generic drugs, rather than complaining about brand-name drugs that are priced high at wholesale level.
No offense to Jim, as I have a lot of respect for him, but this post sounded less like an informative article, but an advertisement for Costco. People have many misconceptions about the cost of drugs. Most people have little idea if where the real costs come from. Here is a general idea, at least from the US point of view.  1. Active ingredient (as shown in Jim's post) 2. Inactive ingredients (fillers, binders, and other materials needed to contain and deliver the active ingredient) 3. Cost of deveploment of the drug, which generally involves years of research, testing, and analysis even before FDA approval is given. 4. Marketing (TV, radio, magazine, etc...not to mention the drug reps, who wine and dine doctors and other health care workers to the tune of BILLIONS a year just to have the doctors use their product) 5. Cost of production (workers who actually make the drugs, who happen to be payed well because it is a dangerous job, and all other workers associated with the drug company, ie janitors, paramedics / EMTS, firefighters (many drug manufacturing plants have their own fire depts), office staff, etc). 6. Cost to ship the drug to your town and pharmacy. 7. Cost added by the pharmacy, including the charge for the pharmacist (who makes a lot of money).  These are only a few of the more obvious costs associated with the cost of the pills that one can get at the pharmacy.
I'd guess the stats are similar for many consumer products.  The basic ingredients of a $100 pair of nike trainers is a tiny % of the price you pay.  -Wez
Before I had prescription coverage through my job, I received a free brand name prescription drug straight from the manufacturer. A lot of people are eligible for this type of program, they just have to find out about it. By the way, the drug was called Sensipar and is used to treat elevated parathyroid horomone levels. This is a brand new drug, not a generic, and I was able to get it completely free of charge.
snakespit missed one of the big expences of everything medical, liability insurance. in medicine anything can get you sued. you hear about the multi-million dollar settlements from drug interactions, side effects, ect., where do you think the money for the setalments come from? then you have to remember the slow payment of the fed. system (the hospital where i work is starting to get madacaer payments for '03).
I would like to see the cost to manufacture in the list.  That would be the only way we could know how much the profit is.
Edegra really makes getting an erection easy during the sexual intercourse. Erectile dysfunction is the dreadful problem that men all over the world are facing. Edegra is a guaranteed solution for the erectile dysfunction. Couples who were failing to have the children because of the erectile dysfunction have tried Edegra and are now thankful it. The first baby that the couple had because of Edegra is completely healthy and normal. Edegra has made child bearing wish of the women possible by giving their partners a strong and long lasting erection. Up course sperm count plays a major role in pregnancy, but if you fail to get erection then how will man be able to put his sperms inside the women reproductive organ. Thus, erection is very necessary for the men to make women pregnant.  When a man suffers from the erectile dysfunction he is unable to get the erection or to hold the erection for the sufficient amount of time during the sexual intercourse. Nearly 70% of the men in the world are facing the problem of erectile dysfunction whether temporarily or permanently. One dose of Edegra 30 minutes before the sexual intercourse gives you the erection through which you can satisfy your partner by holding the erection pretty long during the intercourse. With the help of Edegra you will be able to get a hard and strong erection through which you can penetrate completely inside the vagina. You will be able to enjoy and give the sexual pleasure to your partner by taking Edegra before the sexual activity.  _________________________________________________________________
Surprised I didn't see this raging here already.  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,193616,00.html
I find it odd that you support marijuana being legalized....I thought you wanted a more productive US, and I don't think you meant an increase in Frito Lay sales. Ok...I'll bite. What does legalization of Marijuana have to do with our country becoming more or less productive?
Anyway, the law is still dumb because the goal is to "find the suppliers" since it is illegal to sell. Now you just have more sellers since it is legal...great job  It's only legal to have small amounts. Less time arresting people with small amounts means more time going after the dealers.
and more of them since you can have a small amount of drugs on you (which is all a user needs) More of who?
If Mexico legalizes drug use, the U.S. could trade it's dope heads for hard working Mexicans who could pay taxes and make the U.S. more capable of sending aid to Mexico. Seems like a fair trade to me. lol
That's probably because drugs kill less people than tobacco. Weed (a VERY common drug of course) hasn't killed ANYONE...  The problem with the tobacco companies is that they knew and lied about the negative affects of smoking.
I see both sides of the arguement and, personally, haven't decided yet about whether to support drug legalization.  On the pro-drug legalization side, I can see the arguements: 1) For those people who are able to use drugs responsibly, the legalization of strong drugs (cocaine, heroine, etc.) would be no different than people's use of alcohol.  2) Drug legalization would allow for the drug trade to be directed by legal companies under the control of the government, thus putting the drug lords out of business and reducing drug-related crime.  3) Legalization of drugs could also allow drug companies to develop and manufacture drugs that are not addictive.   The arguements against drug legalization might include: 1) Many people are not able to use drugs responsibly (despite their own dillusions that they are) and, either through ignorance or weakness, allow themselves to get addicted - thus potentially causing themselves and others harm in their desperation for drugs.  2) Legalizing drugs would constitute government sanction of drugs - i.e. that it is "ok" to use them. This might increase the amount of drug users. Since most drug use generally renders society less competent, this would be a negative.   Anyway, those are a few arguements for and against drug legalization. I haven't decided either way.
There's no such thing as responsible or moderate heroin use. Why do you say that? Do you claim that it is immediately addictive? I am seriously asking since I am not an expert in this. How would it do that? It would take time. However, the drug trade that is lucrative for illegal cartels would become lucrative for a drug company to pursue. I would assume that there would be insentives for drug companies to then develop drugs for recreational use that are not addictive - either via government pressure (limitations on addictive drugs) or through customer interest.   As in my earlier post, I can see both the pros and cons of legalizing drugs. I would be against the blanket legalization of all drugs since some are clearly quite addictive. However, I am undecided as to the more benign drugs such as marijuana. Part of it comes into the question of how much we should let laws protect people from themselves and their own irresponsibility.
Drug companies already make drugs that are addictive, and there's no pressure for them to stop, what would be any different if all drugs were legal? I assume that the addictive drugs which companies make now are tolerated by the government because their medical benifits outweigh the negatives of their addictive aspects and since there might not be suitable non-addictive alternatives for the particular ailments in question.   In the case of legalized drugs, I would assume that the government would have some incentive of limiting the development, use or distribution of addictive drugs for the sake of protection of society. Customers also would probably prefer to have drugs that can give them the same "high" without the risk of addiction. Some would only take drugs if they were not addictive - opening up a pool of new customers. Both these reasons might entice drug companies to develop non-addictive versions of drugs.
And what's stopping them from doing that now? A legal company would not develop non-addictive versions of currently illegal drugs since there would be no market for them, no profit, unless they sold those illegal but non-addictive drugs illegally (in which case the government would shut them down).  As for their making non-addictive versions of drugs for medical uses, since they have a market already of people who NEED the drug and have nowhere else to go, they might have less incentive to develop a non-addictive version of the drug. A competitor might come along with a new version of the drug that is non-addictive and equally effective - something attractive to customers. If that competitor steals away market share, then they might be inclined to do more research into a non-addictive alternative.   Competition does have its benefits too. Indeed, if drugs were legalized, competition between drug companies might drive drugs to become the thing that customers want - i.e. potent but not-addictive.
If they were non-addictive versions, they wouldn't be the same drug and therefore probably wouldn't be illegal. Think about it, if there was some drug that gave all the energy and euphoria of cocaine, without any negative effects, don't you think it would be out there and be the hottest thing on the market? Not necessarily. For example, from what I understand, marijuana is not addictive and it does give people a nice 'high" but it is still illegal.   I think that the main reason that the more benign drugs are kept illegal is that they are mind-altering. Many, if not most, people in the US and other countries seem to be against allowing any more mind-altering substances to be used apart from those that are so ingrained in our culture that it would be nearly impossible to stop - namely, alcohol, caffeine (coffee) and nicotine (cigarettes, cigars, etc.).
That's a myth. There are plenty of marijuana addicts. People think that because marijuana addicts aren't shooting grandmas and killing random people to get their next fix that they aren't addicts. Marijuana isn't benign. What else are you referring to with "benign drugs?" In my Google search, I have read opinions both ways - including discussions on Marijuana containing various drugs - some addictive and some not. So, the jury is still out on Marijuana.  Either way, even if Marijuana is addictive, there are still many reasons that people choose to outlaw drugs that have little or nothing to do with their addictive value.  Wikipedia has a nice list: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arguments_for_and_against_drug_prohibition  So, I disagree that, were drug companies to develop drugs that were potent and non-addictive, that such drugs would automatically become legal.
That's a myth. There are plenty of marijuana addicts. People think that because marijuana addicts aren't shooting grandmas and killing random people to get their next fix that they aren't addicts. Marijuana isn't benign. What else are you referring to with "benign drugs?"  Marijuana is not physically addictive. It can however be psychologically addictive.
Sure there is. This practice is known as "chipping," and it specifically includes heroin users who shoot up occassionally without becoming addicts. Further, another relatively unknown fact about heroin is that there is little evidence proving that it is a "dangerous" drug. That is, there are no specific pathologies (e.g., serious illnesses or physiological deterioration) that are known to result from heroin use. And get this, there is not any scientific evidence to deny that we do more "irreversible" damage by smoking cigarettes and drinking liquor than by using heroin.I would call anything that can readily kill you a "dangerous" drug...wouldn't you? Medical consequences of chronic heroin injection use include scarred and/or collapsed veins, bacterial infections of the blood vessels and heart valves, abscesses (boils) and other soft-tissue infections, and liver or kidney disease. Lung complications (including various types of pneumonia and tuberculosis) may result from the poor health condition of the abuser as well as from heroin's depressing effects on respiration. Many of the additives in street heroin may include substances that do not readily dissolve and result in clogging the blood vessels that lead to the lungs, liver, kidneys, or brain. This can cause infection or even death of small patches of cells in vital organs. Immune reactions to these or other contaminants can cause arthritis or other rheumatologic problems.  http://www.starliterecovery.com/heroin-medtreat.php  * For intravenous users of heroin, the use of non-sterile needles and syringes and other materials leads to the risk of contracting blood-borne pathogens such as HIV and/or hepatitis infections from this drug injection, as well as the risk of contracting bacterial or fungal endocarditis and possibly Venous sclerosis  * Poisoning from contaminants added to "cut" or dilute heroin  * Chronic constipation  * Tolerance leading to larger doses to achieve the same effect  * Heroin-induced leukoencephalopathy (Very Rare, Smokers Only)  A small percentage of heroin smokers may develop symptoms of leukoencephalopathy. This is believed to be caused by an uncommon adulterant that is only active when heated. Symptoms include slurred speech and difficulty walking. Contrary to popular rumor, aluminum foil probably has nothing to do with the development of leukoencephalopathy in heroin users. http://www.medic8.com/medicines/Heroin.html  ...One of the most detrimental long-term effects of heroin is addiction itself. Addiction is a chronic, relapsing disease, characterized by compulsive drug seeking and use, and by neurochemical and molecular changes in the brain... http://www.medceu.com/index/index.php?page=get_course&courseID=2051&nocheck   While I agree that heroin can be used without becoming addictive, I would hardly classify heroin as a safe drug. Even those who use a clean needle every time are not immune to detrimental effects of heroin. While these people may have no risk of passing or aquiring HIV / Hepatitis, they still run many other risks common to heroin use.
I don't like Romney at all...but...  What a bogus BS question to ask considering that Romney really can't do anything about it anyway. Romney can't arrest anyone, nor did he say he would.
