yeah, I think they should legalise it full stop. Theres more important things for the police force to worry about than who is smoking weed. Plus I've been led to believe it's not much more harmful than smoking cigarrettes or drinking alcohol.
i am definatley for it. marijuana is does, as dirty said, take police in a different direction. alcohol is a lot more harmful that marijuana. when drunk, one is not aware of his or her actions. when one is high, one is.  it is hard to explain a high. it is like being in an alternate dimention. everything is the same, just something is different, but you can't put your finger on it. you are totally aware of your surroundings and what you are doing.  do you know why marijuana was made illegal? well, it was said that it causes the users to become violent, hyper, and malicious. this is false. it causes the user to become euphoric, calm, and everything but the reasons because.  the us is very greedy when it comes to this issue. the government would make it legal, only, it would be too hard for them to tax, because anyone can just grow it in their backyard. therefore, the government gets mad and makes it illegal. they enforce it all wrong too. you can go to jail for smoking marijuana. that is way wrong. my body, my problem.
yeh it should be legal, i think its a wonderfull drug that not only can help with phisical alements but is great for the mind.
I wouldn't exactly say it's 'great' for the mind since it's a drug none the less and isn't completely harmless to your body.  As far as danger to other people goes then I don't see any, the only thing someone high on canabis would attack is the food cupboard.
a matter of symantics. we already widely use a drug called marinol, which is synthetic THC (the psychoactive component of marijuanna). but the idea of someone puffing on a joint seems to scare the hell out of the "christian conservative" crowd. i wonder how many of them know about marinol and what they would say about it...especially if they were lying in bed with chemotherapy related nausea and pain. the problem lies with not only the christian crowd "the so called moral majority", but also with the government. as stated above, unless they can control it and tax the hell out of it to turn a profit, it will never be legalized.
smoking pot when it becomes a addiction is worse then when you become a alcoholic. Ive been a pot-head before where i smoke 2 or 3 times a day, and i can tell you its worse then drinking all the time.  you dont get sick like with alchohol and its a much better feeling getting high.  but pot being pretty pricey and illeagal, makes less people fall into that behavior.  but also you can be alot more productive and accomplish tasks easyer when high compared to being drunk.  i think its better as a recreational drug with moderation, i smoke 1 time a week and it helps relax me and it helps my sleeping become regular again.  and it does have other medical purposes, like motion sickness and glucoma.  but i beleve that people should be given the right to control there own habbits, so i am for it becoming legal.
I am for legalization of the "drug". Instead of saying why. I pose the question: Why not?  Always Stay Open Minded
the polotitions would say, "drug abuse is a major problem in our country especially amoung our youth. MJ has been shown is studys to be a gateway drug for more addictive and dangerous subtances"
Playing politics.  Most voters do not smile to the idea of teenagers sitting in coffee shops smoking a blunt and there not giving a politican who supports that there vote.  Always Stay Open Minded
well i would think if it were legal smoking age would be 21, and wether it would be legal for coffe shops to sell and have them smoke there would be doubtfull, all the anti-smoking ledgeslation going around, if not only in your homs it would only be in bars or something.
I'd like to see that study before I even consider that.
yeh i have a hard time beleving that fiqure, and a response would be that if it was legal, people would speak more frankly about it and find that driving while hight is bad. Freedom is all about responsiblity, yes freedom can be abused but it should never be taken away.
im all for the legalization of marijuana. They just recently legalized marijuana in Canada and they don't seem to be having much problems now that it's legal
The only problem I have with marijuana not being legal is that alcohol and cigarettes are legal. I don't see these things as being all that different other than marijuana is a gateway drug. Still I don't think this is enough of a difference to support alcohol being legal and marijuana being illegal.
Wasn't there a study that showed that 3 out of 5 teens who were involved in car accidents were high on marijuana? I'd think that it would get even worse with legalization...  Also, I read something about legalization costing the economy more than fighting the problem does now.  I find this to be highly (no pun intended) unlikely. speaking from experience, (i am a paramedic) i have very rarely been to an auto accident where the driver was high. drunk? hundreds of times. if you care to post statistics, back them up with the data. i don't believe those statistics for a second. i have driven both when i was high and when i was drunk, and while i am not proud of either, given the choice i would much rather drive high, you have much more control. and to your other point, leaglization of pot would most likely result in the government taxing the hell out of it, and being the sole distributers of it anyway. sounds to me like they could make a lot of money by that, instead of paying millions of dollars a year to fight a pointless war on a substance less harmful than alcohol.
Pot isn't a gateway drug in any meaningful sense
you know its the drug companys like phizer (that give polititions big contributions) that oppose legalization the most.
oh and majuana being illeagle makes it really hard on hemp farmers, i think i dont know? but hemp is supposed to have so many good uses... i dunno i heard that its almost like a mirical plant?
the state i live in its legal for the moment, but still old nasty federal laws, which have no right to exist cuz if anything its a state right to regulate.
you know its the drug companys like phizer (that give polititions big contributions) that oppose legalization the most.  Does anyone think that this may be because there is a medicinal benefit of marijuana, and that the drug companies are afraid that drugs suchs as antidepressents, apetite stimulants, anti-emetics (anti-puking), and mild pain relievers will be put aside in favor of a natural, effective medication that they cannot capitolize on? The drug companies have deep pockets, and in order to keep them that way, they will always use some of thier petty cash (to the tune of billions) annualy to bribe the government into making sure that they are the only legal game in town. Isn't it sad that a good, natural drug with many uses can be labled as illegal all in the name of the almighty greenback?
Instead of debating that there are negative effects of taking marijuana I'd like to know what the actual benefits of legalizing it will be to the American society. I'm not sure that there is a real benefit to legalizing it other than it will ease the work load on our police force and jails although this isn't even necessarily going to be the case.
legalizing drugs statistiacally lowers the crime rate dramatically. sweden legalized heroine (in clean, supervised places) and their crime is at an all-time low. we have to start somewhere.
Instead of debating that there are negative effects of taking marijuana I'd like to know what the actual benefits of legalizing it will be to the American society. I'm not sure that there is a real benefit to legalizing it other than it will ease the work load on our police force and jails although this isn't even necessarily going to be the case.  Allow me my friend.   1. Economic: The government could sell it, or if not sell it, at least tax it. In my home state (PA), the government controls the distribution of liquor. Believe me, I was shocked when I moved to FL and found that I could buy it at the grocery store and gas stations. This seemed strange to me. PA has "state stores" which are controlled by the PLCB (PA liquor control board.) But they sell it and make the money off of it. So if you either sell it or tax it, it can be very profitable.   2. Medical: Marijuana has many medicinal benefits. It aleviates nausea, helps control pain, stimulates appetite, and can help relieve ocular pressure caused by glaucoma. Sure we have drugs to do this, but some have bad side effects, some are very expensive, and some even can incapacitate the patient using them. Marijuana has side effects as well, all drugs do. But the side effects of marijuana are mild when used in limited doses. Marijuana is of special benefit to cancer and AIDS patients, for relieving nausea, increasing appetite, and control of pain. If you have read all the posts, you have probably noticed that I have talked about a drug called Marinol...It is pot in pill form. For people that argue against the benefits of medical marijuana, talk to any oncology nurse and ask them what the best drug they have for chemotherapy related nausea is. Marinol would be a great alternative to regular marijuana, but many elderly people with fixed incomes and many without insurance cannot afford to buy expensive prescription drugs. Marijuana could provide relief for this.   3. Prisons. You mentioned them, so here ya go. Our prisons are vastly overcrowded. Many prisoners are in jail simply for simple marijuana possession. Different states have different policies...I suggest looking at the NORMAL website for these laws, I was facinated to learn how diverse they could be. Some states have no penalty other than a civil offense...(basically a parking ticket). Some states have tough felony laws for simple possession. On average, above an once is usually the cutoff from misdemeanor to felony. This changes with subsequent offense. But an once is a legitimate supply for someone who wants to smoke it responsibly in their own home. It is like buying a carton of cigarettes instead of a pack at a time. You have it on hand, and it is cheaper. But back to prisons...hmmm. Locking up people for possesion of marijuana is pointless. Many of the people I know use it responsibly at home. These people are not hurting anyone, nor are they going out driving around while high. We could vastly ease the burden on taxpayers who are keeping all of these people in jail, and put the money to better uses. Prisons should be for dangerous people that need to be removed from society. If the government wants to keep it illegal, then they should stop locking responsible pot smokers up, and make them pay a simple fine. This again eases overcrowding and could help ease taxes on everyone. And just to throw the police in here... If you live in a rural area, it is rare the cops have anything better to do than to run around looking for little johnny and his 2 grams of pot. But if you live in a city like I do, you realize there is much more to be done. Cities are full of crime, more than the cops can handle. There are many things that they could be focussing on, like keeping my car from getting broken into every month! You will notice in many cities in America, and I have been to a lot of them, the cops will ignore someone on the corner smoking a joint. This is not because they support marijuana, it is usually because they are too busy, or they realize that the reward of getting 1 joint off the street is not worth all the paperwork they will have to do, and all the criminals they will be ignoring to do it. I usually didn't make a habit of smoking in public back when I was smoking (current job prevents it), but on one occasion, I was with a friend in downtown NYC. We just came out of a club, and he asked if I wanted a smoke. Why not? About halfway through the joint, a cop walked up to us. I thought I was going to die! He asked us if we would walk around the corner into the ally so we were not doing it right in front of the club, or put it out till later. I never laughed so hard in my life. Sorry, had to share.   Anyway, I think there are many benefits to marijuana, many more than I have posted here. Explore all the sides.
Instead of rewriting what I have already written numerous times, I will post a copy of a recent post I made on another thread regarding this same topic. You can find the original post here. ----------------------------------- I enjoy the experience of getting drunk, high, or anything else like that. This explains many of your posts. :lol: Ah, I'm just messin' with ya, man. Hey, I've never influenced while under the post of drugs! ;) (Italics for those who might not get it.)  There is the arguement that drug money supports terrorism, I'll leave that there...  "We know, for instance, that bin Laden and Al Qaida used tens of millions of dollars in profits from the diamond industry to fund their operations. So how come we didn't see a commercial with a woman, say, a senator's wife, fingering the diamonds on her sparkling tennis bracelet and admitting: 'I helped kids learn how to kill?' And, given the fact that 15 out of the 19 hijackers, and most of the detainees in Cuba, came from Saudi Arabia -- where the ruling family, glutted with oil profits, has coddled extremists for decades -- why no taxpayer-funded ad showing a soccer mom filling up her SUV and saying: 'I helped blow up buildings?'"{1}  i've already added my input to this thread, but i just want to say that smoking marujuana does impare your judgement, it does make you do stupid stuff, but that is half the fun!!!! I have not yet to done anything while high that I wouldn't do while sober. Nor have I witnessed (or heard of) any of my friends doing anything stupid while they enjoyed the intoxication of marijuana.  As for motivation, I have never had a problem with motivation, regardless of the drug. If I wanted or needed to get some work done while suffering intoxication, I still got the work done. I know plenty of people who actually smoke a joint or two before undergoing a major project, and they have no problem with the motivation for it.  "When heavy marijuana use accompanies these symptoms [lack of motivation], the drug is often cited as the cause, but no convincing data demonstrate a causal relationship between marijuana smoking and these behavioral characteristics." (Pp. 107, 108) {5}  Weed so needs to be legalized because it would make tons in tax revenue.They can't legalise it now. Because it would be taxed and possibly more expecnsive due to that, and there's already such an infrastructure for obtaining it illegally, people would still take that route, and there'd be no benefit to the government. The government would benefit from legalization. Decriminilization saves a large amount in enforcement costs. California alone would save $100 million per year.{2}  "In 1998, the federal governmeent spent $16 billion on the 'drug war.' Approximately 53% ($8.4 billion) was spent on enforcement, court, and prison expenses. (The rest was used for treatment and education.) In 1991--the most recent year for which data are available--state and local governments spent a total of nearly $16 billion, of which about %80 ($12.5 billion) was used for enforcement, court, and prison costs (National Drug Control Strategy, Office of National Drug Control Policy, Washington D.C., 1994)."{3} Costing more than $9 billion annually for taxpayers.  This to the people with the "limitation" arguement: to know your limitations, you have to pass them at least once. For the first time (I think), I agree with you, Tab.  Even if a person does know their limitations, and feels they still have the capabilities to drive or operate machinery, I think of such a thing as a mistake. Several times I have felt perfectly fine after a few shots of alcohol, then, after walking thirty feet, I suddenly lose hold for a split second and collapse. Granted, I gain control once again when I concentrate back onto it, but all one merely needs to lose concentration for a split second and they could lose complete control of any sort of vehicle.  Personally, I would hate the idea of getting arrested for killing a complete stranger while driving under the influence. What a waste. I would probably have killed a person I did not know, had no objections with, and I would not have even done it purposefully. If I have to spend a great part of my life in jail for murder, I would at least like to do it intentionally, and to someone I know and hate. (Please, do not misunderstand me. I do not plan to go out and kill anyone.)  Weed would be the less harsh of all of the illegal drugs, but, still, it is called the "gateway" drug. Sure, not everyone who smokes pot does other things, but usually most of the people who do other things get started smoking pot.  "It does not appear to be a gateway drug to the extent that it is the cause or even that it is the most significant predictor of serious drug abuse; that is, care must be taken not to attribute cause to association." (p. 101){5}  "There is no evidence that marijuana serves as a stepping stone on the basis of its particular physiological effect." (p. 99){5}  To add to that: I believe, from my studies, that marijuana becomes a "gateway drug" to those with addictive personalities. While marijuana holds no addictive traits on its own, some people develop a mental addiction. After the constant use of marijuana the drug begins to lose its effect, and the person suffering from a mental addiction needs something stronger. They feel they need to experience getting "high," so they move on to stronger and harder drugs. The fault does not belong to marijuana, rather, it belongs to that particular trait in the person.  Either way, "Compared to most other drugs ... dependence among marijuana users is relatively rare." (p. 94){5}  Goturuge  Works Consulted: {1} Terrorist Soccer Moms by, Arianna Huffington.  {2} "Savings in California Marijuana Law EnforcementCosts Attributable to the Moscone Act of 1976--A Summary," Michael Aldrich, Ph.D., and Tod Mikuriya, M.D.; Journal of Psychoactive Drugs, Vol. 20(1), January-March 1988; Pp. 75-81.  {3} Marijuana Prohibition Facts on MPP.Org.  {4} Common Questions About Marijuana (answered by the Institute of Medicine)  {5} Nat'l Academies Press, Marijuana dn Medicine: (1999), Table of Contents
The most important part is personal freedom. What right does the government have in telling individuals what the can and cannot do with their bodies?
because if being high caused you to kill people, that would be bad for society.  give up some of your individual freedoms so you have the confidence a tripped out psyco wont kill you.  but, since weed dont do that go ahead and toke up.
Hank says it all...
It is my personal freedom to hunt you and your family down and sew your eyelids closed. What right does the government have in telling me what I can and cannot do with my body? emoticon_rolleyes  Don't be silly epaphras. You would be doing something with my body, not yours. I'm talking about what people do to their own bodies of course.
all your sources are from "medscape" i think thats some bias
Well, I thought you might say that. And you are right the analogy only goes so far. However, using marijuana can affect others. Here is some stuff I posted on another thread. It is aimed mostly at adolescents. One of the links points to the emotional problems people have. This will effect others. it will also like make these folks indigent and therefore supported by my taxes and therefore government (me) does have a right to say.  So you would sell your rights for a bowl of porridge. What has happened to the belief that government should be limited, limited, limited. Is that basic principal just something that has been abandoned by Americans? Two hundred years ago if a politician had run on passing laws that prevented prostitution, prevented gambling, prevented drugs, or prevented any personal freedoms, not only would he not have been elected, he would have been strung up by his heels. Yet today we have given up all of those freedoms. Now we want the government to protect us from every minor inconvenience and the principle be damned.  But lets look at what you have asserted. You state that it cost you money because some people use drugs. But are very expensive because the government uses a lot of your tax money to drive up the cost trying to make them rare. It hasn&#8217;t worked but the government has unlimited funds so they keep spending more and more money on it. Not counting the fact that there is so much money in the trade that the police, politicians, and judges are corrupted every day and sometimes innocent people are sent to prison by the police covering their mistakes or with grudges against people. And the fact that we are spending billions of dollars on prisons to house people committing minor drug offences because of mandatory sentencing that make the politicians look good. And you think that the minor amount of money spent on helping the indigent as a result of drug use compares to the wasted taxes spent on our non-working drug policy? How about making drugs legitimate and then taxing them so that money can be used for treatment instead of wasting my tax dollars on trying to stop an addiction that cannot be stopped. What makes you think the government can stop a woman from using drugs by threatening her with prison when she is so addicted that she will sell her daughter for money to buy drugs.  I could also just make the assertion that people who use drugs die young and therefore are not a burden on your taxes. I can&#8217;t prove that but it&#8217;s just as valid as the assertion that you made without backing it up with anything.  [quote]As for Marijuana's effects allow me to post a bit. Marijuana is definitely a gateway drug.  "Now comes a group of researchers with strong evidence that the gateway theory may have merit. Researchers from Australia and the United States conducted a study using sets of twins in Australia as a way to offset some of the disparate environmental and genetic factors that may affect a person's drug use. The study is published in the Jan. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). Michael T. Lynskey, Ph.D., of the Missouri Alcoholism Research Center and Department of Psychiatry, Washington University, St. Louis, and colleagues examined 311 pairs of same-sex twins. The researchers found that, relative to their co-twins who had not used marijuana by age 17, those who had used marijuana experienced elevated lifetime rates of other drug use, drug dependence and alcohol dependence. Users of marijuana before the age of 17 had a 2.3- to 3.9-fold increase in the odds of other drug use and a 1.6- to 6-fold increase in the odds of becoming alcohol-or drug-dependent as compared to their non-drug using twins. The study also tied early, regular use of alcohol and tobacco with late drug use. The authors concluded that marijuana had a "causal" role as a risk factor for other drug use. They assumed that twins, having been raised in the same household, would have environmental experiences that were highly concordant. Monozygotic twins, which constituted 136 of the 311 twin pairs, would have the same genetic factors." http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/449197  This comes from the Journal of the American Medical Association. The researcher used twins and study design to eliminate the claim that people are already predisposed to drug addiction and it is not the marijuana.  [quote] Okay so it is a gateway to other drugs. So some people want to destroy their lives. I think it&#8217;s sad that people do that, but it&#8217;s their life, not yours. Why are you so intent on people living their lives the way you think they should?  Second it has harmful effects.  1) Young people who have difficulty regulating emotions (and this cannot be predetermined who they are are much more likely to experience difficulties. http://www.apa.org/monitor/jun01/ma...FTOKEN=20846391  2) Men who smoke Marijuana have less seminal fluid, lower sperm count and abnormally behaving sperm, http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/450640  3)Withdrawal syndrom is very real in Marijuana use. August 2003 Canadian research. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/459885  4) Long term MJ use leads to cognitive impairments. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/439546  5)THC promotes Tumor growth. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/411952  I can get much more. These are sources from respected medical journals and respected scientists using scientific methods.  You won&#8217;t get an argument from me that drugs are bad for you. That&#8217;s why I have never used them. Nor will you get an argument from me that drugs should not be legal for minors, just like nicotine and alcohol are. My argument is that once people become adults, it&#8217;s their life, and the government should butt out with what they do with their life. How about making caffeine illegal, or fat people, or people that don&#8217;t exercise, or people that drink, or nicotine? They all use my tax dollars when they get sick. Epaphras, where do you want to stop and why?
Well it&#8217;s my turn to thank you. It takes a mature and secure personality to not become defensive and start with the name calling. I think I can wrestle in the mud and even enjoy the wit that comes from sarcasm as well as laugh at myself sometimes. But I have to admire someone that can have a debate by discussing the facts without resorting to a mud slinging contest.  Interesting point concerning the government. I disagree with the idea that we legalize drugs and then tax it and provide treatment. The problem is that it does not limit government intervention as I consider taxes to be the worst of all interventions.  I agree that taxes are government intervention. Unfortunately at this point in our history, mankind seems to require some type of social restricting organization and the only way we know of to support those institutions is through taxes. I don&#8217;t agree with the way it is done but I don&#8217;t think it&#8217;s terrible since we have some control. I was just trying to say we could use the proceeds from this addiction to treat the addiction.  As to where to draw the line, where does government stop. I think I will actually need some more time on that. You provoke good thought on this issue. I am sure it has to do with the constitution but will reserve my comments until I have had some time. I will attempt to provide you with sources and evidence to back up my position. It will likely be after the weekend. Thanks  I believe I am open to logical persuasion and I look forward to revising or solidifying my opinion on the subject depending on your response.  BTW what does you name mean and where did it come from?
Hank: I appreciate the kind thoughts. I am not always as kind. However, I think my aregument is that the government has a responsibility to the welfare of its citizens. This is in the preambel to the consittution.   The preamble states the "general welfare". And the constitution is basically a contract with the American people that limits the powers of the government. I think we are treading on dangerous ground when we let the government tell individuals how to live their lives in order to make the US a better place to live according to the government. If you are talking about protecting individuals from the actions of others, then I think that is a legitimate roll of the government. But trying to tell individuals how to live their lives in order to protect individuals from themselves is a totally different matter. Then we are back to the no eating some kinds of food, no smoking, no drinking, no gambling, and the list goes on and on.  You and I both know that if congress passed and the president signed a bill legalizing harmful drugs that there would be a lawsuit from hell filed by at least one individual (and actually likely a class action suit) that says that the government knew it was harmful and legalized it anyway and that the government has a responsibility to prevent such things.   I know no such thing. The government can not be sued without the consent of the government. That's why they don't take out E&O insurance. :) You are basically saying that the government would give us a freedom, then take on the responsibility for us abusing that freedom. If that were the case, the government could be sued for every harmful act we commit every day of our lives.  I broke my arm when I fell while running down a hill. Well it's a free country.  Yeah but the government should have known it was dangerous to run down hills.  This would likely hold up as personal responsibility has gone by the wayside in this country. Look to the tobacco suits for instance. The tobacco companies knew it was harful and had the pants sued off of them. I beleive there are court cases pending against the government but I will need to check "Findlaw" to get you data. I will be back later.  Companies are in the business to make money. Do you want to take away their ability to do business because they might get sued for defective products? Isn't that their decision, not the governments or anyone else's?
Come on. What's more tranquil than a stoner?      A drunk?
It also says insure domestic tranquility. Legalizing Pot is not likely to do this. See my post on all the harmful effects, several of which certainly disturb the domestic tranquility.  You call what is happening in the drug wars domestic tranquility? Why did we abandon prohibition?   I agree that it is walking a fine line. Although, the government hasn't just wholesale legalized all drugs without prescriptions. Where do we stop in that direction?  Prescription drugs have a legitimate purpose. They allow the controlled distribution of drugs for those people that need, and desire medical help. But we are talking about self-destructive, addictive behaviors where the government steps in and tries to control uncontrollable behaviors.   There is distinct precedent for not allowing the citizenry of ones country to harm themselves, hence the reason suicide is illegal. There are reasons why chemicals, drugs, etc are considered illegal.  Since when does a precedent mean something is right? There was a precedent for slavery before it was deemed wrong. Of course there are reasons. But are there good reasons. Have you ever thought about the fact that the last thing drug dealers want is for drugs to be de-criminalized? That puts you on the side of the drug dealers.  BTW is the death penalty the punishment for suicide? LOL. Sorry couldn&#8217;t help myself.  There are many things that are illegal for the protection of the inividual. We don't allow people access to heroine. (methadone perhaps, but lets not go there). We don't allow people to possess Mercury in their homes, it would kill them. We don't allow many many things to be possesed by the average individual due to what they do to that individual.  I didn&#8217;t know it was illegal to possess mercury. On the other hand, I didn&#8217;t know there was this vast network of mercury dealers that were selling mercury to people that were addicted to owning mercury. :)  Unfortunately we have precedent in the other direction as well. Where do we draw the line? That really is the question. You favor drawing the line at Pot. Why pot and not other things? I work in mental Health. A recent study within the last week out of Canada shows a direct link to long term pot smoking and sever panic disorder.  Don&#8217;t know where you got the idea that I wanted to draw the line at pot.  I will say again, you don&#8217;t have to convince me that pot or other drugs are not good for you and can even kill you. Just tell me one thing. Are you in favor of making alcohol, nicotine, and caffeine illegal? If not, then explain to me why it is legal to sell those addictive drugs and not other addictive drugs.
Come on. What's more tranquil than a stoner?      A drunk?  LOL..................
Hank: Prescription drugs are abused. They are perhaps the largest categories of abused drugs. Drugs like Percoset and Xanax are highly abusable. We control those so as to protect people from harming themselves.  Yes they are. But notice I was careful to say it was for those people that need and DESIRE medical help. Your point just goes to show that for those that are addicted to drugs, no amount of punishment is going to help. You think that by placing punishments on people that are addicted to drugs, that will suddenly remove their addiction. Or you think that people are suddenly going to stop trying drugs. You want to protect people from harming themselves? Good luck. But our attempt at doing that is a dismal failure. In the meantime as I have said, innocent people are being framed, police and judges are being corrupted, and our penal system is being overrun with minor drug offenses while we have to let more serious crimes go lightly punished.  The punishment for suicide attempt is forced treatment. This is true. I personally have had to fill out the affidavit to court order someone for treatment.  I said punishment for suicide, not attempted suicide. I was of course being sarcastic by pointing out the futility of treating suicide as a crime. I don&#8217;t have any statistic, but I would think that forced treatment is seldom used. I know several people that have attempted suicide and they were never forced to take treatment. At least it is treated as a disease and people are not thrown in jail like for drug use.  Mercury, no not addictive, but people do like to play with it. If even the smallest amount is spilled it requires a HAZMAT crew to clean it up. The point is to protect people.  No problem with protecting people from my prospective. But protecting people from themselves is the most foolish thing the government can attempt.   Nicotine, yes, I think it is the most addictive drug on the planet and I do think it should be done away with. (a seemingly extreme position I know), Alcohol: not sure on this one. Caffien, definitely not as it does not have the harmful effects and the withdrawl symptoms are a headache and no more.  I think I&#8217;m beginning to see where you are coming from. It appears to me that you are intent on making sure your belief that people should not harm themselves is enforced by the government. And that individual freedoms and responsibility are subjugated to that government, regardless of the financial cost, or the cost to law enforcement, or the cost to innocent people caught up in that system. We tried it once with prohibition and that was a dismal failure. Now we are trying it with drugs and it is a dismal failure. You want to extend it to nicotine and maybe return to prohibition also. I won&#8217;t speculate on where you would stand on junk food or staying out in the sun too long, or watching too much TV, or any of the other activities we practice that can harm us. All I will say is that I&#8217;m thankful you were not one of the founding fathers.  I&#8217;m not sure this discussing is progressing in the way of espousing any new ideas. I think we have pretty much covered both sides and neither of our beliefs are being affected. I may or may not respond if you do but it has been interesting. If not, you keep up the good work fighting to restrict individual freedoms and I&#8217;ll keep up the good work fighting to expand individual freedoms. LOL
Hank: I must say this has been one of the more pleasant debates I have had.  I agree epaphras. And thanks again for the debate without the mudslinging. If I sometimes sounded somewhat disparaging it was probably because I was coming off a debate with someone else where the conversation was not quite so cordial and I apologize. Anyway I look forward to proving you wrong in other areas here on the forum. LOL Just kidding of course.
 You are quite right there are no new arguments being posited at this point. FYI, I am all for people having feedoms. I am not trying to restrict anyones freedom. I simply like the status quo. I am not going anywhere. You are trying to expand freedoms though.  Epaphras I thought of one other thing I wanted to say about your comment above. I am not trying to expand freedoms with this debate, although I'm always in favor of that, I want to take back this freedom that we use to have. It was taken away from us by law, I think in the early 1900's although I'm not sure about the date. But I understand the main reason had to do with the Chinese, which is a very interesting story in itself.
i believe that it had something to do with artificial fabric clothing, and outlawing hemp aas a material to make clothing, although i could be totally wrong
i believe that it had something to do with artificial fabric clothing, and outlawing hemp aas a material to make clothing, although i could be totally wrong  It had to do with the Chinese having houses where they used heroin, can&#8217;t remember what they were called, and the belief that they were seducing white women into using the heroin so they could have sex with them. Therefore they outlawed the use of heroin in the belief they were protecting their women.
Nicotine, yes, I think it is the most addictive drug on the planet and I do think it should be done away with. (a seemingly extreme position I know), Alcohol: not sure on this one. Caffien, definitely not as it does not have the harmful effects and the withdrawl symptoms are a headache and no more.   Epaphras... emoticon_confused is your alarm on? Nicotine, alcohol, caffiene...they are all addictive substances. They all have harmful effects. And also, to point out, it is not the nicotine that kills people, is the is the carbon monoxide, ethers, formaldyhydes (spelling?), tar, and dioxides that make cigarettes dangerous. Nicotine is a relatively mild drug, mainly working through stimulation of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the CNS, neuromuscular junction, autonomic ganglia, and adrenal medulla. Yep, that's right, it is a CNS stimulant which aids in concentration, cognitive ability, and elevates mood. While it can have some minor harmful effects, there are many prescription drugs taken legitimately every day which have worse effects. Alcohol is by far the most dangerous and detrimental of all of these drugs. It is a CNS depressant with toxic effects to cellular function, especially in pancreatic and hepatic cells. I guess we would all be better off if Budweiser contained nicotine rather than alcohol. emoticon_wow And as far as caffiene goes, it inhibits phosphodiesterase, which is an enzyme that degrades cAMP (cyclic adenosine mono-phosphate). It can cause insomnia, restlessness, nervousness, headache, excitement, agitation, muscle tremor, twitching, tachycardia, palpitations, extrasystoles (extra heart beats due to increased erratic electrical function in the hearts conductive system), tinnitus (ear ringing), nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain, diuresis (increased fluid output from kidneys). Yes, caffiene does have harmful effects, many people however do not think of their morning cup of coffee as a drug but it is. Perhaps if nicotine was delivered in another form other than smoked, it would be more socially acceptable. It would also then be less detrimental than even coffee. Didn't mean to go on a rant, but I just had to throw that in. BTW, great debate between you and Hank. You both make good arguments.
I have never been addicted to Marijuana. However, I have experienced a mental dependence but upon quitting, no physical withdraw effects. I have been addicted to caffeine, I did experience withdrawl symptoms, they were harmful. I'll tell you they were a lot more uncomfortable than going a week without ganj.   This, epaphras, is where you made your mistake. Marijuana was a personal freedom, and is no more harmful than caffeine. Did you know it activates the same receptor as choclate, thus, one could argue that it is as addictive as choclate.  Hank, I'm not sure what Heroine and Concubines have do do with anything. Marijuana was illegalized shortly after an efficient machine was created to harvest hemp. In several occasions, people on trial for murder claimed insanity as a result of using marijuana and were released. Marijuana was illegalized in the late 30's.  Why would its legalization be such a bad thing? Do you enjoy being ignorant?
I have never been addicted to Marijuana. However, I have experienced a mental dependence but upon quitting, no physical withdraw effects. I have been addicted to caffeine, I did experience withdrawl symptoms, they were harmful. I'll tell you they were a lot more uncomfortable than going a week without ganj.    Are you sure you have never been or are not now addicted? Do you know that addiction is different from dependence? Physical withdrawl symptoms are not a sign of addiction. They are sign of dependence. If you state that you had or do have a mental dependence, this is part of addictive behavior, but not true addiction. You need to truely understand these terms prior to making statements such as yours. And going 1 week without bud proves nothing really. Marijuana has few physical symptoms after stoppage of use, however some do experience sleep disturbance, lethargy, and headache especially after long term heavy use. These are withdrawl symptoms found with bud.   This, epaphras, is where you made your mistake. Marijuana was a personal freedom, and is no more harmful than caffeine. Did you know it activates the same receptor as choclate, thus, one could argue that it is as addictive as choclate.   Was a personal freedom, too bad it is not still a freedom. I agree when it is administered orally, there is almost no harmful effect. When administered in it's most common route (smoked), it is harmful, and much more so than caffiene. And marijuana does not "activate" the same receptors as chocolate, they work through different mechanisms in the central nervous system.   Do you enjoy being ignorant?   I was kinda wondering the same about you. Educate yourself if you want to attempt to speak intelligently about the subject.
Hank, I'm not sure what Heroine and Concubines have do do with anything. Marijuana was illegalized shortly after an efficient machine was created to harvest hemp.  Well we were talking about illegal drugs and I brought up the subject of heroine. Didn&#8217;t realize I brought up the subject of concubines.    In several occasions, people on trial for murder claimed insanity as a result of using marijuana and were released. Marijuana was illegalized in the late 30's.  And your point is?  Why would its legalization be such a bad thing? Do you enjoy being ignorant?  If you are talking to me, I&#8217;m in favor of legalization. Not because I use drugs, but because I have a strong belief in individual freedoms and because I believe the illegal drug trade is hurt society.  I don&#8217;t enjoy being ignorant, but I&#8217;m not ashamed that I&#8217;m ignorant on some subjects. It&#8217;s an opportunity for me to learn something. The only person I know that&#8217;s not ignorant on any subject is my wife. LOL
hello everyone. i stumbled upon this thread today looking for information on the legalization of marijuana. just reading through a few of the posts got my attention very quickly and i proceeded to read through every one of the posts in this thread to date. i think that both sides of the argument have been presented thoroughly and intelligently. i really enjoyed reading posts from hank, epaphras_faith, and sundowner.  i think i agree with hank when he says that marijuana should be legalized because it is our personal freedom to do with our bodies as we will.  what i don't know is how it would become legalized, and under what circumstances. would it be legalized for medical use only? do you think that it would be legalized for personal use? if so, how much is legal to have? where is it legal to use? would it be legal to sell? to grow?  i'm interested in seeing what people might think a resonable legalization law might address.  being a user of marijuana myself, i can say from my personal experiences that like alcohol, if used in moderation and responsibly, marijuana can be a lot of fun and isnt dangerous to anyone but yourself. this of course is irrelavant in this issue and is merely my personal opinion on the drug itself. but whether or not a law is passed isn't going to stop me, or a lot of other people from enjoying it; that is, unless they start using the death penalty....  however, i do feel that a law for marijuana would do more good than a law against it for reasons which have already been discussed in this topic.
hello everyone. i stumbled upon this thread today looking for information on the legalization of marijuana. just reading through a few of the posts got my attention very quickly and i proceeded to read through every one of the posts in this thread to date. i think that both sides of the argument have been presented thoroughly and intelligently. i really enjoyed reading posts from hank, epaphras_faith, and sundowner.  i think i agree with hank when he says that marijuana should be legalized because it is our personal freedom to do with our bodies as we will.  what i don't know is how it would become legalized, and under what circumstances. would it be legalized for medical use only? do you think that it would be legalized for personal use? if so, how much is legal to have? where is it legal to use? would it be legal to sell? to grow?  i'm interested in seeing what people might think a resonable legalization law might address.  being a user of marijuana myself, i can say from my personal experiences that like alcohol, if used in moderation and responsibly, marijuana can be a lot of fun and isnt dangerous to anyone but yourself. this of course is irrelavant in this issue and is merely my personal opinion on the drug itself. but whether or not a law is passed isn't going to stop me, or a lot of other people from enjoying it; that is, unless they start using the death penalty....  however, i do feel that a law for marijuana would do more good than a law against it for reasons which have already been discussed in this topic.  I'm not an expert in the law and neither have I ever used marijuana, but I would think they would be copied closely around the laws controling the use of tobacco.  Glad you enjoyed the debate. I have to admit I have a hard time keeping epaphras straight. LOL
I say legalize it and get it over with.  All we are doing this way is encouraging illegal drug traffic.  If we legalized it, we could tax it, and make millions. Though somehow I don't think it will be used to balance the deficit or pay or Iraq. Though both would be nice and easy. Plus, we legalize drugs more dangerous and harmful and Marajuana as it is. Caffiene, as some have mentioned. That stuff is wicked. Most of us are just used to it. Ritlan, for crying out loud as 10 times more harmful side effects than Marajuana. (as I've posted elsewhere, Ritalin isnt' as needed as it seems) If we keep increasing border patrols, that's costing us. Why bother? I don't know who insisted that it's more harmful than some of the drugs we so readily give to our elementary children.  I don't use it, I know people who do, and they use it responsibly. It's addictive, so I'm told, but then so are carbs, so what's the deal?
Just a few thoughts.  Jurisdictions that arrest people for driving drunk usually permit the construction and operation of bars that have parking lots.  Legalization of marijuana will be difficult to accomplish because of the present tremendous income to lawyers and police due to its being illegal.  The government could tax (highly) the sale of marijuana and pay off the national debt in a relatively short time.
 Legalization of marijuana will be difficult to accomplish because of the present tremendous income to lawyers and police due to its being illegal.   Not true really. The governement spends a huge amount of money on anti-marijuana campaigns and advertisements. Also, they pay (quite well at that) a large staff to fight the war on drugs, people to do research, people to write articles, etc... Then they also pay to keep these "dangerous criminals" locked up in local, county, state and federal prisons, as well as the litigation to put them there. Yes, some lawyers are making money off of marijuana arrests, but consider that the DA and public defenders all work for the state or city, which means that we as taxpayers are footing the bill for this. It seems to be a common misconception that the police and legal system make a great deal of money off of drug arrests. How exactly do they make money off of them and where does thatt money come from? The only way to make drug arrests profitable is to sell the drugs back to the drug dealers, which to no surprise has been done more than a few times (not as a rule, but it has happened). By making drugs, especially marijuana legal, we would be eliminating all of this wasteful spending, and could focus our money towards more worthwhile costs.
Marijuana is on its way to being decriminalized in Canada, and would probably be legal by now if not for pressure on our government by the United States. Here in BC it's a billion dollar industry and the cops already turn a blind eye anyway. It's so common that legalizing it would just take production and profit out of the hands of organized criminals. An interesting web site: www.drugwarfacts.org/marijuan.htm
There is nothing wrong with smoking weed!!! emoticon_xgood Q. Is Marijuana Addictive? A. No, it is not [8]. Most users are moderate consumers who smoke it socially to relax. We now know that 10% of our population have "addictive personalities" and they are neither more nor less likely to overindulge in cannabis than in anything else. On a relative scale, marijuana is less habit forming than either sugar or chocolate but more so than anchovies. Sociologists report a general pattern of marijuana use that peaks in the early adult years, followed by a period of levelling off and then a gradual reduction in use [9].   Q. Has Anyone Ever Died From Smoking Marijuana? A. No; not one single case, not ever. THC is one of the few chemicals for which there is no known toxic amount [10]. The federal agency NIDA says that autopsies reveal that 75 people per year are high on marijuana when they die: this does not mean that marijuana caused or was even a factor in their deaths. The chart below compares the number of deaths attributable to selected substances in a typical year:  Tobacco 340,000 - 395,000  Alcohol (excluding crime/accidents) < 125,000  Drug Overdose (prescription) 24,000 - 27,000  Drug Overdose (illegal) 3,800 - 5,200  Marijuana 0  Q. Does Marijuana Lead to Crime and/or Hard Drugs? A. No [11]. The only crime most marijuana users commit is that they use marijuana. And, while many people who abuse dangerous drugs also smoke marijuana, the old "stepping stone" theory is now discredited, since virtually all of them started out "using" legal drugs like sugar, coffee, cigarettes, alcohol, etc.  Q. How Does Marijuana Affect Your Health? A. Smoking anything is not healthy, but marijuana is less dangerous than tobacco and people smoke less of it at a time. This health risk can be avoided by eating the plant instead of smoking it [13], or can be reduced by smoking smaller amounts of stronger marijuana. There is no proof that marijuana causes serious health or sexual problems [14] but, like alcohol, its use by children or adolescents is discouraged. Cannabis is a medicinal herb that has hundreds of proven, valuable theraputic uses - from stress reduction to glaucoma to asthma to cancer therapy, etc.  Q. What About All Those Scary Statistics and Studies? A. Most were prepared as scare tactics for the government by Dr. Gabriel Nahas, and were so biased and unscientific that Nahas was fired by the National Institute of Health [16] and finally renounced his own studies as meaningless [17]. For one experiment, he suffocated monkeys for five minutes at a time, using proportionately more smoke than the average user inhales in an entire lifetime [18]. The other studies that claim sensational health risks are also suspect, since they lack controls and produce results which cannot be replicated or independently verified.  And also the only reason why weed is against the law is because back then hemp was a better product it made a lot more things. So it started hurting the cotton sells so they outlawed hemp. That's the reason, not because it killed anybody it was because of sells!!!! Blue
i am definatley for it. marijuana is does, as dirty said, take police in a different direction. alcohol is a lot more harmful that marijuana. when drunk, one is not aware of his or her actions. when one is high, one is.  it is hard to explain a high. it is like being in an alternate dimention. everything is the same, just something is different, but you can't put your finger on it. you are totally aware of your surroundings and what you are doing.  do you know why marijuana was made illegal? well, it was said that it causes the users to become violent, hyper, and malicious. this is false. it causes the user to become euphoric, calm, and everything but the reasons because.  the us is very greedy when it comes to this issue. the government would make it legal, only, it would be too hard for them to tax, because anyone can just grow it in their backyard. therefore, the government gets mad and makes it illegal. they enforce it all wrong too. you can go to jail for smoking marijuana. that is way wrong. my body, my problem.   I can agree with legalizing Marijuana, but it is very similar to alcohol. Your reaction time is slowed down considerably. Before being legalized, there needs to be a test, similar to the BAC test. It shouldn't be illegal to smoke marijuana, but it should be the same as alcohol; you can't smoke and drive.
the state i live in its legal for the moment, but still old nasty federal laws, which have no right to exist cuz if anything its a state right to regulate.   Sorry to inform you this, but we are not in pre-Civil War times anymore. That ended 150 years ago. Federal rights supercede state's rights.
I can agree with legalizing Marijuana, but it is very similar to alcohol. Your reaction time is slowed down considerably. Before being legalized, there needs to be a test, similar to the BAC test. It shouldn't be illegal to smoke marijuana, but it should be the same as alcohol; you can't smoke and drive.  But you can drink and drive, you just cannot be intoxicated over a certain limit and drive. There is no test possible in the field (like a breathylizer used for alcohol) that would allow for testing of THC levels. It should be like anything else, if you are causing a problem or showing visible signs of impairment, you get detained and taken for further testing, which they can actually draw a THC level on you in a lab. And since you bring it up, marijuanna does not slow down reaction times near as much as alcohol. Alcohol is far more physically impairing than even high doses of THC.
 Just because we think it's "wasteful spending" doesn't mean all those cops, DA's and prison wardens don't call it an honest livin'.  Sure, it may be an honest living, but is it neccesary?
Do you favor Legalizing the Medical use of Marijuana ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/medical_marijuana .HTM  I say, since there are medical uses for the stuff, the drug is not pure harm (as the authoritarians assert.) Marijuana has its benefits and harms, and some of these benefits boil down to a matter of personal preference. Illegalizing it, in effect, dictates a personal preference.
I think it should be legalized for medical use only (reducing the pain, nausea, and weight loss caused by AIDS). If it can ease the pain and suffering of someone, that's fine. I see no use for it other than that. What kind of society will we live in when people can freely smoke something that is 5 times more cancerous than cigarettes, causes lung damage, and pregnancy complications.   It impairs motor coordination, reaction time, and it's a mild hallucinogen; great, another thing to have to test motorists for. Drunk driving isn't even under control yet, why should there be something else to monitor. It can change the brain chemistry and makes the brain more open for such other drugs as cocaine and heroin: gateway drug. I just don't think it's a good idea.  Used information from "Psychology Seventh Edition" David G. Myers
I think it should be legalized for medical use only (reducing the pain, nausea, and weight loss caused by AIDS). If it can ease the pain and suffering of someone, that's fine. I see no use for it other than that. What kind of society will we live in when people can freely smoke something that is 5 times more cancerous than cigarettes, causes lung damage, and pregnancy complications.   It impairs motor coordination, reaction time, and it's a mild hallucinogen; great, another thing to have to test motorists for. Drunk driving isn't even under control yet, why should there be something else to monitor. It can change the brain chemistry and makes the brain more open for such other drugs as cocaine and heroin: gateway drug. I just don't think it's a good idea.  Used information from "Psychology Seventh Edition" David G. Myers  A load of unowhat repeated for many years now. Junk science commissioned to get results that were desired. Check out lung cancer rates for Rastafarians. Nothing abnormally high. Gateway my arse.
It impairs motor coordination, reaction time, and it's a mild hallucinogen; great, another thing to have to test motorists for. Drunk driving isn't even under control yet, why should there be something else to monitor. It can change the brain chemistry and makes the brain more open for such other drugs as cocaine and heroin: gateway drug. I just don't think it's a good idea.  Used information from "Psychology Seventh Edition" David G. Myers  Where did you get these "facts" from? And how exactly do you define "change the brain chemistry"? And how do you make a brain "more open" for other drugs? Who say's that drunk driving is not under control? I think there is ample evidence that the incidence of drunk driving has dramatically decreased in the past 30 years. To much fluff here, no real facts.
Where did you get these "facts" from? And how exactly do you define "change the brain chemistry"? And how do you make a brain "more open" for other drugs? Who say's that drunk driving is not under control? I think there is ample evidence that the incidence of drunk driving has dramatically decreased in the past 30 years. To much fluff here, no real facts.  I did site my source "Psychology 7th Edition" David G. Myers; it's a college text.  Drunk driving is not under control. I attend a University and every weekend see underage students get drunk for the fun of it, and I doubt they all use the bus to get home. All it takes is one person who is drunk and behind the wheel to cause an accident.   Here are some facts that I don't see how you could turn down: http://www.mayoclinic.com/invoke.cfm?objectid=0B86DC5A-7D8E-4A34-A24E100EB932A587  I just don't see how legalization can be justified, besides the fact that "a lot of people are doing it".
I did site my source "Psychology 7th Edition" David G. Myers; it's a college text.  Drunk driving is not under control. I attend a University and every weekend see underage students get drunk for the fun of it, and I doubt they all use the bus to get home. All it takes is one person who is drunk and behind the wheel to cause an accident.   Here are some facts that I don't see how you could turn down: http://www.mayoclinic.com/invoke.cfm?objectid=0B86DC5A-7D8E-4A34-A24E100EB932A587  I just don't see how legalization can be justified, besides the fact that "a lot of people are doing it".  You might notice how often the word "may" appears in the various negative effects descriptions. Apparently you "may" not have any of those ill effects as well.
I think it should be legalized for medical use only (reducing the pain, nausea, and weight loss caused by AIDS). If it can ease the pain and suffering of someone, that's fine. I see no use for it other than that. What kind of society will we live in when people can freely smoke something that is 5 times more cancerous than cigarettes, causes lung damage, and pregnancy complications.   It impairs motor coordination, reaction time, and it's a mild hallucinogen; great, another thing to have to test motorists for. Drunk driving isn't even under control yet, why should there be something else to monitor. It can change the brain chemistry and makes the brain more open for such other drugs as cocaine and heroin: gateway drug. I just don't think it's a good idea.  Used information from "Psychology Seventh Edition" David G. Myers  The thing is, though, that marijuana does have a good effect (i.e. the high.) If it didn't have this good effect, then people would not use it. It has bad effects as well. Some people would rather get the high along with the bad effects. Some would not. It is nothing more than a personal preference.
I did site my source "Psychology 7th Edition" David G. Myers; it's a college text.  Drunk driving is not under control. I attend a University and every weekend see underage students get drunk for the fun of it, and I doubt they all use the bus to get home. All it takes is one person who is drunk and behind the wheel to cause an accident.   Here are some facts that I don't see how you could turn down: http://www.mayoclinic.com/invoke.cfm?objectid=0B86DC5A-7D8E-4A34-A24E100EB932A587  I just don't see how legalization can be justified, besides the fact that "a lot of people are doing it".  The first sentence has basis in reality, I will give you that. It does impair motor coordination, reaction time, and it is a mild hallucinogen. The rest of you post was purely subjective, and I am willing to bet was not included in your textbook. Again, how does marijuana make the brain "more open" for other drugs? Pure fiction on your part. And about drunk driving, I guess it would depend on your definition of under control. Again, a purely subjective debate.   I don't dispute the mayo clinic information. I know it is a carcinogen, it can cause temporary memory problems, and had effects on the cardiovascular system. But, I also know that alcohol is a far more dangerous drug than marijuana, yet we as a populace are not calling for a ban on it.
 But, I also know that alcohol is a far more dangerous drug than marijuana, yet we as a populace are not calling for a ban on it. Yes thank you. Was just going to say that, actually. I've seen people do more stupid things drunk than high.  Call it a personal study of my stupid peers.
Pardon my French, but so ****ing what? ok I don't think it's pot that the government and the military are so much against. It's the conditions it's 'manufactured' in. But they don't say that. Instead they're simply against pot, so everyone will call the politicains hippocrites if they legalize it and grow it here.  So, with that said, I think pot is no worse than alcohol, and if that's legal, so should pot be legal.  At the same time I agree with the government condoning it because of where it's supplied from.  And no, I'm not a pothead nor an alcoholic, so I'm not supporting it due to my own personal lifestyle
Pardon my French, but so ****ing what? That seems a little uncalled for. What got stuck in your crawl?
Stigma... That is the only thing that is stopping pot from being legalized. I am not saying that that stigma shouldnt be there... just dont be hypocrits about it. That "stigma" should simply pertain to all substances that alter your mood, perception or awareness. This includes Alcohol (as we have said) Tobacco, differant types of cough medicine... these are all things that do THE EXACT same thing that pot does. This includes when taken in the recommended dosage. Pot is the odd man out.. the example. As long as there are places in ther World that have it legalized, it will never be the case here in the US.  There is no significant factor in or about pot that ANYBODY can state that can not be applied to something that IS legal, and people use everyday INCLUDING law enforcement. Perhaps you should read that line again... What does that say to you? Thats says your perception of "what is wrong" is EXTREMELY incorrect.  Do it right or dont do it at all.
Man has been smoking pot since man discovered it... keeping it illegal won't change that!   I myself discovered pot while still in school. My friends and I also discovered beer about the same time. Another thing we discovered was unless you could find an adult to buy you beer you couldn't get it. Of course getting pot was as easy as going to school, or the arcade, or the public pool, or the park ect.  In no way am I saying it was ok to do these things at that age, but think about... I can tell you from personal experience pot is easier for kids to get than beer!!!  The difference .. one is legal and controled the other is not.  Perhaps this is a good reason to make it legal.
 The difference .. one is legal and controled the other is not.  Perhaps this is a good reason to make it legal. The problem that I see with making pot legal, is that it could not be easily controlled as is alcohol. Don't get me wrong, I see no reason why pot should be illegal, however the US government is not going to legalize it unless they can control the distribution, tax the hell out of it, and sell it to "adults" of a certain age. This is really stupid. First off, if I had the choice of buying pot at the state store for $30 a gram, and getting it from a friend for $10 a gram, what do you think I am going to do? It would certianly have to be grown and cultivated by farmers sanctioned by the government, who would in turn get a small cash return for their product, just like every other crop grown in the US. Farmers are just keeping their heads above water now, with the **** they get paid for their crops. Why would pot be any different. Sure, it creates jobs for farmers, but the return they would get for growing it and selling it to the government would not be near as high as the return from selling it to private distributors. If the US would do the same as other progressive thinking countries in the world and just decriminalize it, there would be little problem. But this is America, where "Big Brother" has to have his hand in everyones pockets, taking his till off the top. Just a thought.
The problem that I see with making pot legal, is that it could not be easily controlled as is alcohol. Don't get me wrong, I see no reason why pot should be illegal, however the US government is not going to legalize it unless they can control the distribution, tax the hell out of it, and sell it to "adults" of a certain age. This is really stupid. First off, if I had the choice of buying pot at the state store for $30 a gram, and getting it from a friend for $10 a gram, what do you think I am going to do? It would certianly have to be grown and cultivated by farmers sanctioned by the government, who would in turn get a small cash return for their product, just like every other crop grown in the US. Farmers are just keeping their heads above water now, with the **** they get paid for their crops. Why would pot be any different. Sure, it creates jobs for farmers, but the return they would get for growing it and selling it to the government would not be near as high as the return from selling it to private distributors. If the US would do the same as other progressive thinking countries in the world and just decriminalize it, there would be little problem. But this is America, where "Big Brother" has to have his hand in everyones pockets, taking his till off the top. Just a thought.You're missing one important point. There could be millions of dollars worth of taxes collected on smokable marijuana. The National Debt wouldn't stand a chance!  It seems to me that the stalk being of great value in making hemp rope would cause a glut of buds on the market, lowering the price to pennies per pound (for the buds). The stalks would be sold to make rope (this would be the money maker for the hemp farmer) and the buds would be sold as a bi-product, processed into powerful cigarettes and packaged just like regular short Lucky Strikes. These could be sold for say $10 with a $30 Federal tax, making each joint cost the user $2.  Sales would go through the roof!
It seems to me that the stalk being of great value in making hemp rope would cause a glut of buds on the market, lowering the price to pennies per pound (for the buds). The stalks would be sold to make rope (this would be the money maker for the hemp farmer) and the buds would be sold as a bi-product, processed into powerful cigarettes and packaged just like regular short Lucky Strikes. These could be sold for say $10 with a $30 Federal tax, making each joint cost the user $2.  Sales would go through the roof!  Ah, numbers. An ounce of primo connoisseur home grown buds in this state, so I'm told, costs $250. A package of cigarettes, 20, weighs about an ounce and costs $4 in single pack purchases. Considering current marijuana consumption as an illegal commodity, a change from $250/ounce illegal to $40/ounce legal would probably create more hemp rope than world markets could ever hope to consume.
You're missing one important point. There could be millions of dollars worth of taxes collected on smokable marijuana. The National Debt wouldn't stand a chance!  It seems to me that the stalk being of great value in making hemp rope would cause a glut of buds on the market, lowering the price to pennies per pound (for the buds). The stalks would be sold to make rope (this would be the money maker for the hemp farmer) and the buds would be sold as a bi-product, processed into powerful cigarettes and packaged just like regular short Lucky Strikes. These could be sold for say $10 with a $30 Federal tax, making each joint cost the user $2.  Sales would go through the roof! I would have to say you make a great point...if you were correct.  Hemp and marijuana are not the same thing.
like I said in another post, pot's just illegal because the government said so. It's big vicious circle. It's not so much the properties of the drug, it's more where it's coming from. There are drug lords thriving off of it and other illegal substances. The governments againsnt that. But they set themsevles up. If they made it legal, the 'manufacturing' would be better, and they'd loose that arguement. basically, it's a political thing, not a health issue
Our local sheriff relayed some of the wisdom he and others received after a regional meeting with whatever the DEA is now calling themselves. While he and others tried to explain that meth usage had become epidemic and the resulting crime and civil disturbances are consuming the majority of their field resources, they were told that federal wisdom doesn't see it that way.   Heroin is still seen as the major drug threat to America's moral structure. Even though several participants pointed out that the addiction rate per-capita and resulting crime was infinitesimal when compared to cocaine or meth, smack is still #1.   Ready for this? Marijuana is #2 on the federal drug threat list. Our county and most others in rural areas receive more federal law enforcement grant funds to fight pot than any other drug or public safety issue. They're encouraged to go after growers 'with all available resources due to the major threat marijuana usage presents to our society'.   I thought our foreign policy was straight out of the dark ages, but this one really makes me wonder who or what is steering the ship.
End the subjectivist crusade against liberty... emm, the war on drugs.
The county directly west of mine is one of the biggest producers of meth in the country (something to be proud of). the Sheriff there told me one time "We can't get a grant to help take down the meth labs. When we applied for money to buy a $300,000.00 helicopter with thermal imaging equipment to find pot growers, we had the check in 2 weeks."  It does make you wonder what kind of retarded monkey is running things.
The county directly west of mine is one of the biggest producers of meth in the country (something to be proud of). the Sheriff there told me one time "We can't get a grant to help take down the meth labs. When we applied for money to buy a $300,000.00 helicopter with thermal imaging equipment to find pot growers, we had the check in 2 weeks."  It does make you wonder what kind of retarded monkey is running things.  Apparently one partial to speed.
Apparently one partial to speed.  That could certainly explain a lot of our erratic, short-term political goals.   I've always felt that cocaine, with its mind-boggling profit factors and volume, was never declared #1 during the crack era because the money was so big payoffs had infiltrated law enforcement and legislative areas in such high positions of power that it was downplayed as a problem of Columbia and Peru. So we send troops to Columbia for fulfilling political agendas, pack our prisons with addicts and low level dealers and chase pot growers while cocaine management, other than a couple of high-profile cartels who threatened our puppet in Columbia, remained virtually untouched.
Well speed is homegrown and the profits stay within the US. Then there is the productivity benifits of having a jacked up population that never sleeps and can do manual tedious labor for days on end  Here they often spend that tedious time sorting through property belonging to other people, generally with attitudes that present violence as a greeting. I'm sure that if the government ever recognizes speed as a problem they'll eventually lay the blame on Mexico, Canada or another out-of-favor government. The US has always disliked accepting responsibility for our own actions, especially drug consumption.
The U.S. Supreme Court has just ruled that the ten states which have legalized marijuana for ill patients are out of line.   http://news.yahoo.com/fc/health/medical_marijuana  How pathetic is this? Let's round up those lawbreakers and imprison them. emoticon_rolleyes   I'm very disappointed.
Only proves that the entire government system is polluted. A treatment illegal really only due to its uncontrollability from the drug companies. And the government, controlled by the pharma money, pulling an end around by calling it commerce. Finally approved by a court seemingly swayed by political leanings (a few got it though).
Yeah, who needs marijuana when you have morphine and oxycontin? emoticon_rolleyes   I like this little article for kids: http://kidshealth.org/kid/grow/drugs_alcohol/know_drugs.html  Illegal Drugs When people talk about the "drug problem," they usually mean abusing legal drugs or using illegal drugs, such as marijuana, ecstasy, cocaine, LSD, and heroin. (Marijuana is generally an illegal drug, but some states allow doctors to prescribe it to adults for certain illnesses.)   I actually like how they worded this.
Yay, hey Timmy, why don't you just take that entire bottle of sleeping pills, and tell me how you feel in the morning. I'm sure it's not "abusing" them, after all, they're LEGAL.  The "drug crisis" can be eliminated, if we just didn't prohibit drugs. Without the effect of prohibition, combined with the ease of just running over to your local Walgreens and filling out your prescription (what, you think anyone would be crazy enough to make currently illegal drugs over-the-counter?) for your daily fix (with regular trips to the doctor, of course), the pot of gold that is the illegal drug market would VANISH.  Hell, look what happened when alcohol was made illegal. It's value sky-rocketed, MORE people used alcohol than ever, and it wasn't even safe alcohol, as it would've been if the government regulated alcohol manufacturing. People put in poisons, embalming solutions, to give their mix that extra kick. All the violence that broke out as well, for control over the business. It's practically a carbon copy of what's going on today.  It's been proven, people can live normal, productive lives while nursing a habit. Addicted? Go to a local drug clinic, and get a quality-controlled substance from a doctor, not some powder off the street, which is comprised of who knows what. Hell, maybe those farmers in South America (no racism intended) can plant crops again, instead of continually burning down the damn rain forest to make room for coca plants (which, by the way, grows like a XXXXXXn weed, and can flourish nearly anywhere).  And in a wonderful twist, when teenagers are asked today, what's the illegal substance that is the most difficult to acquire. They generally state that it's LEGAL products, like beer and cigarettes, because those things are regulated by the government.   Ah screw it, not like anyone will ever heed the ranting of some fool.
The U.S. Supreme Court has just ruled that the ten states which have legalized marijuana for ill patients are out of line.   http://news.yahoo.com/fc/health/medical_marijuana  How pathetic is this? Let's round up those lawbreakers and imprison them. emoticon_rolleyes   I'm very disappointed.   Thats the problem. We have too much government.
Marijuana is illegal as medicine because the government makes no money out of it. As soon as Pfizer or Merck design a superweed, marijuana will be legal before you can say dope.
Marijuana is illegal as medicine because the government makes no money out of it. As soon as Pfizer or Merck design a superweed, marijuana will be legal before you can say dope.   You have a very good point there. :)
Aren't there already drugs in existence that contain the chemicals that are (supposedly) beneficial in marijuana (i.e. THC)? I looked it up and apparently there is a synthetic form of THC on the market, (generically known as Dronabinol and sold under the trade name Marinol). But it is only allowed under restricted prescription (it's a Schedule II controlled substance, the same as morphine or cocaine) and is far less effective than plant-derived THC.
Now only if congress and the senate would smoke a joint during one of there sessions.  Maybe after they get the munchies they would make it legal. emoticon_xangel
Thats the problem. We have too much government. I NEVER though we would agree on something.   Outlawing MJ is like outlawing Dandelions.  It does provide organized crime with all kinds of money, and keeps the prison and police industries going strong. Think of how many people would become unemployed if MJ was suddenly legalized.
I support legalization of every drug. I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like "Marijuana will kill you." Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you. It is impossible. It takes 20,000 joints in one sitting to overdose on marijuana. Alcohol however kills thousands of americans each year from alcohol poisoning. You know that idiot pothead. He didn't get dumb from pot, he got dumb from birth. Marijuana does not have long term effects on IQ. The only side effect is the lazy side effect. The day after a person tends to be more lazy however it is like a hang over..... it only lasts for a day. There is no reason why it should remain illegal. I also support all drugs being legalized because the drug war has failed. We spend billions each year on the drug war and I can call someone right now and pick up some crack. It is a failure. What we should do is make it government controlled and then spend the money to fight drugs on drug education. Flood the schools with ACTUAL info about how herion kills and how it breaks a person down. Tell the kids how you can die from one use of coke. Tell them the short term and long term effects of each drug. If we can educate our kids and even adults through an ad campaign about what drugs do to you then we could save far more people. Also allowing drugs to be regulated will lower the prices and effectively kill drug dealers and gangs off the streets. There are so many benefits to legalizing drugs. Anyone want to fight it? I have proof to back up what I say and also have the effects of each drug.
The drug war 'just say no' has failed  Just say know is what we should be telling people.  To be fair, on the cannabis front, it doesn't effect IQ but may effect memory, and 'that idiot pothead' is usually an idiot because he is stoned at the time. Also it can act as a catalyst, speeding up the onset of schizophrenia etc. in those with a tendency in such a direction.  But compared to alcohol, there's no doubt its less socially and personally destructive.   My only real quibble is that I would only provide highly addictive drugs in drop-in clinics for addicts, as people may take it under pressure or at times of emotional hardship and get hooked.
Your are right about pot having 4 thimes the carcinogens then tobacco has. It does damage the lungs as anything that is smoked will. I was refering to brain damage. I'm sorry I wasn't more clear. Plus alcohol has many bodily harms as well. Such as the liver for one example but it effects more more body parts then pot does.  The 20,000 joints theory is true. What the site did was take the average amount of THC in a joint then the amount needed to OD on THC and divided it. It came out to around 20,000 average joints. In other words no one has ever died from ODing on weed.  As with Holland I have actually heard differently from many sources that crime is down and that the use of the drugs has gone down. I'm not sure where you got your info.
All I heard from your post was idiot over and over again. If you can't put together an arguement without using the the word idiot before you even get an answer then I believe you are the one that is lacking a brain power here.  I have seen what drug use has done to families. Nice of you to ask by the way. Anyway I have seen it and I have seen that they can easily get their drugs any time they want. Your support of it being illegal is the definition of crazy. Doing something over and over again expecting different results.  We spend billions of dollars every year on the drug war. Not to mention the HUGE amount of prisoners that are simply up on drug charges. Drugs would never become a social norm because many are very damaging to the mind and body. Plus we would have the money to push real education about them in schools and on TV and even force HUGE warnings in the places that sell them. We could do anything with the places that sell them because they would be government owned. Show pictures of each drugs result.... the possibilities are endless.   Instead you support a system that spends billions of dollars with no results. Who is the idiot again?
Maybe both parties posting evidence to back up their claims would work?:p  Personally, I'm all for legalising weed. The same cannot be said for harder drugs (someone taking them once under social pressure, for example, can easily destroy someone's life. I'd rather not have them that available). The pros of legalising weed (money saved on combating it, money gained form taxing it etc,), outweigh the costs, even if use does increase.   -Wez
Wez it doesn't matter whether they are legal or not. You can still get them. If keeping them illegal has worked at all I would say go for it, but it hasn't. If I want a drug I can get a drug in about an hour. The same goes for any of you.
Is that your best answer Jim?
Wez it doesn't matter whether they are legal or not. You can still get them. If keeping them illegal has worked at all I would say go for it, but it hasn't. If I want a drug I can get a drug in about an hour. The same goes for any of you. Legalising them would increase use however. Most people can't get hard drugs easily. If they get hard drugs at all, it's still a lot harder to get hard drugs, than say alcohol.  Then there's the risk factor. Most people aren't willing to take that and risk becoming embroiled with dealers.  I don't particularly want an increase in hard drug use.  -Wez
You're an idiot who has obviously never worked ina first responder category. If you think that increasing the volume and social acceptance of drug use to the same level of alcohol will 'solve' anything, then you are just an idiot. You have obviously never seen whart drug abuse does to families and people's lives. You're right, alcohol is worse, and the main reason its worse is because of 2 reasons, volume and availability ala social acceptance. Legalizing all drugs would have catastrophic social impacts.  Don't feed me that line about taxing it and using the money for rehab. We have taxed the XXXX out of tobacco and alcohol the last 100 years and the last time I checked alcoholism and lung cancer hadn't been erradicated.  First of all, the government cannot increase the volume and social acceptance of a drug - only the market and society can do that. Government cannot even decrease the volume or social acceptance of drugs - despite the government's efforts, drug use has remained relatively constant. What hasn't remained constant is violent crime, which has gone up during the drug war as it did during alcohol prohibition.
People don't steal and commit crime to support their drug habits. They do it because they have one. So if a person becomes addicted to a drug, then they'll begin to steal and commit crimes?
You have a simplistic argument going for pot. I can't agree that legalizing all drugs would be a good thing either. Programs in Holland have failed to produce significant if any benefits to society in general. The druggies seem to have benefitted by having arrest-free drug zones and access to whatever they want, but the cost of drugs still requires some income, something that most of them likely do not have other than from crime, begging or social programs.Holland hasn't legalised, its decriminalized. This allows drugs to remain in the hands of the dealers, keeping prices high. We need full legalization.  The quantity of alcohol use rose during the Prohibition. Not proof that legalising drugs would cut use, but certainly a reason not to assume they'd rocket.
Wrong, the muder rate has been cut substantially since the 1980s. There has been a steady decline in the US for violent crime over the last 25 years.  http://www.fbi.gov/filelink.html?file=/ucr/cius_01/xl/01tbl01.xls  Some facts for those interested in what a failure law enforcement has been. Direct numbers. Showing that both numbers and per capita rates have declined steadily for the last 10 to 15 years. Hardly an indication of anything being a failure or not working frankly.  Last I checked, drug prohibition began much earlier than the 1980s. The '80s fall in violent crime is more likely a result of the legalization of abortion than it is a result of the "success of the war on drugs."
You would be a fool to think marijuana isn't harmful. You would be a fool to think alcohol isn't either. Although 1 beer a day is much better then a joint. Got evidence to back that up??  I'm not sure how a stoner's worse than an alcoholic really.  -Wez
I disagree as all drugs being legalized would surely be a danger to society. As for weed, I think it should only be legalized if every other country (or most) does it. Why? Well, have you ever been to amsterdam? It sucks. I would hate to be like that. I've never been to Amsterdam. A friend of mine went and he liked it. I'd like to go someday. Hell, I'd just like to get my XXX anywhere, really.  As for marijuana being bad for you..you sound like my friend who is a pot head. Let me be the first to say (since I know way to many weed addicts...side effect of liking DMB I guess) marijuana does do more damage then one might think. It WILL make you an idiot if you are a chronic user.  Come on, it won't make you an idiot. It will make you a lazy, forgetful slob if you let it. Nobody's saying that marijuana is health food, they're just saying as a drug it's no worse than certain currently legal drugs.  I have seen a guy smoke up since 13 and it takes me 4 tries for him to actually understand a simple sentence I tell him.  He was probably an idiot to begin with then.  Then a marijuana addict will rationalize his/her behavior by saying things like "well atleast I don't do herion"...thats like a theft saying "atleast I don't steal at gunpoint"...i mean you are still stealing. He he, I guess I would definitely consider myself a weed addict. emoticon_xclown  Although, the addiction is more psychological than physical. If you smoke weed all the time and then stop for a week or so, you get really pissy and irritable, but that's about it. But no regular pot smoker sits around justifying why they do it, they just do it cuz they like it, nothing too complicated about it.   As a side not, rationalization is a sign of addiction. We're all addicted to something.  I had a tough time recently giving up coffee. It was interfering with my life.  It was making me feel like XXXX, I couldn't sleep right, my bowels were out of whack, but I couldn't just stop cold turkey. I tried, but I got these really bad headaches and my whole body felt like XXX. It was hell at work, my head felt like it was going to explode and I was achy all the time. I had to gradually wean myself from it. Now I drink tea which has less caffiene but I still sometimes feel like I have to have it. Since I've cut down (I don't think I've really gotten totally over my caffiene addiction)I fell so much better. I have more energy during the day, I don't wake up half dead desperately needing a quad espresso.   I have worked with a few weed addicts too. I am glad companies drug test becuase of this. These fools look stoned 24/7 after awhile and are the worst employees on earth.  Maybe they just drink too much coffee. And you probably work with more "reefer heads" than you think.  Then you got the benefits of being a weed addict like all you can do is have weed addict friends because you don't have time for anything else.  Now this is a totally inaccurate generalization. I don't think you actually realize the sheer numbers of people who smoke pot in this country, and I'm talking on a regular basis.  I am certainly one of them. I have friends that do it and friends that don't. We all lead your typical normal life.   The marijuana addict will work, buy weed, smoke it, work to buy more. AND THEN, you get to the marijuana addict that decides to try crack because all drug addicts hang together and so someone will try to get you to try new stuff. Now you do crack...then herion...then you are dead. Good job stupid junky.  Yeah, see this is the old "gateway drug" fallacy. If anything is a gateway drug, it's alcohol, so why is it still legal? If a drug can act as a "gateway" to other drugs, isn't that why it's illegal? So are people sitting around drinking alcohol all day, waiting for someone to come by with something "harder"? No, and the same is true for people who smoke pot. Oh, sure they may also do other things once and a while, but it wasn't simply because they tried that first joint. It's just a personality trait and a common one. If pot didn't exist, these people would be doing something else. The same with alcohol and cigarettes. If they didn't exist, people would find some other type of vice.  You would be a fool to think marijuana isn't harmful. You would be a fool to think alcohol isn't either. Although 1 beer a day is much better then a joint. Hell, one joint a day isn't going to kill anyone. But who drinks one beer a day? No one drinks beer like that, or not many people at all, anyway. People who drink beer (like me and you) will drink a few one day, and for a few reasons. I like good beers, like microbrews and we have a few good ones here, so I like beer for its flavor. I also like the fact that if I drink 24-48 oz. of the stuff I catch a nice buzz.   I also like to buy good pot. It smells great, tastes great and gives you a nice mellow buzz.  But alot of people will come home from work and drink 3-4 beers every single day. This has to add up to bad health.   A glass of red wine though is supposed to be good for you. (That must be why I drink it so often. ;))  Anyway, you're going way overboard with what marijuana does to people. It's truly less harmful than alcohol, it can only interfere with your life if you let it. The person who would do this would do it with anything. If pot didn't exist or alcohol didn;t exist, they;d find some way to screw up their lives. This doesn't mean that there aren't millions of responsible casual pot smokers who lead normal productive lives. You probably come into contact with tons of closet smokers and don't even realize it.
Still dumb to compare the two. Both are no good. Theft is better then murder...however a theif bragging because he didn't murder is a fool..Chris Rock actually did a funny skit on this. So why did you say pot was worse than alcohol? Just because both are apparently bad, doesn't make one 'worse'. I'll point out that you compared the two first, so saying it's dumb to compare the two's shooting yourself in the foot. Don't believe me then so be it, but there are many articles that say the effects of marijuana...at the very least it is like smoking. I stress very least. Link me to one saying weed 'addiction' is worse than alcoholism please.  however, one beer is still better then smoking a bowl. ...and 8 beers are imo worse than one joint. People tend not to smoke as many 'doses' of pot as they drink 'doses' of alcohol.  I got a good idea. however, they do tend to stay with their own. By your own admission you haven't 'hung out' with stoners for a while and you're making generalisations about them to people who do spend a lot of time with stoners?  Nah, it is a gateway in the fact that heroin addicts and crack addicts are in the same room and are the same friends of yours that supply the marijuana. Heh? That's news to me. Most potheads I know smoke in parks, while heroin/cocaine addicts don't use their drugs in public for somewhat obvious reasons.  It's truly less harmful than alcohol. Prove it then. If this is a fact, there will be research on the subject on the net somewhere comparing the effects of the two.  In terms of addiction, alcohol is far worse than pot apparently. http://www.tfy.drugsense.org/tfy/addictvn.htm  however, like alcohol, it is impossible to convince someone addicted about how their addiction hurts them. Why do AA meetings exist then? If the addicts haven't been convinced their addiction is hurting them, why are they going to the meetings?  -Wez
I am sorry if I were not clear....I said that 1 beer is better then 1 joint i believe. I said it would be bad to compare a stoner to an alcoholic as to which one is better. Fair enough. However people don't have 1 beer. They tend to have more than one, sometimes 7+ (in England at least, where binge drinking seems to be more prominent than in other countries). On the other hand, people tend to not smoke more than 1 joint per 'session'. As such although 1 beer isn't as bad for you health as 1 joint (I think...), the amount of beers drunk per joint smoked is much higher.   Well, I don't work with any "reefer heads" or pot smokers now...this was awhile back.  [later]  However, I must say that all my pot head friends[...] So you do still hang around with potheads.  Try going to a concert, party, club, and see if the guy selling weed is on the opposite end of the guy selling coke....doubtful (unless it is second hand) as weed has no real value compared to coke and what not. The whole leads to something for a better high is pretty dependable..many crack heads will tell you that they wanted a better high but that doesn't mean every pot head will go to crack. HBO had a good special about this some time back. Everyone at the event will be exposed to the guy selling cocaine then, not just the people buying pot.  I don't recall talking about addiction..I believe I was talking about 1-2 beers as opposed to a bowl or somthing. If one drinks in moderation then they will be fine...there is not "moderation" for pot (unless you say a couple hits a week for a few years). http://www.valdosta.edu/aode/alcoholfacts.htm "A couple of hits a week for a few years" seem about right to me. I'd call that "moderate" pot use .Considering the % of the population that's used pot and the % of the population that use their lives only to smoke pot, I guess most people do use pot in moderation.   Finally, why do you compare it to alcohol anyway? Are you trying to say we should ban alcohol? No: legalise pot. Obviously if you're smoking 50 of pot a day, then it's going to be worse than a couple of beers a day. However I doubt most people who use pot, use anywhere near that amount a day. Considering the % of the population that's tried pot, and the % that has tried heroin, pot use seems to rarely lead ot heroin addiction. Heroin has a huge stigma attached to it, crack and cocaine a lesser one. Were pot use to inevitably lead to heroin addiction, I wouldn't want pot legalised, but clearly pot use rarely leads to heroin addiction, so I'm all for legalising it.  At some point (in a country) you gotta realize that this drug is no good to society. Maybe, but nor is alcohol, or smoking. Those aren't banned however, and until there's some unrefutable proof of pot being worse than smoking or alcohol, wasting money trying to keep it illegal seems pointless to me.  -Wez
I'm about as far right as you can get politically. So far right that I don't believe that the government has any grounds for regulating substances that we want to ingest, smoke, snort or inject. Where I differ from those on the Left is I don't feel compelled to help the druggies who get themselves in over their heads. To me, if you jump in a lake with weights around your ankles, don't expect me to jump in after you. Want to spend your life stoned, fine. Just don't expect me to pay your medical bills when you get sick. "Die ****er!" As Scrooge once quipped "better to die and decrease the surplus population." :)
Idealy this MIGHT not be a bad solution...however, the risks to everyone else and the pain it would cause the rest of society would probably be greater.  I wonder if that's truly the case. Right now, mandatory sentences for drug traffickers is forcing prisons to let "real" criminals out early. Without druggies in prison, there will be plenty of room for hard criminals to serve their ENTIRE sentence.
I won't comment on the "minor" points if that's ok, and just cut straight to it.  I would say this is true. Most people try pot a few times maybe during college and then stop when they go into the real world. Legalizing would probably cause that trend to end.  Why? That seems like a false-assumption to me.  And you are right, it rarely does lead to herion or crack addiction, however, that is not my reason for keeping it illegal...I was just talking about why it is not exactly good for you. The reason to keep it illegal would be to not be like amsterdam. If every country did it then you wouldn't have a flood of people coming to the US to smoke up and make our country cr*p. Can you prove that Amsterdam is going down the toilet because of legalising pot? I can't quite see it happening. Did pot use even greatly increase once pot was legalised?  Alcohol is kind of like pot in the way that you would have to legalize it or make it illegal...you would have to make it across the world for either one. Prohibition in the US caused higher organized crime because no other country had it...however, with weed, you can have the same thing...if we were the only ones to have it illegal (and once had it legal) then we would have the same situation. One other note, prohibition actually did work (in the sense of what it wanted to do) for those that know history...it just ended up causing other problems that were worse. Pot is helping organised crime at the moment, as well as draining money from the government in trying to combat it. Legalising it would give the government money from taxes, save money from no longer trying to prohibit it and the overall use, if prohibition is anything to go by, wouldn't increase greatly.  -Wez
Without a doubt an assumption, but when predicting what might happen you are always assuming. But what do you base that assumption on?   have you ever been to Amsterdam? If you haven't then go and you will understand. I went some time ago. However the same can be said for Reading. Got to some areas it's just shocking, while in others it's very nice.   Not organized crime in the US  Maybe, but it's still draining money when it could be producing money.  -Wez
Here's an interesting read that compares drug prohibition to alcohol prohibition on a broad (world) scope and, as with most good reads, presents both sides:  http://www.cedro-uva.org/lib/levine.alcohol.html
No one is saying alcohol is either...I would say both are not smart to use often...however, one beer is still better then smoking a bowl. Says who? I'll take a bowl over a beer anyday.  Actually he wasnt or I wouldn't have used that example. Sure.   I honestly have never not heard a pot smoker not rationalize his/her habit. Did I say rationalize? I said justify. You, me and everyone rationalizes just about everything we do... If you don't then I guess you live on pure emotion?   lol, and you prove my point...rationalization for the win :) What are you talking about? I'm serious. Coffee was f-ing me up in a bad way.   Well, I don't work with any "reefer heads" or pot smokers now...this was awhile back. Sure about that?  I got a good idea. however, they do tend to stay with their own. What? You don't know what you're talking about. But, generally pot smokers will hang out with other pot smokers to smoke pot. That doesn't mean they strictly hang out with them. I smoke it and have plenty of friends and acquaintances that don't.  Nah, it is a gateway in the fact that herion addicts and crack addicts are in the same room and are the same friends of yours that supply the marijuana.   NOW YOU'RE SMOKING CRACK HERE DUDE. I'm sure there are some people that deal all kinds of things, but someone who regularly sells pot pretty much only sells pot. I'm not saying 100%of the time, but pot smokers don't go into some ghetto crackhouse to get their pot.  Jesus, man, are you that out of touch?    Would legalization help this? I dunno, but probably cause many other problems without everyone legalizing it. There's nothing to help, because what you said has no resemblance to reality.  If someone is a junkie, they might also smoke pot, or if someone is a crackhead, they might also smoke pot, but the large majority of pot smokers DO NOT do heroin or smoke crack.    Rationalizing again :) It is  It's truly less harmful than alcohol. Rationalizing again :) It is still worse then alcohol with one beer or even 2 beers a day (which is pretty much average for a person of non-college age). You have a guy drink a beer a day and a guy smoke up a day and see the difference in 50yrs...you will know which one is the weed addict. Rationalizing? I guess so, since I'm trying to explain why it's silly for it to be illegal. But, guess what, you are rationalizing why beer is legal. And you're SO WRONG about drinking beer for 50 years.  Drink enough beer to get a buzz and smoke enough pot to get a buzz every day and the beer drinker will be worse off. But you and I both know that all this depends on the person.  If you want to limit it to a beer a day then I can limit it to one toke a day. There you go... If weed is good enough, one or two tokes is all you need. You probably got WAY less tar than a cigarette and you didn't tax your liver with alcohol. (You also didn't tax your kidneys and GI tract with caffiene.)  [quote]I've lost 2 friends to weed and my gf has actually had a friend get his head blown off so you probably won't convince me it is a good drug....[/quote} Good lord, let's all go watch Reefer Madness everyone.  Please, explain how you "lost" these friends "to weed." If your friend of a friend got his head blown off, that had everything to do with it being ILLEGAL...  But really dude, you're making this up anyway and it's silly.  however, like alcohol, it is impossible to convince someone addicted about how their addiction hurts them. No s- Any addiction is detrimental. Like I said, I was totally addicted to a legal drug (coffee) and I realized how it was hurting me, I'm not exaggerating.  That legal drug was hurting me way worse than weed ever could. How's that for rationalizing?
Given that the title is leagalzing all drugs I'm not sure a comment on just marijuana is appropriate, but what the heck. I hear a lot of arguments about 'its not as bad' as this or that. Telling me that it isn't as bad, is hardly a good reason for leglization. What's in it for me? The guy that doesn't use it and agrees that our two major forms of legal substance abuse vice cause plenty of social decay. Spare me the tax it and use that money for re-hab and what not, because there is free rehab as far as the eye can see for tobacco and alcohol. I see no good reason for legilization, and honestly, it isn't all that illegal in major cities. It's a ticket and probably a drug class/fine in the metro area I live. Hardly the chain gang.    Is it only me who has noticed this - the reason people do drugs is more complicated than whether it is legal or illegal. There could be other reasons such as peer pressure, personal problems , troubled family history, etc etc... I mean drugs are available regardless of whether they are legal or illegal, if people want to do drugs ,they will, the illegality of it will not stop them.   In some countries, pot is legal but not all the inhabitants of that country will smoke pot. Why do some people do drugs and others don't even when it is legal ? There has to be other reasons for doing drugs other than the illegality or legality of it.
Is it only me who has noticed this - the reason people do drugs is more complicated than whether it is legal or illegal. There could be other reasons such as peer pressure, personal problems , troubled family history, etc etc... I mean drugs are available regardless of whether they are legal or illegal, if people want to do drugs ,they will, the illegality of it will not stop them.   In some countries, pot is legal but not all the inhabitants of that country will smoke pot. Why do some people do drugs and others don't even when it is legal ? There has to be other reasons for doing drugs other than the illegality or legality of it. If the legality of drugs isn't a major reason for use/ no use, then why make them illegal?  -Wez
If the legality of drugs isn't a major reason for use/ no use, then why make them illegal?  -Wez   Good question. Maybe the government should legalise all drugs (hard & soft drugs ) and see what happens. Making alcohol illegal (prohibition) didn't work either.
Says who? I'll take a bowl over a beer anyday.  Not if you work for my company. Random drug testing. Counciling after first failed test, gone after the second. No ifs, and or buts.  .... NOW YOU'RE SMOKING CRACK HERE DUDE. I'm sure there are some people that deal all kinds of things, but someone who regularly sells pot pretty much only sells pot. I'm not saying 100%of the time, but pot smokers don't go into some ghetto crackhouse to get their pot. Jesus, man, are you that out of touch?  No, I think that he's right on target. The drug dealers that are caught here in Michigan usually get caught with weed AND more hardcore drugs. Theyy're "full service" dealers. Weed is a gateway drug, you know. :)  ..... If someone is a junkie, they might also smoke pot, or if someone is a crackhead, they might also smoke pot, but the large majority of pot smokers DO NOT do heroin or smoke crack. Now, I would agree with that.
I would not be able to say that I would take a bowl over a beer at anytime. I happen to perfer the taste of a beer over smoking something. But hell, its my preference, and who am i to tell someone what i better for them?  Drugs should be legal, it is not that taking drugs is a crime, jsut the actions one does that defines the crime.
It isn't a question of legality that I raise, it is one of pure volume. Alcohol does far more damage because there is far more of it. A great many of the problems you list haev their roots in substance abuse. Hardly a strong argument for increasing the volume of substances that can be abused.   So you think legalising drugs will increase the volume of substances ? What are you basing this on.  Well, I live in Canada and pot was recently legalised (up to certain grams). There was a lot of pot when it was illegal and there is a lot of pot now that it has been legalised. There was a spike in usage right soon after it was legalised but now it seems to have settled itself out and basically the same number of people who smoked pot when it was illegal smoke pot now that it is legal.  Even if the volume increases, people who are not into drugs are not going to do it.
Now, I'm all for letting people screw themselves up if they want to. But the peripheral to this is huge. The drain on the medical system, the peripheral crime to support the habit, and so on. Making it legal will expand these problems, IMHO.  Actually, the crime to support the habit will drastically decline if it were legalized. Currently, the price of drugs is hugely inflated because of prohibition, and removing prohibition will cause a tremendous fall in the price of drugs. That means users will need less money to support their habits, which means they will not need to steal nearly as much.
I can't believe you even pose this question. What a laugh. Yes, I am absolutely one hundred percent certain that were it legal the combined agricultural capability of Canada and the US could increase the ammount and quality of marijuana available 1000 fold easily.   It was only legalised up to a certain grams of pot. This large scale production that you are referring to is still illegal in Canada.
Yeah, but once it is legalised, you start breaking down the stigma attatched to using it, which means more people will use it. A lot of people are against drugs now, because they are illegal. Make it legal, and in a few generations people may be just as likely to come home and do a few lines of coke as they are to have a few beers.  Now, I'm all for letting people screw themselves up if they want to. But the peripheral to this is huge. The drain on the medical system, the peripheral crime to support the habit, and so on. Making it legal will expand these problems, IMHO.   A lot of people are against drugs also because they have seen at close range how drugs can screw up a person's life. How drugs can mess up a person's life is something people are very acutely aware of - which is why a lot of people including myself don't do drugs. We don't do drugs just because it is illegal but because we know how it can mess up your life.
That`s far from certain though since a drop in price would certainly increase consumption of the drug. The effect a drop in prices would have on the actual amount of money being used to purchase the drug cannot be theoreticly determined.   So, you could just as well end up with higher individual consumption for user, more habitual and recreational users, more crime and petty theft and sky-rocketing costs for society in terms of law enforcement, health care, production- and productivity losses, and not to mention the personal tragedies.  Most companies have drug and alcohol policies and employ random drug testing. I'm sure that's a pretty darn good deterrent for the potential causual drug user.  While this is not the only possible outcome, why on earth take the risk? Isn`t it enough to have legalised one of the most lethal drugs, alcohol? Do you really need another?  Personally, I'd rather be on the road at 2AM with a pot smoker than a drinker. Wouldn't you?
They steal becaue they have no other options, making the drug legal won't make them productive or dependable, so if you haven't got a jopb anyway, whether the cost is $5 a day or $25 it is irrelvant.   But if the price is lower, they would have to steal less.
No, they both have impaired judgement and neither has any business behind the wheel.  If you've ever seen a drunk and a pot smoker perform similar tasks that require dexterity, you'd see that there's a big difference between the two.
If you've ever seen a drunk and a pot smoker perform similar tasks that require dexterity, you'd see that there's a big difference between the two. Agreed. I'd rather be driven by someone who's high than someone who's drunk. That said I'd rather the person in the driver's seat be sober. Maybe I'm a wuss, but I find accidents inconvenient regardless of who's fault it is.
Agreed. I'd rather be driven by someone who's high than someone who's drunk. That said I'd rather the person in the driver's seat be sober. Maybe I'm a wuss, but I find accidents inconvenient regardless of who's fault it is.  No argument there.
How many men have gone home drunk to give thier partner a beating,and how many potheads have got stoned gone home and beaten thier wife/partner.There is a major difference.The problem is the goverments policy on drug education or even drug information.How they report crimes aswell,of the drug related crimes how many concern pot,apart from the obvious one of supplying?Potheads very rarely commit crime too stoned to leave the house and the munchies would be too far away lol emoticon_xangel
I've arrested both and pulled injured people out of wrecks involving both, have you ever seen that? That's the only 'dexterity' test I'm interested in. I said impaired judgement, they both have it, and it doesn't belong behind the wheel of a car. Yes, but one is clearly worse than another.  A cut is a wound. Losing your leg is a wound. There's a difference though.  A pot-smoker isn't meant to be behind the wheel. A drunkard isn't meant to be behind the wheel. There's a difference though.  -Wez
I've arrested both and pulled injured people out of wrecks involving both, have you ever seen that? That's the only 'dexterity' test I'm interested in. I said impaired judgement, they both have it, and it doesn't belong behind the wheel of a car.  And did they administer sobriety checks to all of them? Many pot smokers also drink at the same time. I've seen a pothead juggle 7 balls at once. I've NEVER seen a drunk do that.
Telling me a pothead isn't quite as dangerous as a drunk is still a far short of a reason to leaglize the drug. I think everyone is still missing the point of the topic.   I'll tell you right now, an alcoholic with a BAC of .08 is DUI, but they are also probably a far superior driver to a college kid who has been sucking on a bong all night at a party. So this tangent is still not a convincing argument for someone who doesn't use to support legalization.  My point was more that pot isn't, imo, more dangerous than alcohol.  -Wez
Yeah, and I`ve sat in a car driven by someone about to pass out due to her drunken state (she eventually did) without being injured or going "off-road". I`ve also sat in a car with a friend doped up on ganja who almost hit a pedestrian due to his impaired ability to react.  I`m not saying that it`s more dangerous to be behind the wheel when you are doped up, but it`s all situational. Both are just as stupid. Just as killing someone with a spoon or a knife is just as evil (even if one probably  hurts more)  No question that both are stupid things to do. My point was that if you use impaired driving ability as a reason for not legalizing drugs, then you're being disengenuous in not pushing for criminalizing the use of alcohol since it is involved in far more accidents than marijuana. IMO, the impaired driving arguemnt for keeping marijuana illegal is hypocritical because alcohol is far more likely to cause accidents and it's still legal.
I am not going to bandy this anymore. A pot head has their judement impaired. Their decision making is altered. That is not a good thing when operating a motor vehicle at speeds. The manual dexterity aside, sobriety tests are designed to test divided judgement and decison making as well. Somone stoned does not belong behind the wheel. Someone with an IV or morphine in them is probably more dangerous than a drunk or pot head, none of them belong behind the wheel. This is a silly discussion that provides zero incentive for supporting legalizing anything.  Silly as you may think it marijuana has little effect on motor skills unlike alcohol. It may affect concentration but so does a cell phone, being angry or otherwise upset emotionally and many other things. You wish to make them equivalent which just shows you don't know what you're talking about. Not trying to bash but "impaired judgement" is nebulous. Love impares your judgement and yet we let those in love drive.
Marijuana has an effect on reaction time and judgement. It is a chemical induced effect which someone enters through intentional ingestion of a substance. It is illegal to operate motor vehicles with these substances in your system. This whole discussion is stupid and no one is providing any rational for legilization. I say again, telling me something isn't as bad as something but is still bad is no argument for legalizing it.  Just because something can be used irresponsibly is no reason for it to be illegal.  Please post data on the effect on reaction time caused by THC.
 Can we please stop with the non-sense now?  http://cannabisculture.com/articles/1775.html  http://www.november.org/stayinfo/breaking3/MJScience.html
You still aren't getting it. I am not the one that has to prove anything. It is illegal. The pro-legilization crowd has to provide a reason to the average non-using joe to legalize it.   I did. If I can be trusted with a firearm and a vehicle, both of which can harm others, I should be able to be trusted with what I choose to ingest and when assuming my choosing is of my own free will and not driven by addiction.
Just because alcoho, is dangerous does not make marijuana any less dangerous. If I had thought it possible* to make alcohol illegal in my country, I would be all for it. It`s a terrible drug responsible for many deaths, tragedies and heavy costs upon the society and the average tax payer. I agree, however, the discussion was that marijuana should be illegal because it impairs driving. It is fair to compare the effect of alcohol to marijuana if the assertion made is that both impair driving but only ONE is illegal. The argument fails, logically, since the negative effects of alcohol far exceed those of marijuana. Therefore, some other criteria needs to be used in order to legitimately ban one and not the other, IMO.   None of this makes it any more sensible to make marijuana legal (or any other drug for that matter). Every drug (and poision, weapon or any other "dangerous" drugs that has potential external costs for society) has to be evaluated wether they should be legal or not on its own.  I don't believe that the government of a free people has the right to restrict personal choices unless those choices demonstrably negatively affect others. A free people don't want nor need a nanny government. Society, IMO, doesn't get to make the call on my personal behavior until that behavior impacts others.   Any discussion about the harm of alcohol in a discussion of marijuana is just a red herring (unless you explicitly try to establish a benchmark) * as in cost-efficient  See above.
Actually the debate is about whether all drugs should be legal. This whole marijuana thing is a tangent. People started puttting out how marijuana doesn't effect dexterity or that people can perform as well as sober driver while stoned, and that is a load of hogwash.  The argument that alcohol is legal and worse, does not provide a rational basis for the legilization of marijuana. At least the one comment about just wanting to be able to ingest whatever a person wants is more honest. The answer remains no however.  I'm looking for someone to put forth a good reason to add another legal vice to the inventory of Americans given the two major ones cause such a catastrophic level of damage. I have yet to read one.  the "good reason" that you are looking for is the belief that the government has overstepped its authority when it makes laws regulating what people can ingest. I'm a big opponent of nanny governmental intervention and drug laws are certainly a form of nanny governmental control of personal; behavior.  aside from the Constitutional issue, there's a more pragmatic reason. Mandatory drug sentencing has actually caused the early release of hardened felons. Because of prison overcrowding, violent felons are often given early parole in order to make way for mandatory drug sentenced individuals. Given a choice, I'd rather see the drug dealers on the street and the violent criminals in jail so that theyt can't commit more violent crimes.
I agree there is no reason to sacrifice prison space to house simple users. That's not what this debate is about. Drugs can still kept illegal while using existing bed space more wisely, and that still is no answer about a good reason for legilization. When simple changes to probation and more creative forms of house arrest can provide an answer to the issue you raise.  Your proposal may address the pragmatic issues, but not the fundamental Constitutional issue. I don't believe that the government has the authority to regulate personal behavior unless it injures others. A stoner, sitting at home getting stoned doesn't meet that criteria. IMO.
I agree there is no reason to sacrifice prison space to house simple users. That's not what this debate is about. Drugs can still kept illegal while using existing bed space more wisely, and that still is no answer about a good reason for legilization. When simple changes to probation and more creative forms of house arrest can provide an answer to the issue you raise.  And while we're wasting taxpayer money on house arresting druggies, a few murderers will get away with their crimes.
That is a statement without basis or any sort of explanation how precisely you arrive at that conclusion. Since the war on drugs has began (1980s), murder rates (especially unsolved murders) have increased. I'm sure that's pretty obvious.
Your proposal may address the pragmatic issues, but not the fundamental Constitutional issue. I don't believe that the government has the authority to regulate personal behavior unless it injures others. A stoner, sitting at home getting stoned doesn't meet that criteria. IMO.  I agree with that, but politicians and LE would lose a massive empire with enormous funding and draconian public control by adhering to it. This issue has been tossed around for decades with no justification other than morality legislation based on undefined social costs for continued illegality. The DEA budget alone, without DOJ grants to state and muni LE, incarceration costs or court costs, is in excess of $2-billion. Tack on those exceptions, add state/muni LE costs for drug enforcement and calculate lost tax revenue based on distribution. Then look at the social cost.   Winning the war on drugs? A political/LE pipe dream.
aside from the Constitutional issue What's the Constitutional issue in the issue of criminalization of drugs?
What's the Constitutional issue in the issue of criminalization of drugs?  If people smoke pot for religious reasons, Amendment 1 is violated.
If people smoke pot for religious reasons, Amendment 1 is violated. http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/lsd/suprmct.htm  Also here (discussing the same case): The high court states a new rule: no religious actions may violate general laws, but laws aimed specifically at religions or a particular religious practice will be held unconstitutional.
Since the war on drugs has began (1980s), murder rates (especially unsolved murders) have increased. I'm sure that's pretty obvious.  They went up, and then down as gang and distribution turf wars were sorted out and operating territories firmly established. With the exception of the new drug of choice, meth, the drug trade for pot, smack, coke and synthetics including methadone is now well organized and concentrates on logistical business issues such as supply and distribution.   While murders are down, incarceration for drug sales and possession has skyrocketed. The US has the highest per-capita rate of incarceration in the developed world, a large portion attributed to drug offenses. It isn't that our LE is especially efficient, they're reactive, not proactive, the 'snitch' factor being the largest single contributor to drug arrests. Our sheriff says without the snitch factor drug busts would be limited to those caught driving erratically or with defective equipment in traffic stops while using and/or in possession.   Here's an interesting article on correlation between alcohol prohibition and drug prohibition increasing the per-capita murder rate:  http://www.drugwarfacts.org/crime.htm
emoticon_rolleyes   Since the Moon Landings, violent crime in the UK has risen... That's sorta my point. I guess its hard to be sarcastic on the internet without using emoticon_rolleyes
Could it be that many potential murderers were arrested for sales and possession, thus taking them away from the public pool of potential murder victims?  That's not the way I understand the drug trade. Those in charge of specific territories are seldom if ever arrested unless LE has an informant who agrees to testify against them. If they are in fact convicted, their organizations continue functioning with new or substitute leadership as they control the wholesale supply.   Street dealers operate at the whim of whomever controls a specific territory by having retail sales (rights) due to their ability to obtain product from the territory 'owner' and are considered expendable. Some violence occurs to fill a street void, but not often as territories were well established long ago (the drug 'wars' of the 1980s and early 1990s) due to the immense profitability factor.   Users, consumers in possession, are the most common LE arrest and (meth excepted) considered non-violent. They're generally given a free LE ride if they identify their source of supply, the street dealer. Due to the immensity of the US drug trade, the street dealer seldom testifies against his/her supplier who controls the territory, valuing his/her life and that of family members and friends. Mercy and understanding are not in drug trade P&Ps.   So our LE devoted to drug enforcement grows faster than a hutch of rabbits, our judicial system is hopelessly clogged, jails and prisons are full with early release due to overcrowding being a daily occurrence and it's 'business as usual' in the stabilized, tax-free drug trade with few interruptions.
But, street dealers often carry handguns and drug deals can turn to murder. Could there be no correlation between the arrest of street level dealers and the decrease in murder rates? Why would a street dealer who's earning money pretty nicely use a gun, other than for self-protection?  -Wez
Why would a street dealer who's earning money pretty nicely use a gun, other than for self-protection?  -Wez Deal goes bad (someone won't pay for their drugs) so he threatens them, or shoots them.  Rival dealer tries to infringe on his region.  Cops come to arrest him.
But, street dealers often carry handguns and drug deals can turn to murder. Could there be no correlation between the arrest of street level dealers and the decrease in murder rates?  Look at it this way; street level dealers with or without guns are replaced within hours of not servicing their clientle. In most cases the weapons are for rip-off protection, not territory rights. Actual product delivery people in most inner-cities are 10-12-year old kids who carry the drugs because they take juvenile falls, not criminal code arrests. There's no jostling for territory, that's well established. Major killings (numbers) from the early, organizational period were over territory and supply rights. Those after power in the form of establishing territorial rights didn't kill another dealer, they decimated entire organizations. Colombians were known for taking out all members of associated families.   Illegal or not, the drug trade is a well-organized and very profitable business. Like any other business, risk factors are evaluated and adjusted to accomplish product distribution with minimal disruption. Increased LE arrests from traffic stops, burglar apprehension and other non-drug crimes to turn and identify street level dealers are just reactive LE making their numbers, in no way contributing to the decease in drug-related murders.
I believe the war on drugs is nothing more than an empty campaign tool. It will never be won for several reasons.  The number one reason I believe is that the drug world is too big of a money machine for the legal industry including police, bondsmen, lawyers, courts, rehab centers, etc. People can proudly claim they are fighting the war on drugs all the while knowing that it is never going to end. It's like coming out against something you know is never going to stop just to say you are against it. It makes the Bible thumpers happy.  The demand is never going to go to zero. The supply will always satisfy the demand.  I believe that's reality. US population growth with inordinate 'legal' economic and moral dependency on having unregulated drugs remain illegal make any change far more complex than simply repealing the Volstead Act as was done to eliminate prohibition of alcohol. And let's not forget politicians also receive economic benefit from drug illegality.
Deal goes bad (someone won't pay for their drugs) so he threatens them, or shoots them. Unlikely as he then won't get his money.  Rival dealer tries to infringe on his region. Territories are well established. It's suicide to try to steal someone else's turf.  Cops come to arrest him. Most likely, but it's far better to just be arrested, go to prison, come out and continue dealing.  The gun crime caused by dealers is, I expect, no higher, or very little higher, than the gun crime done by people in a similar economic situation.  -Wez
I believe that's reality. US population growth with inordinate 'legal' economic and moral dependency on having unregulated drugs remain illegal make any change far more complex than simply repealing the Volstead Act as was done to eliminate prohibition of alcohol. And let's not forget politicians also receive economic benefit from drug illegality.  Agreed. The drug enforcement efforts as well as the drug supply efforts have both become leviathans. There are probably $100's of Billion being spent on both sides of the equation. Simply repealing the Volstead Act would have a ripple effect that would take years to unravel. It would mean the dismantling of a large portion of our Federal Law Enforcement infrastructure and 10's of thousands of out-of-work Federal employees and hundreds of thousands of out-of-work people in the drug trade. Absorbing these people back into legitimate society won't be easy. The hit that the economy will take is also incalculable.  If we're going to legalize drugs, we'd better damn sight have a plan for what to do in the aftermath.
 It would mean the dismantling of a large portion of our Federal Law Enforcement infrastructure and 10's of thousands of out-of-work Federal employees  Sounds wonderful.
Sounds wonderful.  It does until you consider that with our luck, they'll hire all of them to work for the IRS. emoticon_mad
Yea the legalizatioin of drugs would cause an epedimic of problems. Crime, suicide, mental health problems, and physical health problems.  Too late, drug usage has already created those epidemics. Legalizing drugs may increase some of them temporarily, but they already exist. I would argue that there would be a decrease in crime, for certain.
And why is that? Because a large portion of people in jail now are there on drug-related charges.
If there is a positive relationship between drug consumption and crime, it doesn`t seem very likely that crime would go down as a result of lowering the price on drugs (and thus rasing consumption).  See above post. Legal drugs = less inmates.
@JPSartre  Ok, you're being overly technical here. Yes, legalization of all drugs would decrease drug crime in the same way that legalization of murder would decrease violent crime. This doesn't stop people from using though. I agree, just as Prohibition didn't end the use of alcohol. At some point, we need to decide if we want a "nanny gov't" that controls us or one that allows individual freedom.   On another note, I do think the "War on Drugs" has been handled very poorly. We need to treat users very differently than we treat traffickers and the like.  Mandatory sentencing for drug traffikers has actually forced violent criminals to be released early due to overcrowding. That's XXX-backwards, IMO.  Personally, I am for decriminilization of pot, but not legalization, and that's it. So, your position is based on pragmatism and not principle?
Of course it is. We don't live in a theocracy here. So you have to be in a theocracy in order to have principles? emoticon_confused   Who we jail always should be about pragmatism. The purpose of jailing people is to protect society; either through removing those people from society, or rehabilitating them. I do not think we need mandatory sentencing which has tossed judicial discretion out the window. I think we need to be treating users, not jailing them. Mandatory sentencing is counter-productive if you have a limited jail capacity.  As far as pot is concerned, I take that position because I think our money is far better spent on education and health care and the like, rather than keeping a twenty year old pothead behind bars. Personally, I think that my money is better spent BY ME rather than Uncle Sam. :)
My point was we shouldn't be jailing people based on the current whim principles of whoever is in office at the moment. We don't jail people for speaking negatively about the bible for example, simply because someone in power values it. For starters, I've never seen the words whim and principle used together. They are antitheses. A whim is not a principle and vice versa.  Mandatory sentencing is counter=productive period. That's what I said. And I agreed wth you. :)   That's for a entirely different discussion about conservativism and liberalism. You argued that there were better things the gov't could do with YOUR money. I was just pointing out that it wasn't really theirs to decide. :)
why cant the goverment decide how to spend there money i dont get your point could you clariphy  Because there is no such thing as THEIR money. All of the government's money is yours and mine. emoticon_frazzled
i think that if you legalised drugs, but anyone who wanted to buy them must register, so for instance if a parent wanted to check weather there child was or wasn't doing drugs they could, for lesser drugs such as cannibis. harder drugs should have an age limit on. hard drugs would need a prescription, so only for addicts, and would have to be taken on the premises, so they couldn't give some to other people to get addicted, and in the use of needles infetions could be stopped spreading as much. and i agree with who ever said earlier, that we could use the tax money to educate children and to advertise that drugs where wrong and maybe help with rehab.  i think the key is education on the facts, not just give the children the bad bits and leave out the rest, that just causes conflict of facts when the child reads something somewhere else. and causes them to doubt other info that is true.
I've been very iffy on the issue of legalization for quite some time. I used to be pro-legalization (atleast for weed) but now I'm pretty much against it.  I really hate the idea that we're wasting money on 'problems' that simply will not go away. If people want to do drugs, they WILL do drugs... its really simply as that. There has been a lot of talk about the actually harm that marijuana does and I will have to agree that it is much less a problem than alcohol.  I go to a college were both the binge drinking and the marijuana use is extremely rampant (#1 party school). I have friends who smoke pot every single day and I have friends who never smoke at all. I usually partake in smoking when my friends do it on weekends. The college here isn't easy and many of my friends are doing just fine in their classes. MARIJUANA DOES NOT MAKE YOU STUPID. Its the most distorting lie that I hear. It might make you lazy and a little short on memory DURING your high... but that only lasts a few hours.  But now back to the issue... why should marijuana be legal anyway? If you want to smoke marijuana in your home, you can. I've done it probably 200 times in my college career and not once has a police come knocking or have I felt like my privacy was at risk. It feels  perfectly legal and I think that perceived freedom is the essence of what is important.  Why pot should stay illegal... it makes it pretty damn expensive for a college student. I think this is a good thing. (This might not apply to everyone but atleast in my situation). Another thing is most people in jail are doing significant time were selling. They should be arrested... its the risk they take for making a lot of money. Either way our spending on the "drug war" should almost be cut out completely... but legalization isn't a good idea either. It sends the wrong message to young people.  I think people in my situation (hold a job, are in schooling, are in control of their life, etc.) hold a certain degree of responsiblity that allows one to handle drugs if they please (this includes delving into mushrooms, or cocaine if one is so inclined). The essence of a REAL addiction is when being sober just doesn't cut it anymore. Its the people with ****** lives who like their reality forever distorted (and who can blame them). I think everyone has the right to do whatever the **** they please as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else.  As I said before my thoughts are all around on the subject but my main point is this: The main argument for legalization is that the government shouldn't tell us what we can and can't do if it doesn't hurt anyone else... and I agree with this. But really... what are they doing to stop you from doing the drugs you want (atleast not blantantly in public)?... nothing! Legalizing drugs will lift much of the stigma (which I actually believe is good in some respects) that drugs are BAD simply stated. Kids at impressionable ages should believe this. They are to young and naive to have a plan for life and weed might just become it if they don't like school. When you're older and wiser you can make better decisions for yourself. You can 'rebel' if you want. You know the government is full of **** and weed won't make you stupid or crazy. But maybe its better for the youngin's to think so.  Just my 2 ounces  Another wandering stoner post? emoticon_confused  You are basically saying "Do as I say, not as I do" You do realize that, don't you? emoticon_rolleyes You know, smoking too much pot is bad for your memory....but I just can't for the life of me remember why. emoticon_frazzled :)
Yes... I'm basically saying you should just be happy smoking pot if you want to, its legal in principle. You won't get in trouble doing it. That's only because you've never been caught. It IS illegal to smoke pot even if you do it in your house. You have just been lucky.  And yes, if you are young and impressionable its best to make pot as scary and harmful as the politians do.  I've sat through my kids' DARE and Quest anti-drug programs and found them to be a joke. No doubt my kids did the same. Equating tobacco and cocaine immediately destroys any semblance of credibility with any kid with half a brain. After that, they view the whole program with a jaundiced eye.  My memory is just fine also What was the question? emoticon_confused :)
Actually, it's illegal to possess pot, not to smoke it. You can't get arrested for being high.  Not true. Public intoxication includes illegal drugs. Here's an example from WV.  Section 13A-11-10 Public intoxication. (a) A person commits the crime of public intoxication if he appears in a public place under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or other drug to the degree that he endangers himself or another person or property, or by boisterous and offensive conduct annoys another person in his vicinity.  (b) Public intoxication is a violation. 
I support legalization of every drug. I'm sure most of you are young and have been fed XXXX like "Marijuana will kill you." Actually it does less damage to the brain then alcohol and it cannot kill you. It is impossible. It takes 20,000 joints in one sitting to overdose on marijuana. Alcohol however kills thousands of americans each year from alcohol poisoning. You know that idiot pothead. He didn't get dumb from pot, he got dumb from birth. Marijuana does not have long term effects on IQ. The only side effect is the lazy side effect. The day after a person tends to be more lazy however it is like a hang over..... it only lasts for a day. There is no reason why it should remain illegal. I also support all drugs being legalized because the drug war has failed. We spend billions each year on the drug war and I can call someone right now and pick up some crack. It is a failure. What we should do is make it government controlled and then spend the money to fight drugs on drug education. Flood the schools with ACTUAL info about how herion kills and how it breaks a person down. Tell the kids how you can die from one use of coke. Tell them the short term and long term effects of each drug. If we can educate our kids and even adults through an ad campaign about what drugs do to you then we could save far more people. Also allowing drugs to be regulated will lower the prices and effectively kill drug dealers and gangs off the streets. There are so many benefits to legalizing drugs. Anyone want to fight it? I have proof to back up what I say and also have the effects of each drug.  I too support decriminalizing Marijuana. Because I know alot of pot heads and they don't hurt anyone. You don't see people robbing banks or killing or raping on a joint. You are right you can not overdose on marijuana. However to say it does not kill you is wrong. Anything that effects the mind like that does kill you it just takes time. Pop kills,tobacco kills,driving a car kills and water kills (usually too much at one time but however it might have some additives in it that someone might be allergic to). You are also correct that the war on drugs is not working it is a miserable failure. However we can not decriminalize hard drugs like Crack and Heroine and most of all Meth. Any money seized in these wars should go for education. But how can children respect the teachings of why they will harm you and destroy your life if they can easily get it? I know a meth user (I hate this guy but he uses). If I was a kid being taught how it kills and I know he uses and I can legally get it why would I believe you that it kills? But some parents would have a problem with real education on how drugs kill. Let the kids see a crack head in the hospital who was rushed there for an overdose. I have seen it. Not pretty. But the hard things are worth watching.
The amount of Bs I've heard in this thread so far has been amazing. First off it is safer for your body to smoke a joint then to drink one beer just look at the facts. I'm tired of people making this drug to be worse then it is, it is ranked as the least habit forming and least addicting Intoxicant available. It doesn't cause any type of brain damage, it doesn't kill brain cells, and the "laziness" associated with this drug is known most often to occur in minors. If you want to know more about Weed myths visit this site here it is completely backed up with studies and other data to support its conclusions: http://paranoia.lycaeum.org/marijuana/facts/. If anyone can prove anything contained in this site wrong I would gladly hear him or her out. Now the debate of legalization of drugs is a debate that shouldn't exist in the first place if people would just remember what happened during prohibition of Alcohol. There are many claims about how crime will go down or how violent crime has gone up blah blah blah.... None of this really matters if you look at the big picture. Think about it, when you buy drugs whom do you think produces sells and profits from these drugs? Whose profits and financial support would disappear if drugs were to be legalized? That's right, gangsters and terrorists that's who and no amount of law enforcement will ever be able to fully stop them, its just not working its as simple as that. Many people say that if drugs became legal that usage would rise. Well this is logical and I agree it would rise, but not by much and not enough to justify the wasted money, lives and the power prohibition grants organized crime and terrorists as well as the rampant corruption of public figures. Many people talk about legalization as if it will bring all sorts of problems associated with drug use. Let me clue you in: the problems already exist and drugs currently are illegal so, explain to me again how all these problems would magically arise if drugs were legal, but for some reason don't exist now? Now I agree that the problems would rise, but again not enough to justify the wasted money, lives and the power prohibition grants organized crime and terrorists as well as the rampant corruption of public figures. Many people say that of course crime would go down it would be the same if you legalized murder. This simply is not true there is a large amount of crime associated with drug use as well as selling drugs so, crime would go down but, in many different areas that hurt our society much more then drug use. Claims that drug use will sky rocket are simply false this has been proven true with prohibition. Also minors will have restricted from drugs due to age limits. It was much harder for me to get dope then it was for me to get a beer. To get beer I had to know somebody that was 21 and that was willing to buy me beer but, to get drugs I just had to know a dealer and many weren't much older then me when I was 16. Comon people the drug war is a lost cause that is hurting our county so, give it up already!
Should it be legalized? Yes.  Is it harmful? No, not nearly as much as alcohol or tobacco. Should it be taxed once legalized? Yes. Should laws still aply to it, such as DUIs and the like? Yes.  As for what is blocking it, people who have been convinced, mostly by right wing politicians that legalizing marijuana would bring about an end to civillization. They'e simply afraid of people enjoying themselves in a non-harmful way.
Should it be legalized? Only if every other country did it  Why? Since when do we attempt to "emulate" other countrys?  Is it harmful? Yes more so then moderate alcohol use and worse then  smoking  Prove that. What you dont see is that marijuana is also helpful.
 Is it harmful? Yes more so then moderate alcohol use and worse then smoking   I don't believe that. Give me some proof. Besides, one does not have to smoke marijuana to get high.
 Legalized? No.   Decriminalized? Immediately.   Make it similar to a parking ticket in terms of legal trouble.  I don't get it. Why is it parking-ticket wrong? You don't give people you-had-a-beer-after-work tickets. What justifies tickets for smoking pot?  I can't wait for MASD. That'll be fun.
 First of all, MJ has side affects. Alot of them.   If something has side effects, then we should ticket people who do that something? Is that a general principle you're ready to accept?   Second, the damage that widespread use to our already screwed up healthcare could be astronomical.    Why would ticketing, as opposed to legalizing or not legalizing (that is, what we have now), lead to less widespread use? There's an argument in here somewhere, but you just aren't making it.   However, the current system obviously does not work. But because it is not a problem free drug, legalizing it is likely a bad idea.    We should not legalize anything that is not problem-free?   If we had a single payer system where people were accountable for their own health...   Isn't a single payer system the sort of system where the government, not individuals, are accountable for the health of the people? Perhaps in a pure free-market system, you could argue that if you smoke weed and get sick, it's your own damn fault, hire a doctor. But under a single payer system, you are not accountable; everyone is.   Legalize:NO. Punishable by law: Yes. Do you not know that MJ will kill you? What about alcohol poisoning, smoking addiction? They are all addictive drugs.    Which only raises the question, what is the qualitative difference between alcohol and MJ?   Yet alcohol is not a "get high" drug and can be ahandled by the body in small ammounts.    HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!  Okay, I'm done.  (not a "get high" drug indeed...)   Smoking (the basis for MJ) is harmful and causes lung cancer. So just add another health risk to American's and raise social security. While we all kick back lite a fresh one and say "screw problems man, like mellow out and watch out for responsibility". And then the country goes to "pot".   I'm finding it very hard to understand PRECISELY what it is that you are worried about. Health problems? Lameass hippies? What?
Marijuana is not addictive, at least nowhere near the level as tobacco and alcohol.
it's not physically addictive, like caffeine, nicotine or alcohol, but it is psychologically addictive.
it's not physically addictive, like caffeine, nicotine or alcohol, but it is psychologically addictive.   So is recreation.
 Think about it- teens having adults by drugs for them, they fail in school become criminals etc.    jazyjason: when I was in high school, we smoked weed rather than drinking alcohol because you could buy weed from a drug dealer, who would only ask if you had money. If you wanted booze, you had to do all kinds of onerous things like hiring some sketchy character to buy it from you (and making sure he didn't steal your money), or steal it from your parents (and make sure they don't notice), etc. Weed was just that much less of a hassle, precisely because it's illegal.   We need to control this. The AMA has done lots of tests for long term effects, phycological ones. So were gonna throw away all we have done with anti drug programs, drug rehap , just to enforce it?   I don't understand what you're talking about here.
 So of course you want to legalize MJ. You did drugs so then it because acceptable because YOU had flaws?    What do you mean, I had flaws? You suggested that legalizing MJ would lead to more widespread use. I pointed out that when I was in school, we smoked MJ because it was easier to get than alcohol. If MJ had been legal, it would have been harder for us.   Come on. That gives no true positive reason to legalize MJ.    The above is one.   Clarify ok: We have proof MJ is bad. It's addictive, it kills. It kills brain cells. We have spent billions in drug prevention and rehab why after all that effort would we tear down those achievements?   We don't seem to have difficulty spending money on alcoholism prevention and alcohol rehab. How would we have torn down anything if we legalized MJ?
 It's addictive, it kills.   Crack is addictive and kills Heroin is addictive and kills Meth is addictive and kills Coccaine is addicitve and kills Speed is addictive and kills Tobacco is addicitve and kills Alcohol is addicitve and kills  Marijuana is not physically addictive, (I ont buy this claim that it is psychologically addictive either), and definately does not kill.
Crack is addictive and kills Heroin is addictive and kills Meth is addictive and kills Coccaine is addicitve and kills Speed is addictive and kills Tobacco is addicitve and kills Alcohol is addicitve and kills  Marijuana is not physically addictive, (I ont buy this claim that it is psychologically addictive either), and definately does not kill.  Most of the "research" on marijuana is junk science anyway.   The whole "psychologically addicting" nonsense was a reaction to their inability to show physical dependence. Remember when they said boys would grow breasts and the so-called amotivational syndrome?
 Crack is addictive and kills Coccaine is addicitve and kills   I don't know if this is true. I understand cocaine (and derivatives) to be psychologically addictive only.   Speed is addictive and kills Meth is addictive and kills   I'm not sure about these either.   Marijuana is not physically addictive, (I ont buy this claim that it is psychologically addictive either), and definately does not kill.   Well, it's clearly psychologically addictive, but so is anything that feels good.
 Great! So if you had been a teenager in Amsterdam you would have had great difficulty getting marijuana, because marijuana is legal over there. So to satisfy your 'illegal impulses' you would have tried something illegal, such as heroin, and hence according to you easily available, no questions asked etc, and ended up a junkie,   Only if heroin was illegal.   but maybe not, because you are not sure whether heroin is addictive or not. Well, think of it, give it a try and see what happens   I never said that. I understand heroin and opiates to be addictive.
 psychologically only? crack is not addictive? C'mon!  That's my claim.   To think that what is illegal is more easily available than something legal is absurd.   Not for children, when it comes to things which are prohibited to children but legal for adults. I meant that the incentive described for me to do heroin would have been removed if heroin was legal, but subject to the same restrictions as alcohol. The claim cannot be absurd, because it is the case. I have experienced it.
This is my view: If you want to screw up your life, you can. Will it hurt you? Yes. Do you already know that if you're taking it? Yes. Asprin can kill too, why not make that illegal? I think that if someone is hurt by marijuana or another recreational drug of the sort that they shouldn't be eligeble for money to help them (unless it was for medical purposes, that's a whole other argument). The best scenario would be you put in your own money and spend it to help you, that way if you want to screw yourself, you can, but society won't bail you out. That's how it should be.
 What I consider false is your claim that something illegal is more readily available than something legal, not your desire to taste the forbidden fruit.  Well, you can consider it false all you want. It's quite true.    For information about cocaine addiction: http://www.nida.nih.gov/DrugPages/Cocaine.html   Interesting. However, of the two pamphlets I read, neither made any effort to distinguish between physical and psychological addiction. Consequently, I'm not sure what sort of conclusion I can draw from it.   Which high school did you go to ?   Andover. What kind of question is that?   It looks like you had a lot of free time in your hands when you were at high school, which is not the experience for most people in high school.   You caught me. I never went to high school. I spent the entire time in a haze of sex, drugs, and rock & roll.   Maybe there was another reason for you smoking dupe than the fact that it was illegal - have you thought of that ?   Do you have a point here? If so, would you care to clarify it?   This is my view: If you want to screw up your life, you can. Will it hurt you? Yes. Do you already know that if you're taking it? Yes. Asprin can kill too, why not make that illegal? I think that if someone is hurt by marijuana or another recreational drug of the sort that they shouldn't be eligeble for money to help them (unless it was for medical purposes, that's a whole other argument). The best scenario would be you put in your own money and spend it to help you, that way if you want to screw yourself, you can, but society won't bail you out. That's how it should be.   I guess Reason is right. Most people do have libertarian impulses.
Not as dopey as your comments   CATFIGHT!! Lets get it on! :p
I mean it is another problem just waiting to escalate in the nation. Think about it- teens having adults by drugs for them, they fail in school become criminals etc. We need to control this. The AMA has done lots of tests for long term effects, phycological ones. So were gonna throw away all we have done with anti drug programs, drug rehap , just to enforce it? Actually, controlled legalization is far better than the proven failure of prohibition. Since paid programs exist for the addicted, it would make more sense to get the funds for these programs from the drugs that cause it.   You get other benefits to this. Gang presence is lessened (possibly removed completely), as their income source is now removed. Smuggling is lessened - who would risk it if the rewards are limited?  Legalizing drugs will not create the flood of users the prohibitions claim. And prohibitionists seem to be reinforcing the poor parent syndrome, where the parents are not involved enough in their children's lives, causing many of these problems. This is easily seen in the drug use spike of yuppy teens. They have money, they are bored, they are lonely. Because mom and dad are too busy making money to properly parent.
Seems to be a lot of bad information about various drugs.  Alcohol:  1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive. Sometimes physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Moderate (usually self limiting, however when consumed in massive doses over a short period of time, can cause death due to liver failure, kidney failure, apnea (lack of breathing), or disturbance in electrolyte balance causing sudden cardiac arrest.)    Heroin: 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Both highly psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (simply put to much in the syringe, or unexpectedly get a more potent dose, you stop breathing, dead)  Cocaine (including crack): 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (snort or smoke too much, massive heart attack, dead)  Marijuana: 1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive, not physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Extremely Low (you would have to smoke an enormous amount of marijuana to kill you, not likely)  Tobacco: 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Both psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Low (usually as the result of underlying cardiac disease aggravated by cardiac affects of nicotine)  Tylenol: 1. Low potential for abuse. 2. Neither psychologically or physically addictive 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (taking simply 5-10 times normal dose can cause liver failure and clotting problems)  Do all drugs have side effects? Yes. Can most drugs be damaging when taken in excessive dosages? Yes. Can most drugs have serious effects on health after long term or excessive usage? Yes.   Know your drug. Know your dosage. Know the effects. Know the risks. Know the long term consequences.
Everything can be psychologically addictive. Or, better, people can get addicted to anything. This forum could become someone's addiction.  The problem with drugs is not what the drug does to the drug user. It's what the drug drives the user to do to others that the problem. From employment loss to crime and I'm not talking about smuggling. I'm talking about minors prostituting themselves for their drug money. About shaking teenagers robbing people in parks. About teenagers stealing their grandfather's WWII medals and pawning them.  P.S. Teenagers are generally more easily ensnared, that's why I'm focusing on them. However, adults are no better at all. I have seen people shot, stabbed, assaulted, beaten, killed, robbed, held at gunpoint, etc etc etc. In every instance, it was over crack, coke, heroin, Meth and such. Usually it is the physical withdrawl that makes people so desperate for a fix that they will be willing to commit crimes, give away important possessions, and even hurt others. I'm not saying that it never happens with marijuana, but on the whole I would say that cases of such are few and far between at best.
People will get behind the wheel while being as high as a kit and they will kill because your reaction time is greatly hindered. Cite a case please.
In 2004, at least 9 percent of roughly 17,100 drivers tested for drugs after being involved in a fatal crash came up positive for marijuana, according to statistics provided by the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration.what percentage tested positive for alcohol? The pot test only shows that you've used in the last 30 days, not that you are presently under the influence.  In Bucks County, a 19-year-old died last year after crashing into a tree near Oxford Valley Mall. He was under the influence of marijuana, police said. here's a maybe.   In March, 16-year-old Jessica Easter of Bala Cynwyd was killed as she tried to get out of an SUV driven by Stephen L. Meloni, 19, a Harriton High School graduate who had twice the legal amount of alcohol in his system. Meloni also tested positive for marijuana. In addition, police found nearly 80 grams of the drug in his vehicle.Notice, plenty of alcohol.  marijuana combined with a beer or two can produce a blood-alcohol level nearly twice the legal limit in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. It's more than seven times Pennsylvania's limit for drivers under 21.THC impacting blood alcohol levels. Not heard that one. Will investigate.   Wow that was the easiest thing i've ever cited, took all of 2 mins. Im very surprised that you even doubted it.  My point is that it's not at all clear we have much to fear from pothead drivers. Drunks, big time. You might find this interesting reading: http://mojo.calyx.net/~olsen/HEMP/IHA/iha01206.html
marijuana combined with a beer or two can produce a blood-alcohol level nearly twice the legal limit in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. It's more than seven times Pennsylvania's limit for drivers under 21. Huh? Only alcohol can raise your blood alcohol level. Drinking 1 beer will cause a relatively constant rise in blood alcohol level per person. Smoking a joint while drinking that beer will have no effect on blood alcohol level.   And if you want to get technical, marijuana will actually assist the body in ridding itself of alcohol. Since marijuana causes a rise in heart rate and blood pressure, there will be a concurrent rise in metabolism. (This is why many stoners feel the need to eat Wendy's at 2 AM) This rise in circulatory and metabolic activity causes the blood volume to be circulated at a higher rate, thereby passing more blood through the liver where alcohol is metabolized.
It should be legalised as it's no more harmful than alcohol or tobacco.  Not only that but many marijuana users end up going onto harder drugs through contact with their marijuana dealer. Lesgalising it would break that link and actually reduce the level of drug addicts overall.  Furthermore you could tax it and put the money into more police to clamp down on hard drugs, which would be a good thing.
It should be legalised as it's no more harmful than alcohol or tobacco.  Not only that but many marijuana users end up going onto harder drugs through contact with their marijuana dealer. Lesgalising it would break that link and actually reduce the level of drug addicts overall.  Furthermore you could tax it and put the money into more police to clamp down on hard drugs, which would be a good thing.  Way too sensible. Religious leaders will never accept legalization of any substance their dogma has declared sinful. Another sin openly flaunted, denied market tax revenue while consuming existing tax revenue for legislative enforcement.
It should be legalised because it's no more harmful then alcohol or tobacco eh... Well maybe not in the long term sense, at least there's just insufficient studies to prove that it is, But the effects of the drug happens pretty quick and its not good to be high while driving.   True, the effects do kick in fast but why is that necessarily bad?  It's also no worse than drink-driving and it would be just as serious an offense to drive while on marijuana. In fact, since the police are spending less time going after ordinary smokers they can spend more time going after sunstance abuse drivers.  I don't get why you all want to add another problem into society... It doesn't make sense...  It's not adding a problem into society, the problem is already there. It's making the problem better for numerous reasons such as breaking the link between marijuana and hard drugs, increasing police funding through tax and also technically decreasing unemployment as people who have smoked will no longer be refused jobs.
There are a lot more people who oppose legalization of marijuana, or other drugs for that matter, than just the religious.  That's the driving force behind most US legislation with a morality position.
Not sure why I'm posting here as many of the posters are completely ignorant of all this.  I smoked pot in high school. Big deal. Was it easier to get than alcohol? Maybe a little, but I could get either whenever I wanted. I hope my children also enjoy their lives, smoke a little pot now and again, eat a little steak, have some beer, smoke a cigar, etc. This is how I was brought up.  Am I a degenerate? I certainly hope not. I am a Nuclear Engineering major at probably the most prestigious school in the country, which must go unnamed. Of three of my absolute best friends in high school: The one who smoked the most pot now goes to Princeton; he is brilliant. The one who smoked pot and did a whole host of other drugs passed more AP (advanced placement) college exams than anyone in America, ever. As soon as he graduated high school, he was a senior in college. The other smoked a large amount, and now attends an ivy league school as well (Brown). I no longer smoke pot, but a lot of my friends do, and I probably will again when I am older (possibly retired).  I have yet to understand where all this anti-marijuana sentiment comes from. Rather, I know where, I just can't make sense of it. It's generally middle-aged people (women in particular) who seem to associate pot with gangs and violence. The truth is the opposite. Pot reduces violent tendencies (if you ever smoke it you would know this without question). There is absolutely no evidence that driving while stoned increases one's risk of getting into an accident. NONE. In addition, whatever societal negatives you are trying to conjure up would be far outweighed by the enormous tax revenues the government would make off selling the drug.  To say that marijuana is addictive is wrong to the point of hilarity. We know it isn't physically addictive. To say that it is psychologically addictive is to say that you enjoy doing it. So, it shouldn't be allowed because it is psychologically addictive is the same thing as saying: "you shouldn't be allowed to do it because you will enjoy it." If that doesn't make you chuckle, we've got problems.  Also, I don't know if you realize this or not, but THC has in no way been proven to be harmful in any long-term sense. Sure, SMOKE is harmful. Not THC. You can use a vaporizer to extract only THC from the marijuana and it becomes completely harmless health-wise. You people with a stick up your butts probably do not know this.  The number of drugs that are much worse for you that America's and Canada's governments are too inept to criminalize are many. Just go smoke some purified salvia and tell me it ought to be legal. Yet you can buy it at virtually any herbal market or florist. If you purify it, which is legal, and smoke it, which is legal, you will hallucinate and temporarily go insane. MANY other similar such drugs exist in our country. And here we are debating something harmless, while you ignorant marijuana haters just keep going. So sad. Public ignorance always is. And if there is one thing I've learned, sadly, it's that the public is always ignorant.
It does raise your heart rate, but it also enhances the effects of other drugs taken and alcohol, so its not a good thing to be going around smoking up just to get sober quicker based on what you stated.  I never stated that this was a good policy to sober up. And yes, marijuana can cause sedation, and slowed reaction times, so yes, combining it with alcohol can cause a concominent potentiation. However, you stated previously that smoking marijuana while drinking a beer will inflate your blood alcohol level, I was just pointing out how you were wrong.   But lets still not forget the common sense aspect... When you smoke up its possible to have hallucinations, drowsiness, paranoia, anxiety, and pointless laughing. How does that at all sound safe while driving? I never said it did sound safe while driving. I firmly believe that pot should be legal for adults to buy, and regulated in the same respect as cigarettes or alcohol. However, just as with alcohol, I advocate responsible use and sober driving. What exactly would be your objection to me sucking down a joint on my couch in the privacy of my own home?   BTW: Alcohol is a causative agent in many of the motor vehicle accidents I go to, as well as many of the assaults, domestic violence scenes, and falls. I can't count on both hands the number of drunks I have dealt with over the last month. I can however say with certainty that I have not been to one call over the last month where marijuana was the problem. In fact, in over 13 years of EMS experience, I can honestly say that I have been to less than 10 calls where marijuana has been the problem. It happens, but not that often. Do you advocate prohibition of alcohol as well?
One more question Evan, have you ever smoked pot?
Also, I saw some discussion about religion and pot. Well, I am a practicing Roman Catholic. I am not even close to perfect. But, if there is one thing I don't lose sleep over, it's having smoked pot. I'd do it again if my lifestyle supported it. The fact is that the only reason my religion tells me that smoking pot may be sinful is because it is breaking the law. And even this doesn't necessitate it as sin. Now, Catholicism is a pretty darn large religion, and nowhere in the Bible, nor in Church doctrine, is there anything that has yet to make me believe that smoking pot is inherently sinful. Thus, I have no reason to believe most other Christian doctrines have pot listed as one of their nono's. I'll warrant there are some, such as Mormonism, but not many. As I said in my other post, I was brought up to enjoy life as God created it, and marijuana is simply another herb that one may choose to enjoy. Moderation? Yes. Inherent sin? Ridiculous.  I truly do not believe that "sin" is what is keeping pot illegal. It is mere politics and the ignorant fear of the masses. Pot is "of the devil," they secretly believe, yet nowhere can one find evidence for such white trash garbage.  Evan, lemme give you a little advice. Find a friend who smokes, take a couple drags, and enjoy yourself. Then come tell me it's a big deal.  At the risk of going off on a rant, I'd like to add another thing. The only reason pot is associated with crime is because it is a criminal act. Do you understand this?? That is why "shady hoodlums" are the ones with the pot. Whose who are willing to risk breaking big-time laws are the ones supplying it. If it were legalized, all this nonsense about the "bad kids doing pot" would fall by the wayside and you all would wake up and realize the drug does nothing more than create a harmless, benevolent high. NOTHING. It does not make you stab your parents, or rob a jewelry store, or steal money from a fifth grader, or get into fights, or .... and the bs-list goes on. My guess is that the only reason this mis-association ever came about is because the inherent nature of making any substance illegal prerequisites the fact that a criminal must be the one who obtains it. Remember when alcohol was illegal in America? Next thing we knew it was those pesky ole' mobsters killing people by the dozen to supply alcohol. Those were the "shady high-schoolers" of alcohol. Hah! Now look at what we have today - no more black-market killings to obtain it! And the funny thing is that the negative effects of alcohol could be seen, legal or not! You still had your drunks, your moderate drinkers, your party animals, and your dry-mouths. What we have here is a misunderstanding due to confusing association with causality - NOT the same things! But I've no doubt I'd have as much luck as telling these things to a brick wall...
Your logic makes no sense... we have a drug problem so we'll just legalize the drug and BAME, no more problem... by legalizing it more and more people would be getting into it and smoking more of it.   Yes more people would get into it. However they would be educated not to abuse the drug and take it in small doses.  Causing more and more cases of drugging and driving.  They could just as easily drink and drive, it's actually more harmful.  Also the market in the marijuana right now is huge for Organized Crime, and they won't go away just because the government is involved, the profit is to high. In fact they'll try competing with the government and will be able to win by providing a product with a higher potency and cheaper prices if you tax the XXXX out of it, as you proposed.   Firstly, they will not be able to sell the drugs that cheaply because they are buying them from illegal sources, as opposed to the government buying in bulk. Also the tax wouldn't be huge because of the large number of people that smoke it.  Secondly the police will not need to arrest 'druggies' on the streets so they can go after more dealers.  Thirdly using that logic no one would buy cigarettes as they can get ilelgally smuggled imports cheaper than they do at the shops.  Fourthly, did the prohibition of alcohol in America mean organised crime or more organised crime?  We also already have a massive problem with people going out and drinking and driving, why do you want to add to it. As i stated when you legalize it your pretty much opening the flood gates and providing it to even more people, raising the chances of drugging and driving, therefore creating a bigger problem.   Drinking under the influence of marijuana is less harmful than drinking under the influence of alcohol.  Also it will not change the fact that Marijuana leads to other drugs. Druggies like the high, and after awhile they will want to try something that provides a bigger high. It doesn't matter wither or not it's legalized or not.  That's exactly what happens if drugs *aren't* legalised. Dealers get the addicts started on marijuana and then get them addicted to harder drugs. By making sure that smokers do not go to the dealers to get their drugs, you break the link between marijuana and hard drugs.  Also there will be less dealers because the police will be going after the serious criminals rather than a junkie with a spliff in his pocket.
I think Evan would be in for a major shock if he had any clue as to how widely distributed pot users are within US society, at all socioeconomic levels.   Marijuana is just a replay of America's failed experiment with alcohol prohibition. Morality legislation consuming abnormal enforcement resources in a supply and demand circumstance with no offsetting tax revenue.
I think Evan would be in for a major shock if he had any clue as to how widely distributed pot users are within US society, at all socioeconomic levels.  And as such any roadway mayhem approaching alcohol related accident statistics would have already materialized.
And as such any roadway mayhem approaching alcohol related accident statistics would have already materialized.  'Reefer Madness' mentality seems to dominate the opinions of those who support the very expensive continued prohibition of pot.
 you admitted that the drug slows reaction time and causes sedation. you may sit there on your couch and smoke up, but come on! that's not going to be the case with allot of people. People will get in a car and will drive while under the influence of the drug. Actually, I know a lot of people who smoke marijuana, and the majority of them do enjoy it in their homes, and are responsbile enough to not go out and drive when they get baked. It is simple common sense and maturity. Yes, some will get in their cars and drive, but this already occurs far more often than you realize. You seem to be oblivious as to how many people in this country smoke marijuana.   Also, if you legalize the drug this occurrence will happen much more often. And you base this on what? Or are you just telling us what you think will happen? Marijuana is already so commonly available that it is simple to obtain. With it's common availability it is not hard to realize that if someone wants to get high that they can do so without difficulty. I doubt that we would see a significant increase in DUI of marijuana simply by legalizing it. Look to Amsterdam...decriminalization and government control of marijuana seems to have worked well. I have not heard of a significant increase of traffic accidents and fatalities there.   Also you stated that alcohol cause much more problems... umm... why is that? Could it be because its readily avaible. And yes, prohibition seemed to stop people from obtaining alcohol. Sure you're right. emoticon_rolleyes Alcohol causes more problems for a variety of reasons.  1. It is far more harmful to the body than marijuana. 2. Alcohol causes changes in mood and affect not common to marijuana, namely violent and irrational behavior.  3. Alcohol is far more debilitating than marijuana in acute intoxication. We have all seen people drunk to the point where they cannot talk, walk, see straight, or even form a complete sentence. I have never seen someone high enough on marijuana to cause these problems. I do not advocate driving under the influence of marijuana any more than I would alcohol. But to say that someone who is high is as dangerous as someone who is drunk behind the wheel is irresponsible and simply wrong.   Marijuana is already readily available. We have not seen the problems with pot that we have seen with alcohol.   Now im not advocating prohibition because it will never work and it didn't work because the people had already had a taste of what it was like to have alcohol. Once you give the public something like that they will not give it up. Then you are a hypocrite. You advocate continued prohibition of marijuana based on the fact that legalization will make our roads more dangerous due to an increase of people DUI of marijuana. So in your mind, less people smoke up and drive because we have a prohibition against marijuana. So following your logic, if alcohol was prohibited and "less available", fewer people would DUI of alcohol, making our roads vastly safer. Yet you do not advocate prohibition of alcohol, and even state that you do not believe prohibition works. Which is it? Sad news, people already have a taste for marijuna even though it is prohibited. I agree with the statement that prohibition does not work.  Now if we were to legalize marijuana you would most definitely see a rise in situations where marijuana was a contributing factor. Again, based on what? Do you have any examples or research to back up this statement? Or are you guessing?  Also you say that it should only be given to adults... lol i don't know how long ago you were a kid but kids don't care whats only suppose to be for adult and whats not, they'll get it one way or another. They already do. Legalize marijuana, remove more of the street dealers, and make it more difficult to obtain on the street. Don't see too many moonshiners around these days...
Alright... Cheese dude  You picked the worst time to post, im going to bed i'll be telling you whats wrong with your post in due time so don't worry.   And no i have never smoked pot and i never will.   Umm... Maybe thats why i seem to be the one with the common sense here. I know this was not addressed to me, but I feel like I should respond anyway.   1. Learn to use peoples names. It shows a little respect, and people might be a little more apt to return it in kind. Cheese Dude and Snake Dude are not screen names used on this forum. There are however Cheesejoff and Snakespit.  2. Second, instead of telling people what is wrong with their posts, try telling them why you dissagree with their post. Arrogance is not a favorable quality in this setting.   3. If you never smoked pot, and have no first hand experience with it, where do you get your information from? I am just curious as to what sources you are looking at, and how objective the information presented by these sources is.   4. Suggesting that you are the only one here with common sense is rather myopic. What leads you to believe that the rest of us do not speak with common sense?
It should be legalised as it's no more harmful than alcohol or tobacco.  Not only that but many marijuana users end up going onto harder drugs through contact with their marijuana dealer. Lesgalising it would break that link and actually reduce the level of drug addicts overall.  Furthermore you could tax it and put the money into more police to clamp down on hard drugs, which would be a good thing.  ah I see. So we take away the right of someone to do with their own body what they want to, unless they pay the government more money? Sound a little too much like bribery to you too?  And how would clamping down on hard drugs be a good thing? How about we concentrate on the real crimes in our society, and let people kill themselves/ruin their lives if they want to. Why should I be spending tax dollars (ok, well hypothetically, pretend I pay taxes) to force someone else to not hurt themselves? Sound a little counter-productive? And then we complain about a defecit? (Obviously that's not the main culprit of spending, but you get the point).
ah I see. So we take away the right of someone to do with their own body what they want to, unless they pay the government more money? Sound a little too much like bribery to you too?  And how would clamping down on hard drugs be a good thing? How about we concentrate on the real crimes in our society, and let people kill themselves/ruin their lives if they want to. Why should I be spending tax dollars (ok, well hypothetically, pretend I pay taxes) to force someone else to not hurt themselves? Sound a little counter-productive? And then we complain about a defecit? (Obviously that's not the main culprit of spending, but you get the point). I believe that the taxation being spoken of here is simply for the people who would buy and partake of marijuana. By legalizing marijuana, our tax dollars used to prosecute and jail marijuana offenders could be put to better use. I think that is the point everyone is getting at. Marijuana is a soft drug, in my opinion less harmful to our bodies and society as a whole than alcohol. Users of marijuana are not people that typically make life difficult for others. Crackheads, heroin addicts, alcoholics, meth users, coke heads etc... generally are the people causing the biggest problems, and often people who commit many of the real crimes in our society. We could refocus our efforts at these people, and leave the harmless pot smokers alone.   I for one would pay a little extra in the way of sales taxes to buy marijuana legally rather than buy it on the street illegally.
What I was saying was, there are a lot of people who oppose legalization for other than moral reasons.  Agreed, but morality is a tangible public force easily manipulated by political interests.
What I was saying was, there are a lot of people who oppose legalization for other than moral reasons. Reasons such as what?
Reasons such as what? Why would drug dealers want it legalized?
Why would drug dealers want it legalized?As well, why would lawyers and officers of the court want it legalized? The drug system is a money machine not only for the bad guys but for the "good" guys too. Marijuana will likely NEVER be legalized simply because of the economic impact on the legal system....just as the Fair Tax will never happen because accountants and lawyers would have to find other teats to suck on.
As well, why would lawyers and officers of the court want it legalized? The drug system is a money machine not only for the bad guys but for the "good" guys too. Marijuana will likely NEVER be legalized simply because of the economic impact on the legal system....just as the Fair Tax will never happen because accountants and lawyers would have to find other teats to suck on.  Lawyers don't much care as possession busts for user amounts are now citations in most states with a shred of common sense, like a traffic ticket. Quantity, dealer and wholesale amounts, have gained the same level of distribution sophistication as alcohol did during that prohibition. With the exception of federal publicity busts, virtually anyone who wants pot can buy it from a very well-oiled and condoned system.   LE is a different story. A large portion of their war on drugs federal funding is still tied to marijuana while meth creates their real problems, crimes against property and people. As usual, the feds are a day late and dollar short.   As to the legalization of marijuana, I think its taxation potential will eventually override the morality and ignorance aspects. Most groups advocating legalization of pot have stayed with the civil liberty side of the argument. At the right time, as our economy continues its downward spiral, somebody will put numbers forth that look good to desperate politicians. With 34% of all Americans over the age of 12 and under 50 having tried marijuana, it's only a matter of time until common sense overcomes knee-jerk emotion and dogma.
Why would drug dealers want it legalized? As far as I can guess they wouldn't. Legalization would mean government control and sale, and a significant decrease in street sales of marijuana. After all, why buy it illegally and risk the penalty when you can get it legally? I can see no benefit of legalization for drug dealers.
Should marijuana be legalized?  No  Should marijuana be decriminalized?  Yes  I have had bouts of marijuana usage ranging from once every few months to daily. In the last few years I have all but stopped buying it for myself but will still gladly leech off of a circulating bowl. Any semi-intelligent person, who has used a fair amount of both marijuana and alcohol can attest that alcohol is indeed much more harmful (especially acute short term effects); this has already been debated thoroughly, so I won't touch it.  First off I will say that it really doesn't bother me much that marijuana is illegal. It has an apparant legality to it that is enough for me; with the exception of waving an ounce around on a busy public street, it feels pretty legal. Essentially, marijuana is legal to smoke in private. Certain privacy laws almost guarentee this aspect.  Decriminalization: Its simple.. we are wasting billions upon billions of dollars in jail fees and enforcement for something we cannot stop. DARE is a joke and may even entice more usage. I'm too lazy to put some links to the piles of proof out there, but if somebody questions it I might have to.   A system that disses a harsher punishment to a drug dealer than a rapist or murderer clearly has its priorities crooked.  Legalization: Simple Economics. If weed, a weed, were legal... it would be essentally free. I think that making it more precious than gold per pound really hampers rampant usage.. especially to the people who are most adversely effected (teens with already low drives).
double post
Legalization: Simple Economics. If weed, a weed, were legal... it would be essentally free. I think that making it more precious than gold per pound really hampers rampant usage.. especially to the people who are most adversely effected (teens with already low drives).  So regulate and tax it so it costs $50 a dime bag. Then the price stays up, and the government gets the money instead of drug dealers.   People would be more likely to grow it though.
So regulate and tax it so it costs $50 a dime bag. Then the price stays up, and the government gets the money instead of drug dealers.   People would be more likely to grow it though.  Not that many people are inclined to be personal growers. When BATF and Ag get through with it, anyone will be able to sell it with a tax stamp. Big, powerful government agencies. Without the stamp, governments get real serious about tax sources. Like cigarettes and alcohol, an underground market will exist with legal pot.
So regulate and tax it so it costs $50 a dime bag. Then the price stays up, and the government gets the money instead of drug dealers.   People would be more likely to grow it though. That's rediculous. People would simply continue to get it on the street, and the dealers would thrive instead of withering. The idea would be to make it competitive with the prices currently found on the street, then the motivation to buy it from a government sanctioned agency would be to avoid criminal penalty by buying it legally. At $50 a dime bag (usually about a gram), you are talking of a price about $1500 per ounce. I don't know anyone in their right mind that would pay that much when you can currently find an ounce for $150-$300 depending on quality.
That's rediculous. People would simply continue to get it on the street, and the dealers would thrive instead of withering. The idea would be to make it competitive with the prices currently found on the street, then the motivation to buy it from a government sanctioned agency would be to avoid criminal penalty by buying it legally. At $50 a dime bag (usually about a gram), you are talking of a price about $1500 per ounce. I don't know anyone in their right mind that would pay that much when you can currently find an ounce for $150-$300 depending on quality.  Your prices are correct and I still say most people would not be growers for even personal consumption. Who gets to legally grow it for commercial sale will be the real question. At $300/oz, that makes the average primo plant's buds worth a minimum of around $5k. It could get real cheap with legal competition.
Your prices are correct and I still say most people would not be growers for even personal consumption. Who gets to legally grow it for commercial sale will be the real question. At $300/oz, that makes the average primo plant's buds worth a minimum of around $5k. It could get real cheap with legal competition. Dutch prices or thereabouts would be my guess.emoticon_xgood
If it were legalized it could be taxed, it would go out of the hands of drug dealers and in to the hands of business where it could be controlled by the government, related law enforcement costs would disappear, related crime would disappear and I could get a job!  I can't see how we can afford not to legalese it.
I can't see how we can afford not to legalese(sic) it.Mostly because the US government cannot afford do do anything that would upset the conservative right at the moment...
Mostly because the US government cannot afford do do anything that would upset the conservative right at the moment...  Oh.  In light of that I retract my previous statement.
If it were legalized it could be taxed, it would go out of the hands of drug dealers and in to the hands of business where it could be controlled by the government, related law enforcement costs would disappear, related crime would disappear and I could get a job!  I can't see how we can afford not to legalese it.  Hum, tax revenues would be tremendous.
Replacing marijuana prohibition with a system of taxation and regulation similar to that used for alcoholic beverages would produce combined savings and tax revenues of between $10 billion and $14 billion per year.  Replacing marijuana prohibition with a system of legal regulation would save approximately $7.7 billion in government expenditures on prohibition enforcement-$2.4 billion at the federal level and $5.3 billion at the state and local levels.  Revenue from taxation of marijuana sales would range from $2.4 billion per year if marijuana were taxed like ordinary consumer goods to $6.2 billion if it were taxed like alcohol or tobacco.  http://www.taxfoundation.org/blog/show/530.html
It does raise your heart rate, but it also enhances the effects of other drugs taken and alcohol, so its not a good thing to be going around smoking up just to get sober quicker based on what you stated.   But lets still not forget the common sense aspect... When you smoke up its possible to have hallucinations, drowsiness, paranoia, anxiety, and pointless laughing. How does that at all sound safe while driving?    WHAT??? hallucinations??? are u serious?....you dont have hallucinations by smoking weed:xbanghead
America is based on an individual's freedom and right to choose. Our government should protect our rights, not dictate our behavior. Nowhere in the Constitution does it say the government has control over what goes into a person's body. Marijuana use should be an individual's freedom, not a government controlled issue. Here are some facts about weed that you probably didnt know:   1.Cannabis and hemp are the same. "Marijuana" was the Mexican name given to cannabis. 2.Cannabis was first cultivated in China around 4000B.C. 3.The original drafts of the Declaration of Independence were written on hemp paper. 4.One acre of hemp will produce as much paper as four acres of trees. 5.Hemp is a source of fiber for cloth and cordage for rope. The hemp fiber is located inside the long stem of the plant. 6.George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew hemp. Washington, our first president, declared,"Make the most of the hemp seed. Sow it everywhere." 7.Hemp seed is natures perfect food. The oil from hemp seeds has the highest percentage of essential fatty acids and the lowest percentage of saturated fats. 8.Sterilized hemp seeds are often sold as bird food. 9.Rolling papers, like Bambu, are made from hemp paper. 10.In 1937, the Marijuana Tax Stamp Act prohibited the use, sale, and cultivation of hemp/marijuana in the United States. 11.Five years later, during World War II, the U.S. Department of Agriculture released the film,"Hemp for Victory," which encouraged American farmers to grow hemp for the war effort. 12.Hemp is cultivated all over the world. Today, China, Korea,Italy, Hungary, Russia and France are amoung the countries that grow hemp for fiber, paper and other products. 13.Cannabis is classified as a schedule 1 drug by the Food and Drug Administration. Designated as a narcotic, it cannot be prescribed to patients. 14.In 1988, the DEA's own administrative law judge concluded that "marijuana is one of the safest, therapeutically active substances known to man". 15.Cannabis can be used as a medicine to treat nausea, pain and muscle spasms. It alleviates symptoms of glaucoma, multiple sclerosis, AIDS, migraines and other debilitating aliments. 16.Thirty-five states have passed legislation permitting medical use of marijuana. 17.Twelve Americans receive prescribed marijuana from the U.S. government. 18.More than 400,000 Americans are arrested each year on marijuana charges. 19.More than 400,000 Americans die from diseases related to cigarette smoking each year. More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana.
Mostly because the US government cannot afford do do anything that would upset the conservative right at the moment...  I have always been puzzled why the conservative right should be opposed to drug legalisation. Are these not the same people who clamour for smaller government, deregulation, the rights of the individual over those of the state?
I have always been puzzled why the conservative right should be opposed to drug legalisation. Are these not the same people who clamour for smaller government, deregulation, the rights of the individual over those of the state?  US decriminalization of drug usage has always been a political hot button used by both sides of the political spectrum, both saying no. Due to the volume of US voters claiming to be morally motivated by Christian dogma, no sane politician would favor decriminalization when it (drug usage) is considered a moral sin by that voting block.   The current definition of conservative right has been filled with, by definition, fascists who favor all forms of government contrary to traditional conservative values. Add current US administration governing methodology of fear to evangelical moral interpretations and the result is government by punishment, not resolution of social problems. So the US regresses in dealing with social problems as incarceration increases at record rates. A contemporary sociological Dark Ages by any standard.
Legalizing or even decriminalizing drugs do nothing but increase crime...  I'd love to see the reasoning behind that.
... and we favour tradition family values.  How are those values threatened by legalising cannabis? The proposal is to make smoking the stuff legal, not compulsory. You and your family can continue to hold whatever values you wish; as can the family down the street happily rolling their joints. Why should you have control over what they do behind their own closed doors?
Ya, but we also tend not to like Crime, and we favour tradition family values. Legalizing or even decriminalizing drugs do nothing but increase crime, and break down good moral values.  Give me one reliable source that states anything even close to that. Do you have any reasoning whatsoever? I believe alcohol does more to your body than marijuana. So why are you for keeping marijuana illegal?
Prohibition worked?? First I've heard of it. Most people who want cannabis legalised want the same laws to apply to it as alcohol and/or tobacco, mostly alcohol though. I don't see a massive black market in illegally produced alcohol and fags. Illegally imported versions of legal products, ie ones that haven't had the duty paid, but that's rarely a source of major organised crime, and certainly not the violent crime associated with illegal drugs.
Organized crime flourished during prohibition. Where do you get your history lessons, Evan? Legalize cannabis and the profit dwindles. No windfall, no organized crime.
Prohibition worked?? First I've heard of it. [snip]...It worked for the rum-running Kennedy clan...made Papa RICH!!!  Legalizing and taxing the sale of marijuana should not prevent people from growing their own for their own personal consumption. After all, it's not illegal to brew your own beer or make your own whiskey. It's just illegal to sell it.  Most smokers would not go to the effort of growing quality pot. They would purchase it from licenced dealers who paid the taxes to the government for selling it.  However, this (legalization) will NEVER happen because law enforcement and the lawyers make too much money off of it and they won't have it any other way.
HAHAHA im sorry, i take full blame for this confussion.... very time i put Prohibition in my last post i forgot to put "a end to" along with it. Im sorry for that and i fixed the post so it makes more sense now lol. emoticon_xgood  Wouldn't small scale growing operations accomplish the same thing then?
No, because like cigarettes marijuana would be taxed like crazy and regulated. The black market would still be able to compete with these government taxes and regulation by creating a better product at a cheaper price. Sort of like the cheap black market tobacco so widely available? Or that pervasive moonshine market we have today?  What about legal growing for personal comsumption?
There is not benefit to Marijuana for society, and it will only cause problems, so why allow it into society on a legitimat bases. What is the societal benefit of alcohol or tobacco?
This difference there is that by the time the government started regulating and taxing those substances there was already a legitimit market and no black market, therefore the black market never had a chance to thrieve.    That makes no sense.  There was a legitimate market for cocaine and opiates before government regulation.   Conversely, there was no black market for alcohol prior to Prohibition, but one arose when alcohol was made illegal and it disappeared when Prohibition disappeared.   It takes no time at all for a black market to arise; all you need is a demand for a product and laws against that product.
That makes no sense.  There was a legitimate market for cocaine and opiates before government regulation.   Conversely, there was no black market for alcohol prior to Prohibition, but one arose when alcohol was made illegal and it disappeared when Prohibition disappeared.   It takes no time at all for a black market to arise; all you need is a demand for a product and laws against that product.  Nothing in the US other than terrorism has ever expanded domestic and international LE faster than moral legislation with serious political value in carrying out the wishes of a manipulated public that votes on representation.   IMO Alcohol prohibition caused far less social structure damage than the potential of crystal meth. As US concentration of resources is currently on foreign policy, this illegal commodity will find negligible funding resistance to continued expansion of the already booming federal prison industry.
Alright I see i've been getting some questions about how would the legalization of Marijuana creat more of a crime problem.  You see the legalization of the drug would not go the same way as the end of prohibition did. We live in a very different world. The first thing that the government would do after legalizing it would be tax it and regulate it. Which i have heard no objection to from people on this forum.   I object to taxing and regulating it. 1 objection. The government has no business telling us what we can eat/smoke/put in our body. They can tax it just like any other food or other product.   You see the only reason why the end of Prohibtion worked is because the responciblity was given to small businesses, and therefore organized crime was unable to compete.   If it isn't a crime to grow/sell marijuana, how would it be organized crime competing?   Also the demand for this product would boom, because people would have easier access to it  Wait, demand would increase because of it being more accessible? Demand would go down. Most rare things have a higher demand.   and wouldn't fear any consiquences for possession of it. With this boom in demand will come a need to increase supply and market. Bringing more organized crime into our neighbourhoods.  and how is it that you keep referring to marijuana salesmen (I guess that's what you'd call them) as organized crime?   This is exactly what the police protest, and why they fear and consideration in government decriminalizing or legalizing the drug.  Prove it. My friend's dad is a police officer, and he is of the opinion that they should be focusing more on other criminals, not the ones trying to harm themselves. I understand not everyone thinks like that, but the police in general do not protest it.   I, like many others, want to go back to traditional family values. That means, encouraging the standard nuclear family, stop the unlimited access of pronographic matterial to children, honouring the defintion of marriage, and stop the flow of drugs from invading our neighbourhoods, and homes.  AKA my way is the only way and if I have to use the government to force it down everyone else's throat so be it.  If you want to have traditional family values, go ahead. No one's stopping you. If you don't want to view porn, don't. If you want to honor marriage, do and don't get divorced, and if you don't like drugs, DON'T DO THEM. Drugs only affect the person taking them. Drugs "pouring" into neighborhoods isn't hurting you one bit unless a high person comes and tries to do something to you, in which case you call the police because they are actually committing a crime now as opposed to before when they were only affecting their own body.
Thats fine, but thats not how its will go down. you know and i know the government will tax and regulate it.   Actually you and I know that it will never be legalized/decriminalized anytime soon, you just said so far no one had objected to it, well I object to it.   The people who are involved in organized crime, who sell the drug now will be the same people selling it then. They will still be involved in other acts of organized crime including violence.  And without being able to sell the drug these people involved in organized crime won't do anything else, but once they have the drug to sell, they will also be involved in organized crime including violence? Where's the correlation? Why aren't they committing the violence now?   The people who want to do it, and those that already do it will do it more, causing a greater demand and force either government or more likely the organized crime sellers to create more supply.  Wrong. People who already do it will not do it more. Prove it. Also the people who really want to do it will have already done it. It's still a drug, it can still harm you, but so can alcohol. And learn economics, more demand equals a higher price, not more supply. Although your premise that there will be an increase in demand is still flawed.    Good for him, i have a diploma in Police Foundations. In that course every single one of my teachers was a retired police officer, all of who argee with my statments. Also in Canada when the Ontario government tried to decriminalize the drug there was spoken protest from police officers and police chiefs all over the province.  OK, just wanted to let you know that all police officers aren't robots and follow 100% what other people tell them to do. Not all police officers are against legalizing marijuana.   Thats not true, like with alcohol, people will get behind the wheel of a car and end up killing themselfs or another. And that's the crime. Same with alcohol, drunk driving's the crime, NOT drinking. People are able to do marijuana and not drive, just as it's possible to drink and not drive. If they are driving under the influence of marijuana, it's still illegal. We just actually punish something that may harm other people rather than only harm themselves as you people for so-called "family values" seem to enjoy forcing your values on other people.
Thats fine, but thats not how its will go down. you know and i know the government will tax and regulate it.  And so they should.  Tax it, partly for consistency (there's huge tax on alcohol and tobacco, and it would be anomalous to omit MJ); partly to fund medical care of anyone harmed by it (which currently has to be funded from other taxation); and partly to price it beyond the reach of minors.  Regulate it? Of course. Again, to restrict who can sell it and to whom (just like we do with alcohol and tobacco - protection of minors again); and to restrict the circumstances under which you're entitled to take it or be under its influence (not, for example, if you're an airline pilot with a flight departing in two hours, or if you're going to drive a car: we take this for granted with alcohol).  Alert readers will note that I referred above to possible harm caused by taking MJ, which might seem an unusual admission from someone advocating its legalisation. Yes, it can be harmful: it's futile to deny that. So, I would argue, can playing body-contact sports.  A general principle arises here, which I have not often seen debated: to what extent does a government have a right or a duty to prohibit its adult citizens from voluntarily participating in activities that may cause them harm?  I don't have figures to back this up, but it's my guess that injuries sustained playing rugby cost the Health Service far more money, and lead to more person-days off work, than harm caused by MJ. Shouldn't the government, logically, ban rugby? And rock climbing? And any activity that may result in harm to the participant and subsequent cost to the economy?  Well of course not: the cost to individual freedom would be huge; we would have the Nanny State, so derided by conservatives. When it comes to chemical recreation, though, conservatives seem to want Nanny to be as big and muscular as possible.
And so they should.  Tax it, partly for consistency (there's huge tax on alcohol and tobacco, and it would be anomalous to omit MJ); partly to fund medical care of anyone harmed by it (which currently has to be funded from other taxation); and partly to price it beyond the reach of minors.  I do believe it should be illegal for minors, but isn't it them (and their insurance) paying for their own medical care? Please explain why we need higher tax just to cover their medical cost.   Regulate it? Of course. Again, to restrict who can sell it and to whom (just like we do with alcohol and tobacco - protection of minors again); and to restrict the circumstances under which you're entitled to take it or be under its influence (not, for example, if you're an airline pilot with a flight departing in two hours, or if you're going to drive a car: we take this for granted with alcohol).  We don't do this with alcohol and it seems to work fine (yes we have the occaisional drunk driving accident, but we don't regulate alcohol at all (besides making sure they are over 21).   Alert readers will note that I referred above to possible harm caused by taking MJ, which might seem an unusual admission from someone advocating its legalisation. Yes, it can be harmful: it's futile to deny that. So, I would argue, can playing body-contact sports.  Not an unusual admission at all, I mean it is the truth. I would never do it if it were legalized (unless I needed to for medicinal purposes) but others who want to should have the right to.   A general principle arises here, which I have not often seen debated: to what extent does a government have a right or a duty to prohibit its adult citizens from voluntarily participating in activities that may cause them harm?  and my answer is NONE. The government is to protect us from other people, not ourselves.   I don't have figures to back this up, but it's my guess that injuries sustained playing rugby cost the Health Service far more money, and lead to more person-days off work, than harm caused by MJ. Shouldn't the government, logically, ban rugby? And rock climbing? And any activity that may result in harm to the participant and subsequent cost to the economy?  I'm confused here, aren't days off work the employer and employees problem, not the global economy? We don't prevent bosses giving out unlimited sick days (which could be taken advantage of, they could go out of business, and as a result the economy would be hurt). We have something called the free market, we don't have the government artificially control the economy (at least we shouldn't in my opinion).   Well of course not: the cost to individual freedom would be huge; we would have the Nanny State, so derided by conservatives. When it comes to chemical recreation, though, conservatives seem to want Nanny to be as big and muscular as possible. Yep, mostly they will say they are for small government, but big government is justified when they need it. This includes most things called "family values" (basically they want to go back to where everyone was religious, there were no divorces, kids always obeyed their parents, no one had sex until marriage, etc. maybe they saw that place in a dream, because I don't think Earth was ever like that. People fight, kids are programmed to be rebellious, and people are hardwired to enjoy sex. I've also had a hard time figuring out how MY family values in any way affect someone else.
I do believe it should be illegal for minors, but isn't it them (and their insurance) paying for their own medical care? Please explain why we need higher tax just to cover their medical cost.  In some countries there's a National Health Service paid for out of general taxation.  We don't do this [regulation] with alcohol and it seems to work fine (yes we have the occaisional drunk driving accident, but we don't regulate alcohol at all (besides making sure they are over 21).  How is that not regulating it? Last time I was in the States my (grown-up) kids had regularly to show ID to get a drink. That's regulation. And are you telling me it's legal for a US airline pilot to drink before he/she boards a flight?  I'm confused here, aren't days off work the employer and employees problem, not the global economy? We don't prevent bosses giving out unlimited sick days (which could be taken advantage of, they could go out of business, and as a result the economy would be hurt). We have something called the free market, we don't have the government artificially control the economy (at least we shouldn't in my opinion).  Free market or not, working days lost on a large enough scale amount to lost national productivity and reduced GDP. UK licensing laws were originally introduced because the government panicked about working days lost through drunkenness.  I've also had a hard time figuring out how MY family values in any way affect someone else.  Or why, conversely, someone else's family values should be imposed on you. I'm still waiting for Evan or another conservative to explain this one.
 How is that not regulating it? Last time I was in the States my (grown-up) kids had regularly to show ID to get a drink. That's regulation. And are you telling me it's legal for a US airline pilot to drink before he/she boards a flight?  I thought regulating it would be for example having to prove you're not about to fly a plane to buy it. I agree though with preventing minors (under 18) from purchasing it though.   Free market or not, working days lost on a large enough scale amount to lost national productivity and reduced GDP. UK licensing laws were originally introduced because the government panicked about working days lost through drunkenness.  and it is the government's job to solve this? What if people just start quitting their jobs? Are we going to force people to have jobs now? If they don't it might hurt the economy (which I may add is very vague)   Or why, conversely, someone else's family values should be imposed on you. I'm still waiting for Evan or another conservative to explain this one. Yep, but I'm not holding my breath.
I'm a little confused with your first sentence, but I'll do my best to clear that up. The people in organized crime will sell the drug whither its illegal or legal. And you don't see the correlation between violence and organized crime... your not serious right? People involved in gangs commit many different crimes, from drug selling to murder. And no, its not different people, and you don't have one gang that just sells drugs, and then one gang that just commits violence. One gang will do both. So by making it easier for them to do one will only allow them to grow and more gangs will be introduced into the communities.   I said I didn't see the difference in the violence that organize crime would commit whether or not they sold marijuana. Basically wouldn't they commit the same amount of violence with or without a marijuana ban?   Wrong. Are you telling me that people who do it won't do it more, regardless if it becomes more easily accessible?  Yes, marijuana is extremely easy to get now. There was an article in our high school newspaper about it and I know people who've done it (obviously no hard proof, but you know what I'm talking about). Why would they do it more if it were legal? They can already do it as much as they want now, unless they care about the laws, in which case some people are dying as a result of the law.    I don't think so. And there will be those who are unwilling to try it because of the legal consequences that will end up doing it. And saying it still can harm you only make me ask; why then? Yes alcohol can harm you to, but that's not reason to start introducing other harmful substances. Hey, heroin can harm you and its addicting, but hey its the same with cigarettes. Also, there will be more demand because it will be more readily accessible, plus yes prices will rise, i never said they wouldn't. As you said that's basic economics. And then demand will go down due to those higher prices. However the sellers will increase their supply, in order to avoid having to raise those prices and lose demand because the higher revenue benefit.   Do you understand economics at all? There is a balance. These don't happen in steps. The price and demand changes gradually. Prices will rise, people won't want it as much, and there will reach a balance where enough people will buy and the companies can maximize profits. BTW, still waiting for proof that demand would go up if it were legal.   I'm not forcing my values on anyone, I'm merely encouraging them. And before you go nuts say "yes you yes you, your forcing me not to get high".. Well unless you advocate the legalization of cocaine then your doing the same thing.  Again another wrong assumption. I am for legalizing anything that only harms the user, which includes pretty much all drugs.   Also, marijuana acts as a gateway drug. Now, now, I know how much you hippies hate that point "no its not no its not", I've heard it before... although 10mins later the guy starts telling me about how he did meth and coke..... Obviously not everyone goes beyond marijuana, there's always the exception, but a lot of people do. They have the high from marijuana and they want something stronger so they move on to a stronger substance. According to Dr.Margolis, Marijuana releases dopamine in the brain, much like cocaine and heroin. Not to mention that marijuana is addictive mentally. You crave it and that forces you to do it more and more. And I've this before to "ya but so it chocolate", ya well chocolate doesn't increase the chance of lung cancer or make you a XXXXX. That's another thing; it rocks your short term memory, and de-motivates you. And I've seen it, people get "perma-fried", and it's pretty sad.  And that's the government's problem why? It's only a gateway drug because it's easy to get and illegal. Being alive is also a gateway drug to marijuana. Everyone who's done marijuana is alive, so why don't we kill them, then they won't do drugs? Unless there is a hard correlation (90% or more I'm thinking) between something (marijuana and harm to other people, marijuana and another drug that causes harm to other people, etc.) then you are punishing some people for the fact that other people can't control their urge for drugs. I would bet cigarettes are also a gateway to many drugs. But the tobacco companies have money, and politicians don't want to stop taking their money. Smoking and alcohol are both worse than marijuana. Why do we ban marijuana but not alcohol or tobacco?
Also, marijuana acts as a gateway drug.  If this is true (and it is by no means self-evident), then part of the reason is its illegal status. At present, if you want to smoke marijuana and don't grow your own, the person you buy it from is by definition a criminal. That being the case, this person may well be happy to offer you other illegal drugs as well.  If, on the other hand, you could buy your marijuana from your local licensed store, no promotion of other drugs (apart from alcohol and tobacco) would be encountered.
I'm not forcing my values on anyone, I'm merely encouraging them.  This is disingenuous. When you cite your family values as a reason for maintaining the illegality of marijuana (as in post 93), you are seeking to force those values on others.
No they would want to try other drugs because they would want to incounter a greater high... after all isn't that the reason for doing the drug?  By this logic, tobacco and alcohol ought also to act as gateway drugs.
Argue for legalization if you like, but don't say thins, because this is simply not true.  Can you explain how other drugs affect people other than the user? I'm no drug expert but most drugs you take yourself have an effect on you, the person taking it.
No because there would be a rise in organized crime establishments, therefore increasing the proabably gang related violence.   At least you're making some sense now, but I still don't believe that legal marijuana would cause organized crime establishments to sell the drug.    Im sure there are those that care about the laws and don't want criminal records... after all, isn't that why people are suggesting the decriminalization of the drug in Canada?  But I said the people that HAVE done it wouldn't do more just because it's legal.   I don't even know what to say to that... These products destroy peoples life's, and hurt families as well. They bring organized crime, which also cause the deaths of innocent people, and none innocent people... people none the less.  I still don't agree with your organized crime statement, but so does smoking in most cases. Some people spend all their money (and their family's money) on cigarettes. Why are they legal? Oh yeah, I forgot about the tobacco companies.    Because they're already in the system of society. It would be impossible to do ban those substances because they're already an commodity the people freely use and the people won't give them up. But saying that marijuana is no worse is no argument. Why introduce another harmful product into society? So would you be for a law saying that anyone currently under 18 can never smoke or drink, because they haven't been introduced to it yet? Then when today's adults are dead, we completely illegalize cigarettes and alcohol. Sound good to you? No, because a person's freedom comes before the government telling them not to harm themselves.
Can you explain how other drugs affect people other than the user? I'm no drug expert but most drugs you take yourself have an effect on you, the person taking it.People get on drugs then beat their spouces. People need more drugs then steal things to sell (at a fraction of their true worth) to buy more drugs. People get on drugs then have wrecks.  There are countless ways that users affect non-users.
People get on drugs then beat their spouces. People need more drugs then steal things to sell (at a fraction of their true worth) to buy more drugs. People get on drugs then have wrecks.  There are countless ways that users affect non-users.  I'd be real curious to see how many cases of spousal abuse occur from pot smokers as versus alcohol users. I've never heard of a pot smoker stealing to buy pot.
I hope you guys legalise soon, because it gets mighty annoying to have stoned American (and British) fratboys littering the streets of Amsterdam every summer vacation
I'd be real curious to see how many cases of spousal abuse occur from pot smokers as versus alcohol users. I've never heard of a pot smoker stealing to buy pot. Neither have I. The question was about other drugs.  In case you haven't noticed, I've already stated I'm in favor of legalizing pot. I smoke.  It's the crackheads, heroine addicts and speed freaks who just can't seem to make enough money legally to buy their comfort...so they steal. It's cokeheads who get belligerent and let their personality conflicts lead them into confrontations.
I hope you guys legalise soon, because it gets mighty annoying to have stoned American (and British) fratboys littering the streets of Amsterdam every summer vacationDon't you appreciate the income from tourism?  I do plan to visit Amsterdam soon.
Neither have I. The question was about other drugs.  In case you haven't noticed, I've already stated I'm in favor of legalizing pot. I smoke.  It's the crackheads, heroine addicts and speed freaks who just can't seem to make enough money legally to buy their comfort...so they steal. It's cokeheads who get belligerent and let their personality conflicts lead them into confrontations.  Sorry, I thought the topic was marijuana legalization.
Sorry, I thought the topic was marijuana legalization.It is. Just like the thread on Israel's right to defend itself turned into a tenacious digression into costs, this one (although understandably so) includes discussion of other drugs.
Don't you appreciate the income from tourism?  I do plan to visit Amsterdam soon.  We do enjoy income from tourism, but since Amsterdam is a historically very significant site (most of the 16th century city centre is still intact), the tourists will come either way. The municipal authorities are less to speak about the increased workload for the police because people don't do proper research, Dutch pot is quite a bit more potent than American pot, but the drug tourists (as we call them) don't always consider this, the result is the equivalent of a guy that's used to drinking 3 beers a night deciding to down a bottle of Rum in a foreign country, you can imagine a lot of eyerolling occurs in the Amsterdam uniformed police :p.
We do enjoy income from tourism, but since Amsterdam is a historically very significant site (most of the 16th century city centre is still intact), the tourists will come either way. The municipal authorities are less to speak about the increased workload for the police because people don't do proper research, Dutch pot is quite a bit more potent than American pot, but the drug tourists (as we call them) don't always consider this, the result is the equivalent of a guy that's used to drinking 3 beers a night deciding to down a bottle of Rum in a foreign country, you can imagine a lot of eyerolling occurs in the Amsterdam uniformed police :p. Would you care to be my guide when I visit?  I do enjoy entering old structures. I think the oldest church I've been in was in Poland...the church where the first King of Poland was crowned somewhere around 1020.
I really mean no offence, but I maintain a blanket-"no 1-on-1 meetings of people I only know from the internet"-policy.  Even if I didn't maintain that, I'm not the right person to give tours through the city. I've been there plenty, but didn't actually grew up in the city, so while I can point to major attractions, I can't direct people to the little jewels that make a place really worth visiting.  I'm a history student too, so I ramble about uninteresting trivia of non-related subjects ;)
I hope you guys legalise soon, because it gets mighty annoying to have stoned American (and British) fratboys littering the streets of Amsterdam every summer vacation I personally hope you clean up the Eurotrash and sleazy West Indians littering Amsterdam all year. Love that town.
At least you're making some sense now, but I still don't believe that legal marijuana would cause organized crime establishments to sell the drug.  All experience suggests just the opposite. As someone else has pointed out, there is no current mafia outlet for tobacco and alcohol. When there is a public demand for something illegal, as was the case for alcohol in the twenties and is the case for MJ now, of course organized crime will meet that demand. When the demand can be met through your local corner shop, there's no incentive for the mob to get involved in the commodity.  Prohibition of alcohol made organised crime. Prohibition of other drugs keeps it in business.
Prohibition of alcohol made organised crime. I thought everyone knew this.
I really mean no offence, but I maintain a blanket-"no 1-on-1 meetings of people I only know from the internet"-policy.  Even if I didn't maintain that, I'm not the right person to give tours through the city. I've been there plenty, but didn't actually grew up in the city, so while I can point to major attractions, I can't direct people to the little jewels that make a place really worth visiting.  I'm a history student too, so I ramble about uninteresting trivia of non-related subjects ;)I can understand and appreciate your "no meeting" rule. I'm not quite that dangerous and don't assume that all others are either, so I do share mailing addresses now and then...contingient upon their being ziplocked. I was able to send sinjin some awesome tamales a year or so ago.  Perhaps you'd consent to posting or PMing a list of lesser known historical sites in Holland. History is a worthy study for anyone.  I'm relatively sure I'll be able to sniff my way to the hemp district...if required.
I thought everyone knew this.  So they may. It's the proposal after it that mattered to the argument.
Should marijuana be legalized?  Whats stopping the legalization of it?  It's a cash cow for big government and local law enforcement.
I can understand and appreciate your "no meeting" rule. I'm not quite that dangerous and don't assume that all others are either, so I do share mailing addresses now and then...contingient upon their being ziplocked. I was able to send sinjin some awesome tamales a year or so ago.  In other circumstances I am not, but the internet allows people to do things in relative anonymity, which means that odds that someone is trying to arrange a meeting with ulterlior motives increases to a level that I put my guard up. The burden of freedom is vigilance and all that.  Perhaps you'd consent to posting or PMing a list of lesser known historical sites in Holland. History is a worthy study for anyone.  I'm relatively sure I'll be able to sniff my way to the hemp district...if required.  This is no problem of course, I'll see what I can do, anything for people to see beyond hemp, prostitutes and Rembrandt. ;)  Hemp, btw, is not restricted to a single district the way prostitutes are. Coffeeshops can be found all over town in a similar way bars do (but considerably less than bars, king Beer still rules the working class).
It's a cash cow for big government and local law enforcement.  The biggest for our local LE. Our sheriff says almost all of his federal funding is tied one way or another to marijuana with almost zip for crystal meth, the current problem drug. And every local LE person I know doesn't consider marijuana a dangerous drug.  What's funny is our state government outlawed over-the-counter sale of some of the primary ingredients for cooking crank in an effort to combat it on the cheap. Yep, all those ingredients are now smuggled in, reducing local retail revenue and we've also experienced an increase of cheap Mexican crank on the street.  Interestingly enough, OR is a state that allows personal pot cultivation for medicinal purposes by MD prescription. As those prescription holders are on record, DEA makes regular inspection rounds of their residences to make sure they aren't exceeding the legal limit of six mature and six immature plants. LE tax dollars at work. Everyone wonders how long it will be before the feds attempt invoking the sleazy interstate commerce catch-all to eliminate that states right. Since Ashcroft the Evangelist is no longer driving dark ages federal moral legislation, maybe there's a chance that won't happen.
Why wouldn't they, if the dug becomes more available wouldn't you do it more because you would have greater access to it?   I don't know how shielded you are from general society, but access to marijuana in every US city is virtually unlimited. In larger metropolitan areas defined drug territories have numerous street corners offering a drive-up supermarket selection of drugs including marijuana.   The issue is not increased usage of marijuana by legalizing it, consumption/demand is already in place, but to save enormous law enforcement costs of enforcing antiquated moral legislation and deriving tax revenue from already thriving, currently illegal market supply and distribution. Why are you having problems grasping the reality of creating an illegal market inviting criminal activity by outlawing a substance?
Why wouldn't they, if the dug [sic] becomes more available wouldn't you do it more because you would have greater access to it?  Emphatically not, in this case. Access (supply) is not at present a limiting factor on MJ usage, as georged's post makes clear; this being the case, demand will not increase if supply is made easier. What prohibitionists never seem to take on board is that there is a demand for drugs such as MJ, and that demand consists not of degenerate sub-human junkies but of sane, normal, productive citizens who enjoy the occasional high. If legal sources don't meet that demand, illegal sources will.
 I'm not sure about these either.   Meth and speed are both HIGHLY physically addictive. They were originally developed (and still occasionally used) to treat narcolepsy. Doctors shy away from prescribing these drugs to narcoleptics, unless nothing else has worked, due to the high risk of chemical dependancy involved. emoticon_zzzz
WHAT??? hallucinations??? are u serious?....you dont have hallucinations by smoking weed:xbanghead  You apparently aren't smoking the good stuff then. emoticon_xgood
 Also, marijuana acts as a gateway drug. Now, now, I know how much you hippies hate that point "no its not no its not", I've heard it before... although 10mins later the guy starts telling me about how he did meth and coke.....   Oh I've been waiting for someone to try to use that argument. The reason that marijuana was pegged a "gateway drug" is because most everyone who's tried harder drugs used marijuana first. However most everyone who's tried marijuana has tried alcohol and/or nicotene first. Does that mean alcohol is a gateway drug? Taking it even further, most everyone who has tried alcohol and/or nicotene has tried caffiene first. Does that mean caffiene is a gateway drug?   I've used pot and have had no desire to use any harder drugs. 95% of the people I know who use or have used pot have never taken any harder drugs. Here in Alaska it is legal to grow and posess up to one ounce of marijuana for personal consumption. I promise you that a very large percentage of Alaska residents smoke pot on at least a semi-regular basis, and I promise you that you'd never be able to pick them out of a group. They look, act, and dress like anyone else. They have jobs like anyone else. They have kids. Many are business owners. Yet we don't seem to have the huge social problems with marijuana as you would predict. We haven't had any rash of organized or un-organized crime. We haven't had any increase in motor accidents. There hasn't been any public outcry to re-criminalize it. The involvement of alcohol in crimes still far outweighs the involvement of marijuana in crimes. The only real difference between here and any other state is that no-one has to worry about getting arrested for having a joint in their home.   I quit smoking pot and drinking both completely of my own volition. It had not been having any sort of noticable effect on my health problems but I quit because I didn't even want to take the chance they could, and I didn't want symptoms and medication side-effects that I have been trying to keep track of to be clouded by effects from other substances. All of my doctors were aware of my usage before, and none of them had any reservations about it. I don't crave either one very much, but I miss alcohol more than I miss pot. I have no plans to take up either one again, even if pot were to go fully legal, and the idea doesn't bother me. I'd be pretty upset if I had to give up sugar for health reasons, but pot? Nah. I like it, sure, but I can take it or leave it. I really don't see what the big deal about it is, and I find it pretty telling that no-one else here who's used it before sees the big deal with it either. There's nothing wrong with not wanting to smoke pot, but there's nothing really wrong with wanting to either.
There's nothing wrong with not wanting to smoke pot, but there's nothing really wrong with wanting to either.  Good grief, an outbreak of plain common sense. What is this forum coming to?  Thank you, somnolence, you've pinpointed precisely the difference between the two sides of this debate. One side wants to control the other's behaviour; the other does not.
Personally, if I have to come down on one side or the other I am against legalizing MJ. But honestly, because MJ in moderation, like drinking or smoking in moderation, can be controllable and is only somewhat damaging, I can live with it. I do not smoke because I find it disgusting and if we were meant to breathe fire, I believe we would. I do have a kind of quirky solution to how MJ could be legalized yet still regulated. The government has a large stockpile of illegal drugs through confiscating so much through the years. The govt could set up facilities that allow people to come in and smoke pot all they want for a much lower price than illegal MJ goes for today. This money would go straight to the govt so it is basically a maximum tax. By not privatizing MJ (and God help me this goes against every capitalistic idea I believe in) the government would be making very high profits, regulating the amount of drugs on the streets, and breaking the back of crime, particularly organized crime. Who would want to pay the current street price of MJ when they can go to a govt facility and get it for a fraction of the cost and garaunteed to be safe. The people stay at these facilities until they have sobered up enough to leave. This could be a winning solution and it might even work with harder drugs too. The mafia/druglords/drug rings would lose a huge source of income when they have to compete with the US govt. But this might be just some crazy, no-way-it-could-work idea.  Get high at a government facility? Guaranteed to be safe? Sobered up enough to leave?   You aren't really serious, are you?
Get high at a government facility? Guaranteed to be safe? Sobered up enough to leave?   You aren't really serious, are you?  I think he's been smoking too much MaryJane. :)
The mafia/druglords/drug rings would lose a huge source of income when they have to compete with the [US] govt. But this might be just some crazy, no-way-it-could-work idea. [Parentheses added.] Crazy? No-way-it-could-work? But it's exactly what did work in the US after alcohol prohibition was revoked: the mob's income from illegal booze dropped to zero. The same would happen to its take from narcotics if our respective governments were capable of adopting a grown-up, rational approach to the issue. I don't mean people having to go to some government facility to smoke - that will never work. I mean government-licensed but otherwise independent outlets for the purchase of mind-altering substances which you can take home and enjoy at your leisure; or other outlets licensed for the enjoyment of such substances on the premises. In the UK we have these already wrt alcohol - they're called off-licenses or pubs respectively. I believe you have the equivalent in the form of liquor stores and bars in the USA. Both provide a way for the government to monitor supply and consumption, and to police supply to minors.  Come on, all you conservatives out there - cut the mafia off at its knees. Reject the nanny state and vote for freedom!
 Come on, all you conservatives out there - cut the mafia off at its knees. Reject the nanny state and vote for freedom!  Not after their belief system leadership has been telling them for decades that using marijuana is a deadly sin. Change comes slow or not at all in the world of dogma, especially if saving face is involved.
Not after their belief system leadership has been telling them for decades that using marijuana is a deadly sin. Change comes slow or not at all in the world of dogma, especially if saving face is involved. Saving face is part of it: I'm-more-macho-than-you is another. Vacuous rhetoric about waging a 'war on drugs' is a much more macho posture than reasoned analysis. Guess which sells best with the voters.
I can understand and appreciate your "no meeting" rule. I'm not quite that dangerous and don't assume that all others are either, so I do share mailing addresses now and then...contingient upon their being ziplocked. I was able to send sinjin some awesome tamales a year or so ago.  Perhaps you'd consent to posting or PMing a list of lesser known historical sites in Holland. History is a worthy study for anyone.  I'm relatively sure I'll be able to sniff my way to the hemp district...if required.  Heh, sorry about the late response, I completely forgot about this /blush  For the arts and history-minded individual I'd recommend Amsterdam, Utrecht, the Zaanstreek and Kinderdijk. Drenthe is also nice for it's pre-historic Dolmens (we call them Hunebedden) and there are also a number of Hanseatic towns in the area. Nijmegen is the country's oldest recorded city (2 millenia old this year). Leiden is actually a must-see for American tourists imho, as the Pilgrims fled there before making the trek to the US. If you find yourself in the area, the Bataviawharf might be interesting too, it builds replica's of 16th-17th century sails and is also open for public.  Dolmens: http://home.iae.nl/~jbmeijer/edrenthe.htm Batavia wharf: http://www.bataviawerf.nl/ Tourist service Nijmegen: http://www.vvvnijmegen.nl/ Idem Amsterdam: http://www.vvvamsterdam.com/ Idem Alkmaar: http://www.vvvalkmaar.nl/ Idem Leiden: http://www.hollandrijnland.nl/leiden Idem Kinderdijk: http://www.vvvzhz.nl/v_applic/cityguide_zhz.asp?lang=0&v0=323 Idem Utrecht: http://www.12utrecht.nl/  If engineering and architecture is your cup of tea, then you end up in South Holland and Zeeland really fast, the Delta Works and the fact that Rotterdam is profiling itself as a city of architecture sort of makes that inevitable, Flevoland may be worth it, I never tried it, but the fact that the land is very young (<100 years old) means it's architecture and planning are rather modern.  Delta works information page: http://www.deltawerken.com/ Tourist service Rotterdam: http://www.vvv.rotterdam.nl/ Tourist service Flevoland: http://project.exed.nl/portalflevoland/nl/portal/toerisme_recreatie.php  Finding real nature is difficult, due to high population density and all, still some things may be worthwile, for starters I can shamelessly plug my birthplace Westvoorne's Dune landscape, the Wadden Isles also provide a nice piece of "living on the North Sea"-experience, the Hoge Veluwe are the best-known national park.  Hoge Veluwe: http://www.hogeveluwe.nl/ Biesbosch: http://www.biesbosch.org/ Wadden Isles: http://www.wadden.nl/  For general tourist information: http://www2.holland.com/nl/  Don't take this as THE definitive guild of what to see and do, just places I found worth going to.  One warning: A saying goes that there is no Dutch word for service referring to the bad attitude of storeclerks, this isn't completely correct, but definately deserved. You are no longer in the Anglo-Saxon world when you set foot here, so don't expect us to do everything the way you folks do it back home.
 One warning: A saying goes that there is no Dutch word for service referring to the bad attitude of storeclerks, this isn't completely correct, but definately deserved. You are no longer in the Anglo-Saxon world when you set foot here, so don't expect us to do everything the way you folks do it back home.  A primary reason as to why relatively few Americans travel abroad for leisure purposes and those who have acquired the label 'Ugly Americans'. I think one actually has to experience an American screaming 'why doesn't he/she speak English' in a European or Asian country to appreciate that label.
A primary reason as to why relatively few Americans travel abroad for leisure purposes and those who have acquired the label 'Ugly Americans'. I think one actually has to experience an American screaming 'why doesn't he/she speak English' in a European or Asian country to appreciate that label.  Core of truth in that, but as always, the situation is slightly more complicated. For starters most Dutch natives speak an intelligable level of English and are not shy of switching to it when facing foreign nationals. The old truism that one buys in his own language and sells in the language of the customer is understood.  It's more that we Dutch are generally considered brand-loyal, so once a company or store has built up a customer base, it'll generally be allright (bar scandals, intolerably bad customer care or outrageously high prices), the result is that storeclerks aren't as obsequious as they may be in comparatable sectors in other countries where companies have to fight harder to keep their customers, add in that we already have a reputation of being some of the rudest, most direct people in the Western world and expats and tourists sometimes find the dealing with government and retail the most memorable event in their stay here, and not in a good way.
................  One warning: A saying goes that there is no Dutch word for service referring to the bad attitude of storeclerks, this isn't completely correct, but definately deserved. You are no longer in the Anglo-Saxon world when you set foot here, so don't expect us to do everything the way you folks do it back home.  So true. When I was in Sweden a couple weeks before Christmas, I found it almost impossible to shop. The stores weren't open until ~11AM on SATURDAY, closed at least an hour for lunch and closed for the day by 3:00PM....and they weren't open on Sunday. During the week, they were open from 9 - 5. WTF???:xcensored   The bars were open, though. emoticon_xhoho
A primary reason as to why relatively few Americans travel abroad for leisure purposes and those who have acquired the label 'Ugly Americans'. I think one actually has to experience an American screaming 'why doesn't he/she speak English' in a European or Asian country to appreciate that label.  I NEVER travel abroad for pleasure. To me, foreign travel is a chore and I don't do chores for pleasure. :)   That said, I will try to enjoy a short trip to Germany the best that I can in a couple of weeks. emoticon_xhoho
Should it be legalized? Only if every other country did it   Remember when Mexico almost decriminalized marijuana and small amounts of cocain and heroin? Mr.Bush and his regime put a stop to that at the 11th hour. when you control the pocketbook, you can do whatever you want.
I Don't smoke it, never smoked it, will never smoke it. People who smoke dope are losers.   Meanwhile, I drank a fifth of Tequila last night. Perfectly acceptable. Nothing wrong with it.   I say legalize pot and tax the hell out of it. Why should us alcoholics have to pay all the sin taxes?   I liked the idea of the government pot smoking facility. The best part is that you could have a vending machine that sold oreos for $10.00 and folks would buy. It would be epic.   We live in a country where cigarettes kill hundreds of thousands of people a year and they pull all the spinach out of the stores.
 Don't smoke it, never smoked it, will never smoke it. People who smoke dope are losers.   Meanwhile, I drank a fifth of Tequila last night. Perfectly acceptable. Nothing wrong with it.   Does this seem a little ironic to anyone else? Either becoming intoxicated is acceptable or it isn't, why does the method make one acceptable and practitioners of the other "losers"? For the record I don't drink, smoke or partake of illegal drugs.
That was precisely my point. As a society, we hang labels on marijuana users while advertising intoxicating beverages on TV.
I say legalize pot and tax the hell out of it. Why should us alcoholics have to pay all the sin taxes?   There are biliions of dollars to be made from the taxation of marjuana. Institutions like The DEA and the state and federal prison systems would see fincncial stress relieved from them. Its also a realistic way to increase revenue to lower the deficit  Who's to say what drug is bad for you and what one isn't?
Who's to say what drug is bad for you and what one isn't?Err doctors. However because it's bad for you doesn't mean it should be a criminal offence.
Err doctors. However because it's bad for you doesn't mean it should be a criminal offence.  Can a group of men and women who get special incentives from pharmacudical companies be trusted to give you drugs that help like zoloft? the side effects are worse than the origional disorder. A doctor would tell you Zoloft was fine, for a time.
I Don't smoke it, never smoked it, will never smoke it. People who smoke dope are losers.   Meanwhile, I drank a fifth of Tequila last night. Perfectly acceptable. Nothing wrong with it.   I say legalize pot and tax the hell out of it. Why should us alcoholics have to pay all the sin taxes?   I liked the idea of the government pot smoking facility. The best part is that you could have a vending machine that sold oreos for $10.00 and folks would buy. It would be epic.   We live in a country where cigarettes kill hundreds of thousands of people a year and they pull all the spinach out of the stores.  I like your ironic sense of humor. emoticon_xgood
Should it be legalized? Only if every other country did it Is it harmful? Yes more so then moderate alcohol use and worse then smoking Should it be taxed once legalized? Yes. Should laws still apply to it, such as DUIs and the like? Yes. America isnot supposed to be a copy off of all the other countrys, and it shouldnt. Just because its the popular law that something should or should not be done does not mean that it is the right law. In fact, if you knew anything about your own country, it was made FOR the freedoms which the rest of the world lacked, and slowly those freedoms are being taken away. And as for the harm... More harmful then tobacco? Where did you get this? Give some proof to back yourself up. The fact is, the THC in marijuana reduces the effects of cancer to the point that cancerous sicknesses coming from the marijuana (that means the weed itself- it doesnt include tobacco-caused cancer, etc) to a point that it would take 200 years to die from. Otherwise, it would take about 20,000 pounds of marijuana smoked in fifteen minutes to die from, which is due to the thickness of the smoke, not what the smoke came from.
The fact is, the THC in marijuana reduces the effects of cancer to the point that cancerous sicknesses coming from the marijuana (that means the weed itself- it doesnt include tobacco-caused cancer, etc) to a point that it would take 200 years to die from. Otherwise, it would take about 20,000 pounds of marijuana smoked in fifteen minutes to die from, which is due to the thickness of the smoke, not what the smoke came from.  What? Are you trying to claim that marijuana slows the progress of cancer? Or did you mean that it helps control symptoms related to the treatment of cancer? Just a little difference there. Being that you don't seem to know what you are talking about...I'm going to guess that you intended the former. And since you brought it up...it would take about 1,500lbs consumed in 15 minutes to kill someone, not 20,000lbs.   The estimated lethal human dose (LD50) of intravenous Marinol is 30 mg/kg (2100 mg/70 kg). Using this estimation of lethal dose, the equivalent inhaled THC would represent the smoking of 240 cannabis cigarettes with total systemic absorption of the average 8.8 mg of THC in each cigarette.  In other words, the LD50 would be approximately 2112mg in one sitting. It is generally considered to be physically impossible to consume that much marijuana in 15 minutes or even and hour (believe me...i have tried emoticon_cool ). Therefore, the possibility of an OD on marijuana is nil.   If you are going to try to make an argument, at least make sure your statistics are correct.
Compared to alcohol and tobacco the effects of cannabis are limited, I don't know where you get "excessively harmful" from.
Should it be legalized? Absolutely not.  Is it harmful? Excessively. Should it be taxed once legalized? Heavily; at least five times what the purchase price is. Should laws still aply to it, such as DUIs and the like? Without question.  How is marijuana "excessively harmful"? Please define "excessively". Do you consider marijuana more harmful than alcohol?   And, why would you want it to cost 5X the normal purchase price? Wouldn't that just encourage people to continue to buy it one the street where it would still be readily available and significantly cheaper?   As for the rest of your post...seriously...grow up.
Marijuana prohibition is:  1) A joke, everyone can get it anyway  2) Disgustingly costly - because of how common marijunana is, enormous amounts of police resources are spent trying to police it (unsuccessfully). Jails are full of people whose crime is nothing more than selling or smoking a commonly available weed. Aside from the enormous monetary cost of policing and jailing these people, hard criminals are set free because the prison system does not have the capacity to keep both them and violent criminals inside.  3) Harmful - because it is illegal, no one really knows what is in what they're smoking. Properly farmed, most the bad effects would be gone.
What? Are you trying to claim that marijuana slows the progress of cancer? Or did you mean.  Actually it's funny. Mice deprived of THC (it naturally occurs in the brain) are smarter than regular mice, but die much earlier. Not because of cancer, but of "natural" causes. It wouldn't be hugely surprising if THC supplements made you live longer, albeit at a lower level of intelligence, even if the smoking aspect of taking it had negative effects that counterbalanced that.
The cannabis that is going around today in its bud form is incredibly strong  Just like liquor going around during prohibition was particularly strong, I think I'm seeing a pattern emerge here...  The resin has got all sorts of poisonous rubbish in it so of course it should be banned.  Just like bathtub liquor during prohibition, I think I'm seeing a patten here...
The cannabis that is going around today in its bud form is incredibly strong and can cause mental problems with users. So to get the same high, you would smoke less of it. That is a good thing, as it minimizes the amount smoked and decreases exposure to the dangerous chemicals.   The resin has got all sorts of poisonous rubbish in it so of course it should be banned. Then by this rationalle you favor banning cigarettes, cigars, and pipe tobacco too, right?
So to get the same high, you would smoke less of it. That is a good thing, as it minimizes the amount smoked and decreases exposure to the dangerous chemicals.   Then by this rationalle you favor banning cigarettes, cigars, and pipe tobacco too, right?  And petroleum, alcohol and conventionally farmed food of course. :p
So another decade drooling in the nursing home?  Maybe it's just that I have worked as a paramedic too long, but I will gladly eat a bullet before I go into a nursing home. Of course, I will smoke a huge joint first, so everyone can run around saying that I killed myself because I was high on pot.
if marijuana was legal there would probably be fewer teens getting addicted to it because half the fun is having to sneak around to smoke it if its legal whats the fun in that? it would also be so expensive and over taxed that nobody could afford it  the weed farmers should be allowed to keep growing their crops then sell them to the government for a wealthy profit ,but of course the government would never let that happen  if weed were legalized anybody in prison for weed related offenses  could be released, which would benefit overcrowded prisons everywhere which might also lower the crime rate in those prisons.. lol yeah right
People who smoke dope are losers.  Generalizations like that say more about you than they do about your so called "losers". Note that the "losers" you speak of include some of the most briliant and historically important people to ever live.
legalize - yes.  i could care less about what you do in your own home. i will continue to not smoke weed as i continue to not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes. its excellent that we have a choice on certain things, not so excellent that we dont have a choice on other things, equally balanced.  as for it being harmful, i have friends who smoke weed all the time and they seem alright. cigarettes are probably worse for your lungs and alcohol is probably worse for your brain - i dont know first hand... or second hand teehee.
I know plenty of people who have used cannabis, I'm not aware of any of them having tried anything beyond that. Cannabis is only a gateway drug in the same sense that tobacco or alcohol is - most people who try something harder will have tried cannabis in the past, just as they have tried alcohol and tobacco. That does not mean that those who try cannabis will inevitably try other things.  For the record, I've never consumed cannabis in any form (except second hand), and have no intention of doing so. I don't smoke tobacco or drink alcohol either, but I have no intention of imposing my choice on other people.
Maybe it's the sort of people you hang out with, but I've never seen that. Most people I know who use cannabis have the odd joint of an evening in the same way others might have a bottle or two of beer, or they bake it in cookies or brownies to have at a party.
Yeah Easy, not exactly sure who you are hanging out with, but the people that I know who use marijuana typically are not the trouble-maker type. I have never seen anyone high on marijuana get violent, I have never seen them out robbing banks, and they don't typically ever try to push their maijuana on others. The people I know who use marijuana typically don't use other drugs, some don't even use alcohol (which is far more harmful than marijuana...yet somehow still legal). They are some of the most intelligent and creative people I know. Many of them hold down professional careers in many different industries.
Yeah Easy, not exactly sure who you are hanging out with, but the people that I know who use marijuana typically are not the trouble-maker type. I have never seen anyone high on marijuana get violent, I have never seen them out robbing banks, and they don't typically ever try to push their maijuana on others. The people I know who use marijuana typically don't use other drugs, some don't even use alcohol (which is far more harmful than marijuana...yet somehow still legal). They are some of the most intelligent and creative people I know. Many of them hold down professional careers in many different industries.  absolutely. how often do you hear of someone smoking marijuana and then beating his wife? never. he would probably rather give her cuddles. but to be fair, there are people who try to push marijuana on others, theres always people who push anything onto others. theres people who try to push people into not drinking or smoking cigarettes. its just the people you choose to hang out with that matters. there are always some that will be completely cool with how you choose to live your life. those are the people i would rather hang out with. - philosophy moment.  When you have a room full of people smoking dope, somebody is always there saying, "Try this (or that)".  thats because marijuana is illegal! how often do you go to a wine tasting party and see waiters walking around going "excuse me sir, would you like to try this?" and offer them a line of coke? that would be hilarious but it doesnt happen.   Some of them want you hooked so they can make money off you.  thats because marijuana is illegal! make marijuana legal and that will stop the weirdos from selling it in alley ways.  Guys will try that with girls to get them high and in the sack.  you clearly have a misunderstanding of the effects of marijuana. someone who smokes weed will be conscious and aware, just slower and more calm than usual. so that wouldnt work if the girl didnt want to.  and besides, how often do you hear of this instance happening with alcohol? all the friggen time! and that's legal.  also, easyrider. just because i dont need a book to remind me whats right and wrong (i figured it out myself, thank you) doesnt mean i dont have an objective moral basis.
Yeah Easy, not exactly sure who you are hanging out with, but the people that I know who use marijuana typically are not the trouble-maker type. I have never seen anyone high on marijuana get violent, I have never seen them out robbing banks, and they don't typically ever try to push their maijuana on others. The people I know who use marijuana typically don't use other drugs, some don't even use alcohol (which is far more harmful than marijuana...yet somehow still legal). They are some of the most intelligent and creative people I know. Many of them hold down professional careers in many different industries.This mirrors my own experience nicely.
With one exception, I've seen a ton of them lose their personal initiative, never amounting to what they could have achieved had they not been lawbreakers and pot heads.  What color is the sky in your world ez?
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth...  Gen 1:29
With one exception, I've seen a ton of them lose their personal initiative, never amounting to what they could have achieved had they not been lawbreakers and pot heads.  In my life, I have known plenty of people who never reached their potential. In the majority of those cases, marijuana had nothing to do with it. Is it possible that some people are just...ohh, I don't know...lazy?
illegalize sugar, it bad for you too!  Sugar's effect on your health  Sugar?s Health Effects & Risks: Is Sugar Sweet Poison? Sugar-a Silent Killer: an Extensive Discussion of the Sugars: Sucrose, Fructose, Honey, Xylitol, Sorbitol, Mannitol, Malt Syrup  146 Reasons Why Sugar Is Ruining Your Health  The Harmful Effects of Sugar and Choosing Healthy Alternatives  Sugar - Pure White and Deadly - The Problem of Sugar  (Except you ez, we want you to eat MORE sugar.)
It's subtle. You probably can't see it over a short period of time. Here's more on that:   Marijuana has been found to affect the brains proper functioning as well as proper mental development of the user. Most notably marijuana affects the motivations of the user by chemically unbalancing the natural functions of the brain. The result can be seen by talking with marijuana users about changing their habit. Marijuana is no big deal, as long as they have it.   Marijuana affects ambition and alters reality.  Marijuana effects  From another site:  As a youth during the 1960's I became deeply involved with drugs including marijuana and was arrested numerous times prior to going through the Narconon Drug rehabilitation program in December of 1971.....Of all the drugs I used, marijuana sapped my ambition more than any other. In high school my only goal in life became "to find the ultimate bud (bud means: potent cluster of marijuana flowers)" All else became unimportant or secondary.  Marijuana Information : Family-Drug-Intervention.Net  Not all people, but many.  Wow. Great unbiased information brought to us by NARCANON, a for profit treatment center. I would say that they have a more than vested interest in exagerating half-truths and propogating outright lies about the most popularly used illegal substance in the world.   Their treatment methods have been called into question time and time again, the actual success rate of their program has been found to be much lower than they claim. They have been repeatedly condemned by medical associations around the world. Their understanding of the science behind drug addiction has been called into question by the scientific community.  Not sure what else I would expect from an organization with strong ties to scientology.
I've tried Pot a few times but I didn't take to it, Actually never did much drugs or drinking, but I think they should legalize it at least for medical reasons if nothing else. They allow the sale of Tobacco and alcohol and both of those are known to be bad for you. My opinion is that they probably would have legalized a lot of drugs by now if they could figure out a way to control it and Tax it. It's not so easy for just anyone to Grow tobacco or make alcohol so it can be regulated a bit more. Marijuana on the other hand can't be regulated and taxed like the others so they make it a crime rather than allow people to freely grow and smoke it. I think this country has way more problems to worry about other than who is smoking weed, so if it comes up on a ballot in my state I'll be voting yes, legalize it and move on to bigger problems.
Whats stopping the legalization of it?  Christian fundamentalism.
Christian fundamentalism. Not really.   Marijuana prohibition is big business. Drug companies, the FDA and the DEA the court system, jails and prisons, and to a smaller degree ICE/BP have a vested interest in seeking to keep pot illegal.   The money wasted by our government in the war on drugs, and the profits that a select few are making off this war is obscene.   Just more proof that our goverment is controlled by big business and a select few wealthy people.
Not really.   Marijuana prohibition is big business. Drug companies, the FDA and the DEA the court system, jails and prisons, and to a smaller degree ICE/BP have a vested interest in seeking to keep pot illegal.   The money wasted by our government in the war on drugs, and the profits that a select few are making off this war is obscene.   Just more proof that our goverment is controlled by big business and a select few wealthy people.  See Sam Harris' The End of Faith.
I think it should be legalized along the lines of alcohol. Regulated and taxed, with recreational access in the privacy of one's own home or places that accommodate (like Amsterdam cafes).  Still, I'm not surprised it didn't pass in California. Big money went into the opposition campaign, and when Americans vote nowadays, they are very prone to going with whoever can pay for louder advertising.  Even if it's not in their best interests.  They don't reflect enough on how they're being conditioned or manipulated by commercial advertising.
Considering that drugs like zoloft, abilify, prozac, cymbalta, paxil (for depression) Adderall, Dexedrine, Ritalin (adhd) (not to mention all these other mood-altering prescription drugs) are not only legal, but are promoted on prime time tv, then any argument against legalizing marijuana becomes moot. Want to compare side effects?
Considering that drugs like zoloft, abilify, prozac, cymbalta, paxil (for depression) Adderall, Dexedrine, Ritalin (adhd) (not to mention all these other mood-altering prescription drugs) are not only legal, but are promoted on prime time tv, then any argument against legalizing marijuana becomes moot. Want to compare side effects?  The side effects and "dangers" associated with using marijuana are negligible compared with most of these legal prescription drugs. The government started a massive campaign of lies concerning marijuana around the Nixon administration, and it has only grown since. It's hard to believe that people still buy into the XXXX that our government says about marijuana. The only reason it is still illegal is money.
Only because legal prescription drugs are controlled. There are plenty of cases of addiction to legal prescription drugs so really you are endorsing at least the control of cannabis by your argument. What do you actually want a $50 an ounce price for high THC bud so you can toke your brains out or cannabis to be a legal prescription drug..or something in between?  LOL. And this is supposed to be an example of your debating skills??? LOL. Why don't you talk about something you know about. I worked in a respiratory lab, for 15 years , where research about the medicinal benefits of marijuana was frequently discussed, and endorsed, by the head of the pulmonary dept of Baylor College of Medicine, no less.
No you didnt. What are your ' debating skills' poet? So far you have made an ad hominem remark followed by an announcement of you credencials to discuss this subject without actually doing so. In fact just your usual BS  No I didn't what? So what? You're whining and bitchin' because I did to you, what you do to others? Damn, what a girl.  Discussing the subject? What do you want to discuss? The fact that marijuana relieves or reduces intraocular pressure? That it significantly reduces the nausea associated with chemotherapy? Or that it improves the appetite of AIDS patients, who have experienced significant weight loss? Please, by all means, discuss.
Have I burst you little bubble or have you something to say about the actual subject...maybe you are desperately studying wiki so you can appear informed. Dont tell me . Im on ignore  Bitch, please....I engaged in practical application and research, while you resort to wikipedia. Talk about something you know about. LOL
Okay.Im very very very sorry and you really are a chemist....Your lordship  Disingenous. This is all a game for you..but then you cry foul, when someone points out your shenanigans and ad hominem attacks.  You couldn't be straight forward or drama free, if someone paid you.
You are going to bone up on the effects of THC and come back to challenge me arent you? Come on. I want to read your views on cannabis:)  No. You lost your bid to engage honestly and respectfully. You just can't behave. So run along, child.
Come on. You know you want to. I promise I'll read it without being disrespectful  Didn't I say "NO"? I gave you the opportunity to engage respectfully and honestly, and you used it as an opportunity to launch more ad hominem attacks. I don't deal with children or mental deficients. You only get one chance with me...you're a dishonest poster. You're here for drama, not debate.
Only because legal prescription drugs are controlled. There are plenty of cases of addiction to legal prescription drugs so really you are endorsing at least the control of cannabis by your argument. What do you actually want a $50 an ounce price for high THC bud so you can toke your brains out or cannabis to be a legal prescription drug..or something in between?  I don't think it needs to be a "prescription drug", even though that's what the drug companies are trying to do. It's funny how it seems to become acceptable if a large drug company sells it, but if you grow it at home...you're a criminal who is using a dangerous drug. It just goes to show how large greedy drug companies can manipulate government policy.   Pharmaceutical Drugs Based on Cannabis - Medical Marijuana - ProCon.org    I support the right of people to use natural drugs as they see fit without interference of any kind from the government so long as they do it in their own home and refrain from placing anyone other than themselves at harm. If it is insisted upon that it only be made legal for medicinal use, I believe that those who are granted the right to use it medicinally should be allowed to grow it at home for their personal use if they wish.
I think you have more of a right to that view than me a Brit( although I dont necessarily think its right). This is because you pay for your own health care so you should be allowed to risk your health if you want. Why should I help pay for potheads ,junkies and alcoholics medical treatment when they brought it on themselves? In my experience prolonged use of cannabis changes people and not for the better. I don't believe that you should have to pay for others bad behavior, but this is simply an unavoidable consequence of taxpayer funded government healthcare. Cannabis can be abused just like any other drug, although it cn also be used recreationally by responsible adults with very little harm when compared with other currently legal drugs. One of the common misconceptions regarding legalization of marijuana is that everyone will use it. This is not supported by what we have seen in Portugal and the Netherlands. I wager that those who already use it would continue to use it. Those who don't already use it probably will not start.   The real question we should be asking is what position is the greater benefit to society as a whole. I think we can all agree that prohibition does not work. Billions of dollars are spent every year in America's war on drugs...with a large percentage of it going to fight marijuana. Thousands of people are thrown into prisons, costing the states huge amounts of money per incarcerated inmate. Clandestine grows are taking over pristine forest causing danger to hikers and environmental damage to the native flora and fauna. Meanwhile, violent drug cartels and street gangs fight for control of the marijuana trade, and in the process often end up hurting innocent people. Legalizing marijuana and allowing people to home grow would save tax dollars, save our forests, and take the marijuana trade out of the hands of mexican cartels and street gangs. The DEA and other law enforcement could refocus efforts and money at stopping the flow, manufacture, and distribution of drugs that actually pose a significant danger to society.     I know that it does have medicinal properties.My relation has MS and grows large amounts of cannabis which has helped relieve his condition more than anything he was prescribed( he was given some tablets with a cannabis derivative but these were too weak do do anything ,it seems). Now this bloke can smoke huge amounts of dope and not get stoned but other people I know are wrecks because of smoking it. So maybe your solution is right. It shows great promise as a medicine, and I know people who benefit from it. I too know people who abuse it recreationally...some of them to the point that they don't do anything but sit around and get stoned all day every day. Most of the people I know who use it do so simply on a recreational basis every now and then, and they continue to be productive healthy members of society.   BTW: does you relation actually smoke cannabis, or do they use a vaporizer. Vaporizers are a much healthier way of using cannabis. Same goes with oral consumption, which eliminates the health risks of smoking it.
I see it in the same way of legal home distilleries.If people were allowed to distill liquor in their homes and sell it then cheap gutrot and potentially dangerous booze would be available to anyone who wants to buy it.Im not sure whether that would be a good thing. The same goes for allowing home grown marijuana. It would be foolish not to sell some marijuana if you could grow it at home so there would be a lot of it around to buy. There already is a lot of it around to buy. The problem being that a large majority of what is around to buy is being sold by gangs and cartels. I would rather grow my own than support gangs and cartels. And yes, some people who home grow in the US do sell some of the cannabis that they grow. If I was going to use cannabis and was unable to grow it myself, I would rather buy it from a trusted friend than to buy it off the street knowing that I am supporting violent gangs and/or cartels.   In the UK there was a huge rise in ' home grown' bud a few years ago. Home grown being bud that was grown in houses rented by Vietnamese gangs. Home grown: meaning cannabis grown in one's own home for personal consumption.   One good thing I suppose would be the possibility to get rid of some of the worst solid .Ive seen quite a few bits of plastic in that XXXX. God knows what else was in it. I'm not sure what you said here.  So I dont see the legalisation of marijuana as necessarily a good thing but one we could not reverse if it becomes as bad as I suspect it would ie minors toking big spiffs or bottle bongs and growers competing to grow cheaper and ever powerful dope Minors already "toke big spiffs"...(I think you meant to say "spliffs"). People already make bottle bongs. Growers are already growing more powerful "designer" cannabis. Look up a marijuana seedbank online...you can find seeds for just about any kind of cannabis that you want. The things you are worried about happening if cannabis was to be made legal are already happening. You're a bit behind the times if you don't already realize that marijuana is everywhere. Prohibition has failed, the war on drugs has failed, and the government is simply wasting money tryingto pretend that they are making a difference. At some point, we just need to admit the truth.   I cant smoke it because I will hit the deck if I am not careful. I used to eat it in cakes but you can consume a lot of it in a cake and it would make me trippy for about 48hrs but that does not mean I would just want to deny it to others because it wasnt for me. As with any drug, knowing how much you are taking is important. Knowing your response to any drug is also important. It's part of the whole "responsible use" idea.   One of my friends would swear by it to kill pain and as said it took a lot of the symptoms of MS away from my relation. He would have about 12 big spliffs a day and had a constant sore throat. Ive never seen anyone who could smoke so much weed ..about two tokes of his spliff would send me to sleep lol. I havent seen him for a few years but I know he is still around so he probably is still toking. 12 joints a day would give anyone a sore throat. That's not healthy. If someone is going to use cannabis for a medicinal use at such high levels, it makes a who lot more sense to consume it orally rather than smoke it. Smoking anything is bad for you.   If you mean by vaporiser a bong then I have had one but I dont think he did. No, I meant a vaporizer. A bong is used to smoke marijuana, not vaporize it.
So we should legalise weed so we can buy a potentially dangerous substance from ' trusted friends' instead of violent gangs?I dont see the logic in that. First off...I have a problem with the phrase "potentially dangerous substance". Marijuana is not dangerous in the acute. There is long term risk associated with heavy cannabis use (ie. respiratory disease)...but far less than many currently legal substances.   No its not, because if it were your friends would not be able to sell you any. The problem is more and more would be grown and sold thus making your definition incorrect Again...not sure what that first sentence even means. All marijuana is grown. Home grown means growing your own marijuana.   Ive found plastic in cannabis resin and Im told there is other stuff in it too. You've found plastic in cannabis resin? How? Are you some sort of chemist? Do you work in a lab? Or is it possible that you once bought some cannabis and got crappy stuff? Legalization of cannabis would only lead to increased quality of product. As it stands currently, Mexican cartels and street gangs are only concerned with profit...not quality.    Give up you mean. On a losing strategy...absolutely.   Home grown has no label with the THC content in it Neither does that which comes from cartels and street gangs. Any time you take a drug, it is always advisable to start out with a minimal amount, until you know what effect it has on you. Marijuana is no different. Also, many of the medical marijuana dispensaries in California do actually display the TCH content of every strain that they sell. They go to great lengths to assure purity, quality, and absence of mold, mildew, fungus, and pests. This is a perfect example of what happens when you bring cannabis out of the shadows and into the mainstream.   Not heard of that before Then I submit that you know little about marijuana.
There is a long term risk of mental problems with marijuana.One that seems to elude long term users.It is an acute risk for youngsters so I do not have a problem with the phrase. Ive seen this personally and Im pretty sure that I can google an article telling of this just as you can post a link refuting it I won't argue that there can be effects from long term heavy use...just like any other drug. But what is this "acute risk" that you speak of?   You may need to be a chemist to identify a bit of plastic in a lump of solid but I can identify plastic without a degree in chemistry and Ive seen a few..as well as stuff I couldnt identify..maybe thats where the degree would have been handy What is a "lump of solid"? If you're finding plastic and other unidentifiable bits in your bag of weed, you probably need to look for better weed.   Why do you think that legalising cannabis will improve the quality of it? What mechanism will suddenly make cannabis quality improve? Are you saying that people should able to grow thier own or that it should be manufactured and sold in a supermarket? What are you actually saying? Because the majority of weed that is being dealt on the streets by gangs and cartels is junk. They spray pesticides all over it, they use chemical fetilizers to grow it, they simply don't care what is in it or what is has been exposed to. Their only motivation is to make a profit. If it were legalized for home grow, most people who grow would be far more meticulous about what they expose their marijuana to. And if it were to be sold in stores, those running the stores would have an interest in selling a clean product from a trusted grower.   I havent seen 'good' cannabis for quite a few years Pitty.   So when you have a losing strategy the way out is too lose completely?  Or perhaps adopt a new strategy? Obviously, prohibition of marijuana has been a failure. Perhaps regulation, sale, taxation? Refocus our war on drugs towards drugs that present a serious threat?   I wish you would make your mind up whether you want marijuana produced and marketed as a recreational drug or users can grow their own..you cant have both. You can have a free for all or quality controlled production like cigarettes or alcohol. uh...both?  I would have no problem with marijuana being sold OTC in stores to adults. As per the US constitution, that should be a state decision. And why can't I have both? I can brew my own beer. I can grow my own tobacco. Why can't I grow my own marijuana?
The acute risk for children is that they get mental illness symptoms far quicker than adults... hence acute Mental illness symptoms...do tell. What symptoms. Do you mean that it can exacerbate or reveal pre-existing mental illness, or are you saying that it causes acute mental illness. There is a big difference.   There was I questioning my knowledge of marijuana because I didnt know about vaporisers when there is a toker across the Atlantic that doesnt know about blocks of cannabis resin. First off, not a "toker". Second, are you by chance talking about Hashish, which is gathered and compressed trichomes from the cannabis plant?   You miss the point.Are you really suggesting that home growers could be left on trust not to sell their product ?If they are not then we would need to police them which defeats the point because there would still be a market for people who do not home grow.If its a free for all then we must leave it to trust that all weed on the market comes from home growers excess which would be naive in the extreme so we would be left with weed coming from cottage industries of marijuana growers.Do you think the 'gangs' would stay away?Maybe get jobs?Every way this goes there is just as much risk of criminal activity becoming involved. Frankly, I don't care what people do with it...grow it, sell it to other adults, give it to other adults, trade it with other adults...whatever.   And: "there is just as much risk of criminal activity becoming involved"? Get real. Violent criminals currently control the marijuana trade. We have nowhere to go but up. Think about it, if I could buy organic marijuana from a trusted supplier...would I buy junk from a stranger on the street when the profits are probably going to support a ruthless mexican cartel? Be realistic.   If it were sold in stores people would still grow it because it would be cheaper thus setting up a black market..see above. Unless it could be sold in stores and growing is banned..see above Just like the horrible liquor black market, or the horrible tobacco black market, or the dangerous tomato black market.    Marijuana is as serious threat as a total free for all on many prescription drugs.Isnt that serious enough? Who said anything about a "total free for all on prescription drugs"? What threat do you believe that marijuana poses?   If you would agree to register with the police and account for every piece of plant or bud that you produce as well as pay for police and health inspections then you may have a point but there still would be a huge market for illegally grown weed.Which just gives you a paid privilege and does nothing else Why do I need to government to monitor or inspect the growing of a plant? Do you understand what the word "legal" means? Tomatos are legal to grow and possess and consume. The government does not currently inspect my vegetable garden. If marijuana were legal...no inspections would be required.
The fact is that there is a disproportionate amount metal illness in young pot smokers. Symptoms can range from depression to psychosis. Whether pot exacerbates illness, reveals pre existing mental illness or creates mental illness does not matter. I do agree that marijuana can lead to earlier development of mental illness in people that use it during early adolescence, but I believe that most often these are people with underlying mental illness in the first place. Many scientist and psychologists have raised the question if these teens are using marijuana in an attempt to "self medicate".   At any rate, the current policy of prohibition does not seem to keep marijuana out of the hands of our youth. In fact, it most likely makes it far more available. It sure is a good thing that I don't advocate the use of marijuana by children...isn't it?   No I am not talking about gathered and compressed trichomes from the cannabis plant. If anyone tries to sell you a lump of hashish by your definition and it costs less than bud it. Dont believe them.It will be the stuff that I know. I am talking about a solid lump of ' cannabis' resin which I believe is ( but do not actually know or care) reconstituted cannabis resin with cannabis oil and other junk. First off, I would never buy anything from "anyone". If I were going to buy something, I would get it from someone I know and trust. Second, if you are talking about just plain resin...a black, almost tar-like chunk of material...why would anyone smoke that in the first place? What is commonly known as "resin" by most marijuana smokers is the residue that is left over after combustion of marijuana. It is a sticky tar-like substance that they scrape from the inside of their pipes and bowls. It has a relatively high THC content.   I follow a general rule in life: If I can't identify it, I leave it alone.   Why do you think making cannabis a cottage industry would make the violent criminals give up drug trading and take a proper job? It's not about them giving up drug trading or getting a proper job. I could care less what they do.   The reason drugs are in the hands of gangs and cartels is that they are illegal. Perhaps it is a difference between the US and GB that you just don't see. Over here, a majority of marijuana is smuggled up from Mexico and South America by cartels, and then sold by gangs. Needless to say, their practices are less than admirable.   There are growers in California and Colorado (just to name a few) that sell their products to cooperatives and dispensaries for the medical marijuana industry. They are above ground, tax-paying citizens who don't carry guns, don't shoot people in drive-by's, don't sell their drugs to kids, and don't fund any such violence through the sale of their products. If dispensaries were legally allowed to sell to adults...where do you think that the vast majority of Americans would buy their marijuana from?   It's not about what the criminals do, it's about what we do to the criminals. Brigning marijuana above ground would put them out of business. Believe me...street gangs and drug cartels do not want to see marijuana legalized.  As far as I know individuals cannot distill and sell liquor in the US and home made beer tastes like urine. No we buy our liquors from stores...in my state, I get it from state government run stores. The point was that you stated that it would be cheaper to make them at home rather than buy them in stores, and I agree, it would. Despite this fact, there is little competition for home distilled alcohol in the US. Most of us prefer the convenience, selection, and quality that comes from large scale above ground distillaries. However, the government is not knocking in doors when people home-distill a little alcohol.   And I don't know about you, but some of the best beer I have ever had has been home-brewed beer. I just finished brewing a lovely stout...dark, complex, chocolatey, with just a hint of warm holiday spice notes. I'm going to try the same recipe again, but use more honey this time in the wort.   As much threat as the total freedom to manufacture and trade drugs like zoloft, abilify, prozac, cymbalta, paxil, Adderall, Dexedrine and Ritalin .The drugs that Unkerpaulie mentioned.I would add Viagra and anabolic steroids. The differences: These are drugs made in a lab. Marijuana is a plant I can grow in my back yard. Nobody ever overdosed on marijuana. Plenty of people have overdosed on the drugs you mentioned.   You're comparing a bottle rocket to a bunch of land mines.    Then you cannot serious say that the quality of the marijuana that was sold would be any better than the stuff that is on the streets now. Simple logic tells me I can. Something tells me that the quality of marijuana grown organically in a greenhouse by a reputable gorwer is going to be better quality than that which is sprayed with chemical pesticides and fertilizers and who know's what else, and is smuggled into the country in gas tanks or the asscrack of some Mexican drug runner. Cartels don't care about spider mites in their finished product, a reputable grower does.   Marijuana is not tomatoes. True. One is a plant that I can grow in my back yard that I can cook with, consume alone or with other food products, or place in mason jars and save for later. The other tastes good on salad.
So you concede that marijuana can lead to mental illness in children..whether it it underlying or not is immaterial just as developing cancer from cigarettes does not mean one jot to the victim if they have a ' underlying' tendency to develop cancer. No, I do not concede that. I agreed that I believe marijuana can expose underlying mental illness, or hasten the symptoms of mental illness, but I do not believe it causes mental illness, nor do I believe that if these mentally ill people had never used marijuana that they would never have become mentally ill. Correlation vs. causation. You have no hard evidence to support your theory, I have no hard evidence to support mine. What I can say is that I do not advocate the use of marijuana by minors, and I believe that prohibition places children at greater risk to be exposed to marijuana.   I agree the curent policy does not seem to keep marijuana out of childrens hands.I believe the same goes for other even more dangerous drugs..maybe we should make ketamin,crack and ecstasy legal..maybe even angel dust..is there are market for angel dust? You dont advocate it but want to make it as easy or easier for children to obtain it in the future..I dont see much difference No, I do not want to make it easier for children to get marijuana in the future, and I believe I have made that clear. I believe that the current system of prohibition makes marijuana more available to children, due to unscrupulous dealers who only want to make a profit.   And furthermore, I believe that seperating marijuana from hard drugs such as you listed will decrease exposure to these hard drugs. I work in an envronment where I see drugs all the time. The same guy on the corner that deals pot can also get you crack, meth, coke, or just about anything else you want. It's a no brainer that if people are buying their marijuana at a dispensary, they wouldn't need to be exposed to dealers like this anyway.   As long as it doesnt affect you... Gangs and cartels affect all of us. I just want them to go away. As I have explained before, it is the war on drugs and the policy of prohibition that keeps them in business.   Any free growing and selling marijuana will lead to less than admirable practices . Thats just the way it is.Potheads selling to potheads =less than admirable practices I was talking about the violence that cartels and street gangs deliver day after day. Perhaps you don't see such in you little kingdom over there, but I see gang violence almost daily at work. I've never known a "pothead" to shoot another "pothead" who was buying marijuana from him.   From the guy down the road who grows his own pot in a garage or from a bloke on a street corner..if the price was right. If legalized, marijuana sold at disrensaries could be cheaper than what is currently available on the black market. Any time you make something illegal and push it underground, you increase it's value to those who want it. If I were going to buy marijuana, I would still rather pay a few bucks more to buy it in a safe environment like a dispensary from someone I trust than to go out and take my chances with the armed gang banger on the street.  Only selling pot from legal dispensaries would be the lesser of two evils though. If you want to insist that it is an "evil".   Neither do I.Where the gangs and I differ is on the penalty of selling illegal drugs If marijuana were taken out of their hands, most would no longer be around. Hmmm...lock people up for causing problems, or make them vanish and eliminate the problems. Hmmmm....  Probably because the amount of people doing it is negligable..but I am only assuming this Probably not. It's because the majority of people who do home distill don't sell their product. They use it themselves, or share it with friends on a social basis.   Some of it is palatable but most of it tastes like XXXX. To each his own.   Define overdosed.Apparently nobody has overdosed on LSD insofar that they died through LSD poisoning.  Overdose simply means "excessive dose". And yes, actually it is thought that one person (perhaps 2) has died from an LSD overdose, but it requires extraordinarily high doses, and is not easy to do. I am thinking in terms of the work that I do, where overdose means to seriously places one's life at risk via ingestion of a drug or chemical.  How do you guarantee that the product is as good as you say without a quality control inspection? Many dispensaries do their own quality control. Simple testing is available through labs and much testing can be done right in the dispensary with a few basic tools. But again, simple logic tells us that if marijuana can be cultivated legally, the practices used to grow it will improve. I know a few people who grow their own, and they go t great lengths to ensure that they grow healthy plants organically with no disease or infestation.   Government inspection would only add one more wasteful government beaurocracy to the payroll. That's the last thing we need.     Lol;)[/QUOTE]
gansao, have you ever used marijuana?
Reform does not equal total legalisation and yes, that includes Sorros!  Milton Freidman, George Shultz, Paul Volker to name a few rightwing icons;  Milton; how can you outlaw a 'pot plant'? Even if they could put a dent in the trade, then what? Prices would only rise and we would have a million people growing a couple plants in cupboards in cash in. Anyone wanting cannabis can get it and that has been the the case since 1965. 45 years is a long time, so why should we believe that police efforts will all of a sudden make a difference? Every 5 years or so, I read about the 'latest strain' that is to be unleashed - and people go for it.   Shultz; billions of dollars flows out of cannabis to criminal syndicates that deal in herion, crack, extortion and firearms. Cut them out of this cashflow by decriminiliosing cannabis and letting people grow a plant or two themselves. The majority of pot smokers will never have to meet someone from a crime syndicate that way and will not be drawn into the addiction. Currently, we pay for the chase which nets the user, and the criminals get the big profits. We have an incareration rate 3-4 times that of other wealthy western countries and this can be directly traced to cannabis infringements.   Volker; We think we are tough on crime because we have mandatory minimum sentencing but we forget to think that all these pot smokers had jobs, fitted into society and paid taxes. But now they get a $50,000 a year state subsidy to stay in one of our fine new jails, take up our police, court and DA costs and time. When they come out, they have Degree's in Hard Crime - no job, a criminal record and a new rather unsavourey bunch of friends.  and the revolving
Keeping pot illegal makes no sense at all.  Keeping pot illeagle causes a black market for it. A cash black market. ( when is the last time you wrote a check or used your Visa card for it.)
Why bother chasing casual user's and wasting money on containing them if they are going to do it anyway. I think its a good idea, if someone is intent on doing something then a law wont stop them.
Good for them.
Surprised I didn't see this raging here already.  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,193616,00.html  I'm sure some posters are reviewing bible passages to cut/paste rebuttals. Way too much common sense involved for the US to ever adopt similar legislation.
My english teacher mentioned it to us today. He was all for it, didn't it get rejected?
Why bother chasing casual user's and wasting money on containing them if they are going to do it anyway. I think its a good idea, if someone is intent on doing something then a law wont stop them.  While I agree with the law, I don't agree with your reason. By your logic we should just dump all laws as someone is always willing to break them.  The reason to me is the great number of people who do it. The society itself has changed. The laws should be changed to reflect that.   Up here in VT, something like 55% of all residents admit to smoking marijuana on a regular basis. It still illegal, but people don't report marijuana usage and cops don't arrest people for it unless they a near a school or have enough to charge them with intent to distribute.
While I agree with the law, I don't agree with your reason. By your logic we should just dump all laws as someone is always willing to break them.  The reason to me is the great number of people who do it. The society itself has changed. The laws should be changed to reflect that.   Up here in VT, something like 55% of all residents admit to smoking marijuana on a regular basis. It still illegal, but people don't report marijuana usage and cops don't arrest people for it unless they a near a school or have enough to charge them with intent to distribute.  I think the reason for the law would be that there's no reeason to have the ban in the first place (ok, no GOOD reason).
 Either way, the idea is stupid and I would probably only support marijuana being legalized if most other countries did it...why? So we don't have a bunch of drug addicts coming here just for the weed.  Canada, Mexico and most Caribbean Islands other than Cuba have substantial marijuana growing operations for internal consumption and export to the largest market, the US. None of our immediate neighbors would be coming to the US just to smoke pot.
I find it odd that you support marijuana being legalized....I thought you wanted a more productive US, and I don't think you meant an increase in Frito Lay sales.  Marijuana has nothing to do with productivity. I want to cease the senseless, vast enforcement expenditures and derive tax revenue from production and sales.
With legalization under the current pecking order, which federal agency would control policy? A new one?
 As for the drugs....If it ever happened in the US, I hope people wouldn't get mad at the "drug" companies like they do the current tobacco companies. Seems like the same people that are like "legalize drugs" are holding a sign up supporting a lawsuit against Phillip Morris.  That's probably because drugs kill less people than tobacco. Weed (a VERY common drug of course) hasn't killed ANYONE...
Why bother chasing casual user's and wasting money on containing them if they are going to do it anyway. I think its a good idea, if someone is intent on doing something then a law wont stop them.While I do agree in the case of this "something" that there should be no law against it, I cannot agree with the logic behind your approval of the change in law. Just because someone is intent on breaking certain laws is not cause to repeal those laws. It is the fact that certain things are relatively harmless to others that causes me to favor repealing prohibitive laws against those things.
I find it odd that you support marijuana being legalized....I thought you wanted a more productive US, and I don't think you meant an increase in Frito Lay sales.  I would choose freedom over productivity any day.
If Mexico legalizes drug use, the U.S. could trade it's dope heads for hard working Mexicans who could pay taxes and make the U.S. more capable of sending aid to Mexico. Seems like a fair trade to me. lol  Well, there are already hardworking capable mexicans coming here, the only problem is that the potheads aren't leaving.
While I do agree in the case of this "something" that there should be no law against it, I cannot agree with the logic behind your approval of the change in law. Just because someone is intent on breaking certain laws is not cause to repeal those laws. It is the fact that certain things are relatively harmless to others that causes me to favor repealing prohibitive laws against those things.  Its not only that people break the law, its that there will be no change in usage when its legal. Therefore making the law useless.
Its not only that people break the law, its that there will be no change in usage when its legal. Therefore making the law useless. Oh, I'm betting the usage will go up, if only temporarily when it's legalized. I know several people who would be smoking now if it wasn't illegal.   Employers would likely counter this with more testing of employees and applicants.   Users would probably smoke more often and in more places than they now do.  I would become a chain-smoker! LOL
i've spent the last few days thinking about the pro's and con's of Decriminalizing very small Mushrooms, opium, and Cocaine, as well as legalizing and allowing Marijuana to become a legal cash crop in the United States. I am a supporter of the Idea, Just wondering where everyone else was on the issue.
any reason?
Legalize, tax it and get the damn hoodlums who sell it off the streets. I am tired of the violence in my neighborhood tied to it. It ain't my problem if a junkie wants to ruin their life. I want my 12 year old safe.
A society functions better not on cocaine :)  Does it function better on tobacco? Alcohol? Caffine? How about hundereds and hundereds of different pills?
That's a myth. There are plenty of marijuana addicts. People think that because marijuana addicts aren't shooting grandmas and killing random people to get their next fix that they aren't addicts. Marijuana isn't benign. What else are you referring to with "benign drugs?"Is coffee benign? An "addiction" to a substance that has no significant health risks seems benign to me.
...the negatives aspects of marijuana.I must have missed your substantive posts on this topic.
i've spent the last few days thinking about the pro's and con's of Decriminalizing very small Mushrooms, opium, and Cocaine, as well as legalizing and allowing Marijuana to become a legal cash crop in the United States. I am a supporter of the Idea, Just wondering where everyone else was on the issue.  The problem with illegal drugs isn't (IMO) that people use them with harmful effects. If people want to OD on drugs, thats their business.  My concern is the peripheral crime associated with it. Junkies mug people and break into homes to feed their habit. If cocaine was legalised, those junkies would not magically get jobs and become responsible people. They would still break into homes and rob people to pay for their drugs.  Having said that, much of the profit from drug sales goes into funding criminal activities, which could be minimised if those profits were taken by legitimate and legal corporations rather than criminal gangs.
Possibly, but also aren't the people most likely to start "legitimate" business selling these drugs the people who are doing it already? I mean, these are the people who already have a supply line and infrastructure. It would obviously have to be modified a little, but I think these would be the people most likely to start legal businesses if it became legal. It would still then be funding the same criminal activities.  So? Isn't that exactly what we would want: people who conduct legal business instead of illegal business? That means less crime, even if organized crime is still into other things. Making a drug illicit effectively creates another market for organized crime.  Look at alcohol and prohibition. Alcohol was a huge market for organized crime back in prohibition days. How many mobsters or gangs still have distilleries? They only people who operate illegal distilleries nowadays are indepedant brewers in rural areas. When you can get a wide variety of quality-controlled drugs at a licensed store down the road, no one wants to pay prohibition prices to get goods of uncertain purity or quality. Organized crime goes elsewhere to seek massive profits.  I think marijuana is an easy case, its blatantly obvious that most of the harm done by pot on our society comes from associated crime: drug deals gone bad or turf wars, money put into organized crime's hands, otherwise law-abiding citizens put in jail or given criminal records. More dangerous and addictive drugs are a harder sell, I think.  Drug education is broken. Often, drug education is distorted to over-emphasize the dangers of drugs, which mystifies the drug, often increases their allure and destroys confidence in the source of information because the information is obviously biased and incomplete. With or without legalization, I believe the best solution to drug abuse is preventative: quality information and education. Reduction of poverty would do a lot to curb drug abuse (and drug-related crime) as well.  Also, marijuana use in the Netherlands actually went down after legalization, as did alcohol consumption post-prohibition in the US back in the 30's. I would have to hunt a bit around for references for those facts, though, but those facts show that you can't with certainty expect drug use to increase after legalization.
There's no such thing as responsible or moderate heroin use.  Sure there is. This practice is known as "chipping," and it specifically includes heroin users who shoot up occassionally without becoming addicts. Further, another relatively unknown fact about heroin is that there is little evidence proving that it is a "dangerous" drug. That is, there are no specific pathologies (e.g., serious illnesses or physiological deterioration) that are known to result from heroin use. And get this, there is not any scientific evidence to deny that we do more "irreversible" damage by smoking cigarettes and drinking liquor than by using heroin.  These are the facts that the government does not want to tell us. The above information regarding heroin, as well as the discussion of other illegal drugs, stems from Jeffrey Reiman's (2007), The Rich Get Richer and the Poor Get Prison. In particular, read pages 36-43 of the 8th edition.  This is not my opinion, but merely facts!!
if it was legalized we could regulate it and tax it. more people die from legal substances than illegal 120,000 people die ever year from pharmaceutical drugs alone. i think it is a problem when 50% of the prison population is non-violent drug offences and our own government is smuggling in drugs to put on the streets (watch an american drug war).
I was filled with hatred on a lot of levels while watching this clip of Romney explaining to a wheelchair-bound lifelong muscular dystrophy sufferer that he would indeed arrest him for his "crime": http://gloob.tv/news/romney_confronted_medical_pot?article=1976 emoticon_xkill
What a piece of trash this guy(Romney) is. How can you tell me what I can and can't do if I'm not hurting anyone else? Especially if I'm DYING!!
